oh?, if they are married and have two incomes? and she is I know he has her on her medical is that the same?
Do I need to add him to the birth certificate in order to move forward with filing a child support order?
Hello, where can I find "Financial Disclosure" forms to print out for a Child support petition?
Thank you!  I couldn't find anything online so that would be a great help.
Good afternoon, I just have a question. I have a court date in 2 weeks . How do I make an appointment to see legal help
I need a business loan is ny state giving them out ?
i just want NY out the case so I can deal just with VA
I am wondering where I can file a claim on my own for the deposit to be returned
We were expecting to be on the April docket, but obviously that won't happen now.
Hi how are you I have repairs been not fixed and landlord don't fix I also have open 311 case
what do i need  in order to file for child support and is it possible to purchase a divorce index number online?
Hey hows it going... i am trying to figure out some information / answers about a situation regarding child support.
My son was refused help from county hospital in which he goes to for over 10 years
its family court when it’s about custody it stays about custody ? Or can other stuff be added and requested
I heard that all court cases are postponed to January
no, that would be all. thank you again. I hope they can help as well.
I need to get certified copies of my name change order, where can I go to do this?
my condo was listed for sale but not sure if it was postponed due to covid19
I want to file but I’m not sure if they are open yet due to covid
I am looking for a form to file a subpoena for records in an upcoming family court trial
can family court overthrow Supreme Court pendente lite ?
i have had domestic violence in my past, I will like to know if I can file for divorce?
I am trying to find a form for a Suffolk county holdover proceeding. I think the form number is T-1410 and T-1411.
I am a non-custodial parent that I pay child support on
i know everyone says same thing at last
As the petitioner is an ongoing family court proceeding, how can I apply for a court appointed attorney?
oh got it. will i need any of his information such as financials or will he be required to provide that on his own?
Can I change my name on my baby’s birth certificate after I get married??
I also need the form for  Child Support
Looking for an attorney to assist with an illegal eviction where the removal of personal and business property was allow.
So what do I have to do to activate the referal? I'm interested in the legal aid one spacifically
everything Just about my mom myself & my girlfriend bought her through her life they took
it happens every time I ask for help
Hello I'm looking for forms to file for custody
There are illegal tenants living in her nycha apartment
I'm on short term disability now I'm sending child support 100$ a week because I'm only receiving 400$ a week
Im trying to find the correct form to cancel my child support case against my daughter father
No.i want a modification. Because one of child is 21 year old
I'm trying to stop them from throwing arrears on me
I’m sorry to bother I’m just trying to figure things out
The thing is these when we get marry he wants to give my son his name because he dont have a father
I just want to how can I get a dna done of flies a case
Want Make appointment to see juge for my payment modification
upon their arrival, NYPD allowed her 5 min to which at that time she threatened my sons.
he would get drunk and come yp the stairs at night on our landing and start yelling or just talking
Hi I just need to know where I can find a motion to vacate form for traffic tickets
also is the request through family court or direct to child services
but she told me to stop slamming the front door because we share a wall. But I am not slamming it
I started form for small estate last week. form was not saved. I attempingto start another case.
i had a custody case that was dismissed without prejudice. Are the cause available again for refilling good of this type of case?
Home Properties is my current & Oct is Fairfield, LLC
He resides upstate but visits for business.  He wants us to leave but our house keep having renovation issues one after the next
I need a family lawyer to help me with a child custody case
I can't find the family Court forms online.
18 myrtle street, Leroy NY 14482
i am looking to file for child support and I don’t know how to go about this
i am looking for a lawyer to help with an employment issue I have. I was suspended indefinitely. Without warning or notice.
Fuck that is rather go roll a fat blunt thsbks for nothing
good afternoon Deanna. I recently lost my mother from natural causes but most info. is for covid help
yes, does the notary in NC still stand as an authorize notary?
Is that link for legal aid groups or NYS attorney general's office
I'm trying to print a form, I don't have the previous case # to my visitation petition
Will this go directly to the court so they can schedule me a court date ?
I need a maintenance support form, I am representing myself and only need that 1form
I have been on the lease for the past 2 years and no rent is owed to the landlord or have any other issues
Im the child my father lives californa i live in ny
Im studying full time to take the test to joing the US Navy and I dont have the money to pay for a lawyer
I need help finding my court time and date
Hi, my name is Carine and I'm trying to get some help with filing for custody of my daughter
but im not sure if I need to select any of the articles of law
Can I modify or amended a emalated child after case was decided by judge
No, I think I you provided me with enough information to get a good start. Thanks again for your help!
she claims we no longer live in low income housing which is news to me
I got a rent  history and the previous tenant's rent was 780.14$ and I came in to a rent of 1250$
there is no money in the estate to pay the attorney with.  he owed more than he has
The divorce was in Manhattan. And the full custody was in Staten island
I've left several messages for days and have received no call backs...
She said on paper, I earn too much.  But my point is that it is because of his abuse that I cannot represent myself
once i told them i will be looking into a atoner they started changing there tune a lil
Buffalo New York zip code 14222
She hold knife to chase my family and she called police, she said she see strange people and just protect her.
Shes calling my family harassing them telling them I'm not taking care of child
my child has anxiety, adjustment disorder and adhd
how can i file a custody petition in kings county online?
I was hoping there would be a DIY custody petition
My son moved back home with my in July so I need to stop gaurdiandhip and child support with my sister
To finish I just need one of there reps to answer phone- and today is my filing day
I need to file a child support modification. Old one expired! I am not working for medical reaaons
I see you have sample petitions for custody modification. Do you have sample forms for an opposition to custody modification?
i just wanted to file for custody for my two sons
Oswego county trying to help wiywh u d house back log but seem more trying to help
so then my appearance in court would just be to tell my side then
i just want to be sure im doing the right thing.
I get $50.00 a week in child support for two children. the last order was back in 2013 and their father wasnt making much then.
oh okay just read what you wrote. I guess we will just ask for legal representation once we get there
i am in a serious problem and i need a lawyer to solve this , it is very critical
No.. my rent through covid has been paid in full.and on time
The access to Benefits Helpline  is where I can make an appointment to see a lawyer?
when the child goes to the shelter, can i still contact acs?
My boss has reduced my work, he has denied me a full time position,  I have complained about her and nothing has gotten done
The other party resides in Yonkers I reside in Maryland
I have a question.. no one else really knows what I should do. Its regarding custody
Does a cop have to read you your rights if they arrest yoy
No. Making sure no one is hostile towards one another.
Hi I need help finding my public defender who had a case on me that's still open
money paying her bills and stuff like that
I am looking for legal assistance to discuss bankruptcy
I want to find out how to appeal a final order from the family court.
In NY can I be evicted if my landlord is planning on moving in to the property or if they are selling it
Hi I don't have my order number I live in the state of Minnesota and would like to petition a modification
So, I could make this motion to another court in my county?
Ok I just want to start the process will the courts be open to do it as soon as possible
Good afternoon, i have a case that was dismissed and yet its still going we had a zoom court date
oh i see teh habeus corpus one
I am 82 and having seizures and cannot drive and want to get out of a car lease how can I do that
i have a situation with my landlord and i just dont know who i can speak to regarding this
okay, thank you for all the information i will get right on it.
