oh?, if they are married and have two incomes? and she is I know he has her on her medical is that the same?
Fuck that is rather go roll a fat blunt thsbks for nothing
Do I need to add him to the birth certificate in order to move forward with filing a child support order?
There are illegal tenants living in her nycha apartment
I'm on short term disability now I'm sending child support 100$ a week because I'm only receiving 400$ a week
yes, does the notary in NC still stand as an authorize notary?
I need to file a child support modification. Old one expired! I am not working for medical reaaons
Is that link for legal aid groups or NYS attorney general's office
I'm trying to print a form, I don't have the previous case # to my visitation petition
No.i want a modification. Because one of child is 21 year old
Will this go directly to the court so they can schedule me a court date ?
Oswego county trying to help wiywh u d house back log but seem more trying to help
i just want to be sure im doing the right thing.
I'm trying to stop them from throwing arrears on me
Hi, my name is Carine and I'm trying to get some help with filing for custody of my daughter
oh okay just read what you wrote. I guess we will just ask for legal representation once we get there
The access to Benefits Helpline  is where I can make an appointment to see a lawyer?
when the child goes to the shelter, can i still contact acs?
No, I think I you provided me with enough information to get a good start. Thanks again for your help!
We were expecting to be on the April docket, but obviously that won't happen now.
Hi how are you I have repairs been not fixed and landlord don't fix I also have open 311 case
I have a question.. no one else really knows what I should do. Its regarding custody
Hi I just need to know where I can find a motion to vacate form for traffic tickets
My son was refused help from county hospital in which he goes to for over 10 years
I got a rent  history and the previous tenant's rent was 780.14$ and I came in to a rent of 1250$
She said on paper, I earn too much.  But my point is that it is because of his abuse that I cannot represent myself
I've left several messages for days and have received no call backs...
Hi I need help finding my public defender who had a case on me that's still open
I need to get certified copies of my name change order, where can I go to do this?
my condo was listed for sale but not sure if it was postponed due to covid19
money paying her bills and stuff like that
Hi I don't have my order number I live in the state of Minnesota and would like to petition a modification
I started form for small estate last week. form was not saved. I attempingto start another case.
i had a custody case that was dismissed without prejudice. Are the cause available again for refilling good of this type of case?
i know everyone says same thing at last
So, I could make this motion to another court in my county?
oh got it. will i need any of his information such as financials or will he be required to provide that on his own?
Can I change my name on my baby’s birth certificate after I get married??
oh i see teh habeus corpus one
He resides upstate but visits for business.  He wants us to leave but our house keep having renovation issues one after the next
I can't find the family Court forms online.
I am 82 and having seizures and cannot drive and want to get out of a car lease how can I do that
18 myrtle street, Leroy NY 14482
i have a situation with my landlord and i just dont know who i can speak to regarding this
how can i file a custody petition in kings county online?
i am looking for a lawyer to help with an employment issue I have. I was suspended indefinitely. Without warning or notice.
I was hoping there would be a DIY custody petition
Looking for an attorney to assist with an illegal eviction where the removal of personal and business property was allow.
good afternoon Deanna. I recently lost my mother from natural causes but most info. is for covid help
