if the biden's program approve, when people can started to apply? approximately?
Thank you for your assistance. Are you open till 5pm? Just want to know for future questions
It's been over 14 years I have three charges. I'd like to begin the process
than he told me well just give me 150 and you out of the problem so i said well
Okay thanks again, that gives me a good place to start.
If that's everything, thank you for your help and I hope you have a good afternoon!
Do you have a link to this form? Believe it was called a "notice to hear cause"
Yes, click the arrow next to send and you can change the setting there
Oh and HAPPY NEW YEARS 🥳 TO U MS.Bennet!!!
it’s about a 5 mins automated and when you get to the end they hang out
The get started lasts one second
No thank you...you have directed us to where we need to look.  Again, thanks so much!
I didn't even see this one pop up!
does it mean i no longer will receive section 8
Thank you. Can you tell me what is the correct form for a Stay?
i was waiting for you find one or two other options
Is a will from 55 years ago still valid
I'm still good for about 20 minutes 😊
How long will it take to get an respond for a matter at hand
Of course. It would be great to point me in the right direction
Not fully sure now. I have to study the contents shared from you first.
ok that's great - thank you very much!
I was just furloughed and I'm not sure if the reason is actually legal
I need to be steered in the right direction this is my issue..
Yes i will take the survey. Have a great day as well....
Good evening Ms. Elizabeth. Yes
general information. and how long does the process works
Your very much welcome. Have a great day. Take care!
Can you help ne or point me in the right direction?
Because they did NOT fix it correctly or refer me to someone else previous to the initial work
Hello Erika what is the extent you are able to help me ?
Still not seeing her online.  Should I just call her cell 646 420-9869 in the interests of time?  I have a hard stop at 1:00.
Thank you very much for your excellent help! Have a beautiful day!
Sry I see it I pressed the wrong one.
I do not think so. You’ve been extremely helpful! Thank you!
Okay great! Thank you! Is that going to be free ?
I'm using the start set up on  the website.
Thank you. Since it's almost 5:00, I'll have to follow up tomorrow. But thank you for the leads.
can my employer see if I claimed benefits for a week?
all the information I have read refers to man and woman.  Not woman and woman.
what can i do? because i need to relocate as soon as possible and cant stay here any longer
2.  How do you handle the investigation when the complaintant cant remember the date it supposedly happened?
Ok..ill look into it. So that gives me a little time.
oh that's ok ok noted
Hi! Thank you—my question concerns UCCJEA
No, I don't mind waiting.  Thank you for your help!
So looking to find resources so I can determine best course of action
seems so . Thank you again for pointing me in the right direction
The whole pandemic he threaten to start the 90day process again
Good thanks, I'll be waiting for your reply.
Are you a live person? Or is this a automated information type chat
Okay! At least now I know what direction im heading in.
OK, thanks .  Do I do this where I was born or where I currently live?
Can you recommend a pacific organization that would help with this
Thank you I did just that . I appreciate your time and help . I will check back if I run I to any thing else .
How can one find out if an Order of Filiation has already been issued and on file?
In essence, I am allowing the original agreement to pause.
Thanks very much- does it matter if the will had her incorrect address?
Yes I'm looking now. It might be helpful. Anymore resources?
Question: all the above references are for people with limited resources (like me?)?
i believe so, would you help to inform me what the first step to that would be.
there is no date to appear, it just says I have 20 days?
Okay, sure, I’ll take the referral!
help.  I am over 60 so I will look into this site first.
so I would have to a search by county for each legal topic?
i hear different ages 18 some day 21 shears of age
Yes surely.  Thank you so much.  I will hold on.
That’s no problem. Just needed a place to start.
Okay technically i wont be able to do anything ?
Is Legal Aide Society Assoc. free?
Oh okay .  Thank u very much for your time !
One year waiting list.  I do not have a year.
Yes that’s where the first buyers bought it
Is 718 237 2000 a number for your offices?
Hello -- I'm not sure what kind of legal help I should look for or if I need any.
thank u u gave me the correct site have a good night.
Ok Thank You Emma, I’ll wait.
I am not finding it as I searched defendant and last name?
Yes that’s exactly what I meant. Okay cuz I live else where and there making it hard on me that’s why.
Okay, then why don't I tell you what's going on. Would that be okay?
(Just assume I don’t meet any of the specifics categories)
ok, what ever else you can find.  Thank you.
im disabled and need s certain forms approved and weve been trying for almost a month and mine expires in 9 days
Is there a certain date for  paying back the benefits?
yes. What happens if there are two possible fathers?
My husband had until Tuesday 9/17 to respond to the summons with notice.  How do I find out if he responded?
awesome thanks Blythe!  I'll let you know if we have any questions
Absolutely I really appreciate. your help. You’re awesome!!!
okay, that my question. is there any extra steps client are having to take?
I will be more than happy to take the survey when it’s prompted .
There are others who do this to...after watching how easily he can go it.
thank you, pointing me in the right direction would be great
definitely Corona related, but I always have important items due in the mail
we agreed on the amount and the dates I receive the money
Ok I will try. When I prompt on site it brings me back to you.
Good afternoon. I’m married and we are not long together for the pass 3 years
I did check it but I wasn’t sure if I had the right forms so I wanted to double check
thanks, is there anything else I may need ? or any other resources you can think of ?
Ok thank you. Do you know which is the best option to get him help?
For future reference, here is what I meant. I found it elsewhere.
OK is there a place near me or in the area of 125th or near that.  I'm disable and hard to get around.
before carona virus restrictions I start case to change castody status. When Cort will reopen?
Do you know of any probing services available to us?
How fast would it work? Because I have 30 days
(Before you end the chat, please ask "Is there is anything else I can help you with today". If no, then send closing canned response)
I am followed wherever I go and I was almost run over a month ago
Is there a tenant requirements or law information page?
Ya know, the important part. Lol
but that is TPS, isnt different with biden will propose
ah ok - and once I have a copy, what is the next step in terminating the deductions
Process server, do they have access to peoples last or other known address?
Where would I go or who would I call to start the process ?
do you know if I have any legal recourse against instacart.com (grocery shopping and delivery) for just deactivating my account with no explanation?
ok. let me take a second to look at them
is it till June 19, not august 20?
I attend school full time and work full time
Hi, I am trying to understand what does a one time payment means on a snap application?
Yes I read thru them and see what offer me.
If she never shows up, what can happen? I have read about alternate service. What can constitute that? Examples?
YES ,  you are supposed to tell me what I can do for legal help.
I don't think so. I need actual help.
Yes...most definitely & thank you...I am at a loss as to what to do...they said I must accept their offer within 72 hours?!?
if the form came with a line by line explanation/directions we would know what they are looking for
Okay thank you so much for your help and time!
Hi if I give my job 9 weeks notice (city /union job in nyc) can they let me go after I give notice?
Thank you! I have called may numbers and not many handle probate for low income,
If a general manager meets with you and tells you you're getting a salary raise but it never happens is that legal or illegal?
Actually, this matter is probably very much on the simple side . . .
Yes numerous times and my renewal should be comming soon they always tell me its on the way.
One last question are they available on weekends from what you know??
i tell him he can't have her if he is going to be hostile and aggressive/
Ok. I don’t see anything related to abandonment?
Thank you so much!!! Ive been searching for hours
I have a 2 different situations, and i want to know how would i know whats best to do...
I don’t want time to pass because one I have been back and fourth for years
Ok, well that’s good. Thank you!
Hello, I had a few questions, not sure if this is the right venue
any chance you can help me with something close from the forms required?
Yes.  I have called and left messages but no one responder
review the compensation package and advise on next steps
At this point, I'm unsure whether it was appropriate or legal for them to have placed me on furlough because:
Among other issues.  How would direct me regarding the aforementioned?
Yes. Haven’t seen her in two years, going on three.
Do they have phone. She never send me a 3 day notice or serve me
what information can you tell about if my former employer contests my unemployment? Sorry
Im beyond scared and don't know what to do
Yes monroe... I'm  a month to month
I feel that at this point I need to provide him with notice, is this true?
Done !  Thanks, I've got to go now.
it sounds like you're being evasive with ulterior motives
well if you can find the one for last name just above
5 other people, besides me, see this behavior.
good day hope ur well
okay so you don't have answers you are directing me to someone else?
Okay. Thank you. I appreciate being pointed in the right direction. We will follow up with these organziations.
The one lady said they weren't taking papers but I can ask again
There are online notary services.  What's the best way to tell if they are legit?
I'm sure another minute won't hurt
Latoya that info doesn’t help me!!!!! That’s a google search you’re doing.
how can we go about this process of being able to see them and be involved with them more .
Do you know how long this process may take?
thank you.  do i have to let them in any time they feel like it, if they give notice?
Hi Andrew. Sorry i got distracted
Ok so just keep doing it until they realize this situation is serious
Will he be real responsible for the upcoming rears when he gets out of jail?Arrears
Hi yes. Sorry I’m new to this.
No problem. Have a nice day. I will do the survey. Thank again for the great service.
Hi Hannah, we just typed a moment ago . . .
When they say you have 20 days to respond, do they mean 20 business days?
Good afternoon! I hope you're having a blessed day...
I read that already . It doesn't state how long would it take to receive it.
I really want to keep them. I’m very attached now
Yes Good Afternoon I have a quick question...
Yes I misread the instructions and didn’t respond “Yes” first.
Got it. That's the same one as before, right? And it contains additional options?
so 20 days from the day the guy handed it to me correct?
It sure does! I didn’t know where to look so thank u!!
How long will the process take If everything goes well ?
Okay, I'll try that. I have his old address
Thank you very much. I will at least attempt to start with these. I will take a screen shot one moment please.
I hope so to.no I'm going to call LIFT to see what they say
Good afternoon.  My mother who is 97 years young was required to allow the building
Now they told me that if I make another payment from she is returning and that their not accept it. Can they legally do that
ok i'm taking a deep breathe
That's great, thank you! Do you know how long this process takes/
Okay! Nope that’s all, have a great day!
thank you! probably something that doesn't come up often!
And how can we know which part could be regard as normal wear and tear?
How would I go about terminating my parental rights?
would they know if i called and said i made less?
Do u know if inmotion is still operating?
thank you. Is there a resource for free or low income representation in my county?
Sure....and thanks. I'd appreciate any insight or help.
I need to know what an part-time superintendent is responsible for?
just need to get pointed in the right direction
Sounds like a plan. Sure appreciate it Jamie!
Ok. But can you inform me as to whether the text would hold up?
I just want to know in details why I am not eligible in three years. Things do go up every year....
Thank you... I will wait while you look...  Much obliged!
Hello - I wanted to understand what a ‘civil action for possession’ means.
I am not sure. All I was told was small claims. What are the options?
bank ? No it was taken out of a work check from my old job
Is this real person responding to me or an automatic service ?
Sure thing. I’ll take care of survey for you. Thanks again.
My brother is not capable of handle any legal matters , and doesn't care at all...
I'm expecting to hear from her soon so hopefully I will get those! Thanks!
and the OTSC would need to be served on the ex, right?
Please tell me the next steps to stop this case. What do I need to do?
What can be expected? What would a court consider this? What if she evades and never shows up?
any other feedback you can share knowing more of the situation and my frustration?
Yes Enrique take your time go ahead!
10 day, 14 days or 30 Days
ok, can I keep this window open at least for 20 min?
its nerve racking to sign something without being certain that it’s fine. I imagine it would take less than two minutes by phone
Hello, I need to find out if a job can let you go without telling you but say that you quit?
Does freelance work count as 'returning to work' though? If I had a full time position previously? \
thank you for your help. You've pointed me in the right direction. I appreciate it.
yes 20 days... I was served by a person...
(ravine - te puedes quedar hasta las 5:20?)
Could you tell me how old I have to be to decide I want to live on my own?
No right now I'm in the fourteen (14) days period to "cure"
Okay -- no problem. There is a bit of follow up needed, as you'll see in the note.
no not yet. I guess i will wait to see what she tries to do. thank you
Some refer to it as being I like a Micah type program as well
Good afternoon.  My name is Cheryl D. Uzamere.  Are you a real person?
Great.  TY so much.  What you are doping is important.
I’m sorry, I can off for a second and your response went away.
So the next day the mom wanted my daughter and I told her no your getting high and we seen it
When I do he tells me how he misses me and wants to see me always
Thanks for the help.. I'm not understanding what you mean
And second question: I am waiting for an interview for a very long time, is it possible to accelerate?
Ok I’m going to check both, I appreciate it!
this is not easy.  always hard to find good people - in every field.
or just sbmit and they will tell me if I'm missing anything?
I dont know:( I will try the sites you recommended  !! Thank you so much!!
plus i think he's having trouble identifying where he has policies and benefits still
Youre fine!! I wish i could take a survey for you!!
Thank you so much! How long does this process typically take ?
may I know where I can know my rescheduled time?
Can you tell me whether this will affect my credit though? Or have legal repercussions?
ok. thank you for your time and help. I will pursue them. have a good night
Okay nothing in any folder. Let’s end the chat and see. Thank you
Ok... This is great!!!  We didn't know where to turn to for help... Thank you so very much!!!  :)
I dont know how to go about starting the process.
In a minute or two I'll probably need to step away for a minute or two - a delivery. Can you stand by if/when that happens?
I was hopeful that you could guide me in the right direction.
yes. exactly. just much better said.
Oh this was from a car that I returned and the amount was 8000 now 18000. Anything I can do? It was from 2002.
Oh, alright. I have no other questions or requests at this time.
They are both apparently written for the same day (May 14th)
yes please and sorry for the slow response, I wasn’t thinking your response would be fast
Can you confirm if legal aid in my county is Hiscock Legal Aide?
Do you see it? You can review session 1 training if you still have issues seeing it
A week. And two weeks ago for about three days.
I know if I leave I only give 30 days notice-perk of being 62 or over.
What can the alternative methods be? What has been done in similar situations... just so I can know as a referfence.
Hi I'm looking for legal rights to be taken
I think I am good for now. When does the chat service close?
Good afternoon I wanted information on what lo options I have .
so cool  thanks so  much  I will complete the survey!
Am I able to not have a payee, or it simply be myself? Hope that makes sense
I dont even know ow where his mother is.
I have full custody. Is that the same? Is it considered him having given up his parental rights?
Our daughter is 9 now and only time he see her is on cam
(that is question one, can work on that first before going to the other)
ok thank you very much ill read it and follow now.   Thx and take care
ok  thank you so much .. this is any day right!?
ok thanks i'll just wait i guess
Awesome. Thank you so much. Lol it’s okay, no biggie 😊
Hello. Thank you for your time.  Just a quick inquiry
Thank you. Im still here when you're ready
Okay, sounds good. Thanks for your help. Don't work too hard!
Hello, im new to this whole process
When I called them they told me to use the EDDS system.
i was seeking information in regards to the CAP program is there anything you can tell me about it or how to apply?
lie that was told abut making more thani was
Yeah. Thank you. I'll wait. Because i have a few more break minutes
Is there a cost for the consultation? I can't tell from the website
for a teacher what’s does it mean to have ACS case?
U help me alot, appreciate the help now time to make sum call nd search around
I just want to know how long is the process is going to take
My landlord is asking me to pay full amount or he told me I have leave the office immediately, what to do in this situation?
And secondly, do you have a database on rules and info regarding preferential rent?
You did a great job!! You responded very quickly and effectively. Do you have any questions for me?
sure! Thank you so much! Take care!
Yea I just was hoping to get some answers before we get legal
Thank you so much Nicole, you are giving us hope :)
I live alone and have nowhere to go suggestions?
that after 5 years will give you green card?
I think they're busy, I'll come back when I have more so I don't keep you waiting. Thank you!!
is there a legal penalty for attempting to get my wife to certify for me?
:) sorry, I don't mean to be impatient.  I am at work and thought maybe  you had been waiting a long time for a response.
Perfect, thank you!  Is there nothing that I can search on line?
It appears that the woman's goal is to get him fired.
He was born in Michigan perhaps they can still help me or direct me to the correct service there.
thank you I guess I'll give them a try but if they tell me they can't help who do I turn to next
Great! Thank you so much!  This is super helpful!
Hey I have a compliance conference today can you tell me exactly what that is
Being biased towards a party is discrimination, correct?
That was my only question. Appreciate you help. Have a good day!
Do you get credit for WEP, Work Study, and whatever type of work performed?
Thanks you. I wait in your respond me to all this case or expedient.
Do you have a recommendation on where I could go tostart my search?
none yet i need a direction to go
i don't know.  i  want to know my rights.  does that tell me?
ok, thank you, its a great starting point for me
The state chosen as meet midpoint mentioned a report could not be made on their end.
nowhere on that page does it say to change way of pay etc...
I just need to look at one to see what they look like ?
Ok thank  you so much.  These would be ok for Queens?
We have received in writing that ”non compliance will risk SD return”
If i pass thr back ground check i can move in it may the 1st
Obviously I definitely need the last two
Can I receive reimbursement or I have to pay in case lock problems?
so she is legally able to move with my son over that long distance?
Ok that's good to know! Thanks!
also, If i do not need authorization do I mush arrange pick up and drop off? or it can be him doing it to?
I’ve done the money judgement and nothing was done in the past.
And yes, if you have a referral or three, I would definitely like them.
perfect, thank you so much, let me open it
Although it’s pre-k , he was already in school here.
Thank you. I would love that. As I need to act soon.
I assume you weren't able to find a place closer
This time they replied, and confirmed that both 1) and 2) will be done.
i hope so.  it is hard to get that doc certified at this time
Let's leave this open and i can ping you if a question comes up.  Thanks
Ok great! Any chance these sites cover grandparent rights?
I d/k where to go...but i never heard of that. Is that true?
Great ! Do they usually help with matters of this nature?
Ok it doesn’t matter if it’s non essential...
I was told by a 312 operator that I can get some answers to my questions here
I saw a chart that had percentages, bit it was confusing. Stayed anywhere from 30,000 to 40,000.
Ok great, thank you so much! I'll follow up with those two and see if they can help.
how ill that work if the corts are closed . Any idea?
and also if the center is open for walk ins
i need legal assistance , this the right place?
What about the amount that is in my CSEU account? Will that amount change prorated from any deduced amount?
do you know any websites I can find out the barred time issue?
A foot in the right direction would be great. Thank you
i didn't see anything about going out of state.
My question is, do I not have rights in this situation? Can I really be made to move in the middle of a pandemic?
Yes, the other will be 21 next month. However, one is already 22.
Oh thank u so much. will check it out
Could you tell me where I need to go to see if
But the payment is made online...not through any of the options listed
have a 3k judgment in my favor, order does not say plus interest.  can I collect interest?
Thank you..if I fill them out how long does it take to get them served
yes it does.  a ton.  THANK YOU. stay safe!
I have a general legal question regarding a matrimonial action.
You recommended legal services of the Hudson valley, and I said that they were the ones that directed me to you
When should I be served? They said today "hopefully", but still nothing from anybody. Who serves me? How long does it take?
Do you even know if it might take more than 60 days?
my question is can a school hold a diploma and not give to the intended recipient? Upon being promoted in grade?
Is there any specifications on how much space is needed? Does each child need their own bed? Or their own room?
Your help has been amazing!!!! I'll take the survey now. I hope you have a great evening, you just made mine better!!!
and thank you for the empathy, I saw your note, yes it sucks.  :)
is it true late charges can be no more than $50 or 5% ?
I want to get her name ! What’s your bosses or supervisor number/email ?
i hope they help me out...im in a critical situation
I would appreciate if you could point me in the right direction
Ive made several attempts and no one is available.
no rush. I have a PhD and spent four hours searching. I can wait as long as you need!
Would you happen to know who to call to see if he's been disbarred or retired?
got it. Thanks again. No more questions, have a great day.
Thank you!! I really appreciate your understanding of my circumstances.
yes, if you give me a resource number, I will pass it on to her.
You are not telling me anything that I didn't know already
I called them and that's the loop I entered was unending with no person to help after waiting ad finitum...
Thank you! Do you have any other recommendations in case they are unable to help me?
Yes perhaps, I just want to ensure I am doing it correctly the first time
take your time, no rush, thank your for your help
Yes around 10 yrs ago in sept 2010(estimate date)
after doing this process I would imagine it’s just a waiting game until they are able to see me or call me, right?
yes. But they never asked me where he works or where he spends most of his time
Is custodial interference the same thing as  a show cause?
Sure. FYI I never applied or took any types of benefits from anywhere.
Oh ok that is good to know, as long as they could still help me
Thank you very much Molly for your help!  I will look into it
Yes. I know. Makes me remember why i went in the first place. 15 years ago.
Yes but also info on what information about me this chat tool uses?
Are you helping people with 8 years or more to het home?
Well by law they shouldn’t so I guess I will wait. I hope there good about being timely
Awesome! Thank you so much! I'll give him these options!
The service allegedly took place in January 2020, before pandemic.
I see it says 30 days, but do  I get an additional 10 days
Please, take your time to read the following:
thanks for your help I will follow up, these list and procedure,
Excuse my slow response and any errors there may be .
will child support most likely be involved in that or that would also be  a separate case?
does public charge affect green card holders?
He shows up when he wants how do I get him to make scheduled days?
Does this sound like I should take legal action?
I am very new to this, and i have no direction of how to go about starting this process
Ok. Thank you. Any suggestions which firm should I call first?
I see. thank you for pointing me to the right direction, I will give them a call to find out more.
(these are great links - just a suggestion, click the down arrow on the send button)
The DA said I didn't need one
is there a help center that i can make an appintment with? call?
I was wondering how can i apply for primary costudy for my child and from what age? How early can i file for it?
yes there are so many forms I want to make sure he does the right one.
Sounds great! Thank you so much, I truly appreciate it!
Hello how much salary minino 2021 !
Ok, hold on, let me look at the first one real quick
No l on the right path. Have a great day.
Thanks. I'll look into them. Have a great day!
We haven’t seen one another since that day
so it's after June 20. that's what I need to know.  thank you.
at what age does the judge allow the child to indicate who they want to live with?
I agreed to take him for two weeks to try an alternative.  Now the kid doesn’t want to go back
Is 4 years a considerable amount of time?
wait, never mind. think it's all good!
I continued to work and now am due for my next check and she doesn’t want to give me
90 days from February 19 for federal court the state is two years
Thank you so much Meghan you been so informative and I truly appreciate these leads I will intelligently exercise and move forward with this matter
Ok great! Yes exactly! I need to retune my organizing skills too so here's a start! Thank you!
I will go to the 2 referrals for direction ... top line insights
she said doesn’t make the decisions and that I would hear from them she fist tell me when
I'm going to go in the site as soon as we're done..
do you know if an adjunct teaching position is temporary or part-time?
I’ve called multiple places and no one seems to handle anything like this? So I’m just not sure what to do
No, Thank you I have so much and I will begin to look into it. I appreciate your time and patience. Be safe!
Okay thank you does it take long to process
Thank you so much!  Your much my appriciated!  Have a great day!
Thank you.. sorry it took so long to reply. Thank you again, appreciate it.
Have let him know that -- thanks very much for the prompt responses and help.
Would i receive confirmation that it would be allowed in time?
according to Title 2, Section 511, Subd. 5 i think i should get
4 months, it has been 11 years and over 2 months
How long does it take after you do this to get a reply back.
He finish in 4 month the year incarcerated. His almost done.
ooh ok! So maybe it will more safe for me to wait until I find my own place first then
perfect thank you! thats what i was exactly looking for
Ok I'm going to start right now.
Great.  I have to go back to work.  Thanks.
Thank u Emma! You’re awesome!
excellent, so you recommend us to start firs with this contact?
I've looked up my rights. And I am completely broke. But sure
How do I found out who’s name is on the house I live in?
around 2-3 offices I dont remember the name of the organisations.
You did a great job! There is a closing canned response to send at the end. Do you have any questions for me?
they only lived there for a little over a month still applies??
I have 2 issues. Give me a minute I just need to go to a private area
Thank you!  When I saw hotlines-I thought it was something different.
this is very helpful. I appreciate it. I dont think I'll need the hotline. thank you so much!
yeah i called both and was told i didn't qualify
Ok no worries. I will go ahead and try it.
I just need my voucher. I’m disabled and can’t work
i dont really know the process or what needs to be done
And specifying the overall condition of the unit the date it was vacated?
I think we need to do another practice chat before you start, OK?
yes. i receive the summons last friday and am not sure how to respond to it or where my response should go.
i can’t really wait 4-6 months to get finish
Great, you’re the best! Tell them you deserve  a raise!! lol
Finally, is 141 Livingston st., open for questions  like this.
worst case senario a test is ordered what are the next steps]?
Local Authority said nothing can be done.
Awesome!  Thanks you so much Shelby   Have a good day!
I'm checking back in 2 min to see if you've replied
no i think you have pointed me in the right direction thank you
I see and that doesn’t need to be done know to be proactive?
That's okay I am not rushing you. Take your time.
THANK YOU.  IT WAS AWFUL.  IT HAS BEEN AN AWFUL TWO YEARS.
So that means there’s nothing I can do at this point, just have to wait for them to reopen, correct?
Is there anything called Free legal help?
just one las question are those legal office free?
I want to make sure i am not supposed to be doing something to initiate the session.
Are pro se litigants obligated to appear virtually?
Ok thank you I will look into them now and see which best suits her needs...God bless🙏🙏
What did that mean exactly? Does that mean they were seeking money from me, or for me to just vacate the aprtment?
I definitely need legal aid; can you point me in the right direction?
Okay, thank you, can you tell me what there hours of operation are?
I guess I am an idiot, because I just found it - is that adequate for personal service?
Is there somewhere that shows what forms I would need to start this process?
If you don’t know - can you refer me to a quick free resource?
no, I meant was each one to deal with this issues separately.
Possibly, can't find anything about the fines? Its ok
How long would you estimate for the court to provide a court date?
Awesome thank you so much are they going to be able to lead me in the right direction if they can’t help
I am not sure how long any process for extending my stay would take
Does the other person get evaluated for the amount of wages brought into the home?
No that is great! Thank you Jarrod! Have a great night!
Ok thanks so  much - no Anthony Rodriguez? Really appreciate the help!
He says that he going to help me if I go back, but I don’t want go back I know him !!!
Would you mind taking a look before I tell her it's god to go?
I’d like my father to give up his rights where do I go to start the process ?
The Bank told me a "quiet title" was started.  Not sure he was using correct verbiage.
Do you have that data ( percent of cost of living increase since 2015 until present)?
I'd like to consider active duty.
Click the arrow next to the send button and you can change the setting there. Are you able to change it?
If there were examples of what the notice would look like when it was completed correctly would be very helpful
No that's a good place to start! Thanks!
We want to do this is in quickest way possible so we can get it done before he deteriorates anymore
6 months to a year - definitely not less
One last question what if they don't my renewal?
Wait one second, ill finish
You have to change the setting - there is an arrow pointing down next to send. You can change it there.
thank you so much Michael.  Have a great day.
Perfect. Really great option. Have a good day!
(don't make me do the work - that's your job!)
Thank you very much. We will start there and see which direction to go from that point.
Ok no problem. Do you know the turnover period for when they would get back to me on my case?
Yes; that sounds great. But mainly; the help I am needing is to what I should do next regarding how to respond to this....
Exactly! So I want to go about this the right way.
Right, I just cant seem to find anything. Not sure if im looking in the right place
Okay as long as the company is license I guess is safe
last question will they hear it on the same day or depends on magistrates calendar???
Sorry. I read it quick from bottom i thght it asked for my name
it says the blank should be the name of individual person served
Ok ty very much but the wed sight u gave me will it help me
Thank you very much, Erika. Have a great night!!
are they processing these forms or is it taking a long time?
I dont know. Thats what i want to find out. What it was about
Ok thank you.  Yes agreement to stay the same.
17% sin importar todos los gastos del niño????
yes...can you help direct me towards the proper subject matter? ...is this a civil liberties case?
Thank you so much! You’re awesome! 😄
I expect it to take longer than 3 months
But it stated he gonna do something. Cuz he feels im playing  when he still receives payment of some way
I already talked to one of his colleagues and, for security reasons, he would not tell me anything.
I misunderstood what this service was. I know how to search the courts Catalog.
Thank you so much! This is really helpful 👍
Right now we are having a hard time agreeing. I guess I will have to wait and see if we can actually agree
He's constantly doing this to  her and never shows up for anything
Oops.  That's right.  Sorry.  Perhaps you can direct me...
Hi Matt! I just wanted to test if the chat function was still being manned over there
And I'm approved. My question is about certifying each week.
Hello I am here because I need to search for a particular law or the existence of it
No you been great ! You and your love ones be safe and have good day !
i just wanna make sure whether there is any courst cases against me or not?
I have to go to a meeting now, thank-you! I will look into those resources.
Thanks, have a great day. Much appreciated!!!
Thanks. It’s terrible. Not sure I’ll make it...
Take your time. Lol. I’ve been looking for days
At the age of 16 am I able to just leave if one of my parents has residential custody?
Do I need a expediter to get things going faster ?
ok! no one at yr organization can advise me of what documents i need?
Good morning. How can I start the order of filiation?
Oh I appreciate your help very much - completely understand!
Good afternoon. How do I go about getting my case transferred to California?
I don’t want to travel and then be told I can’t enter the building...
Wonderful.  Thank you so much.  We're just happy to have a place to start.
not exactly. I'm looking for something more comprehensive
Bladder mesh, mass tort, ( whatever that means,)
and  I told services  give me a year and I will do whatever you want me to do
Yes I know it’s short notice.
I need to be pre certified first ? How to apply
Hi my name is Lily I need help and assistance!!!
The same problem i will screen shot it and try that wat
20 years old, going on 21 at the end of this year
It’s pretty much a yes or no question...
Can you type faster ? Wait a long time to get response
Cause I'm not sure what the difference is between the two.
It says book mark this tab, thats the only thing I see
This address situation has happened 2 different times
If you don’t want to do your job get another 1!!
oh really would they give me a list of places of where to do
Not yet, wanted to know my rights first
great thank you so how do you suggest I go about conveying this message in the most polite way?
That's okay, im exploring all options.  Thanks for your time.
It depends Who can give me free help to get this done properly
I will visit these sites. I think I’m set for now. Thank you again for the help!
I'm I also covered under section 233
Ok great, I appreciate your time and help!
of course, sorry didn't read far enough.
can you point me in the right direction for legal advice?
25 years ago was a long time, lol...
It may take a few years for my priority date to become current.
do I need to respond ? if so I need to know how to respond
It came back undelivered. Can you confirm I have the right one?
(tetsushi - we are going to need to finish this another day.  can you complete this on Monday?)
Jane, God bless you and keep you from harm, forever and always. I will take the survey.
I believe it’s the most genuine help I've received in months, so I think it'll be helpful! Thank you and take care!
When you say "the following two" are you referring to the two you've already shared?
Where do we start if we feel she’s in an unsafe place
Great, thank you! That's all I needed today.
you are first human in long time, proud parents, i am sure
so I hope her age doesn't take away from that
Okay, thank you for pointing me in the right direction!
I spent 6 days searching, NOTHING!!!
After 20 years, does this sound like a fair deal?
