Ok thank you I'd love the referrals
I have my documents ready to file my order of protection. how do i deliver them online
I would like to know how to efile my electronic testimony
or if it's important to keep those two arguments separately
Says diy forms are not e-fileable,  just curious how I can file
will you please email to me this state statements above mentioned for my records.
My question is will the judge frown upon me talking out our options
when im clicking the wesites you sent me nothing happens
well its not gonna help me if she's not keeping me ..informed..so what do i do then
he was a great man. highly respected. gave hundreds of jobs due to his position
Offhand do you know if I can do e-z filing with this case?
(This is a general referral. Please send two referrals from the "Find a Lawyer" tab as discussed in Session 1 training)
Hello, I just had a couple of questions about my rights as a furloughed employee
Hello. I’m seeking representation for a social security hearing. I am currently waiting upon a court date
Hi Kiana, Strike Three LLC ask my previous internet provider for provide my information to them
Because those organizations are for worker's comp cases right?
but alone is all I feel.... no #me too.... 'just me'....  facing a mountain of steel
We have joint. Father lives in another state.
so i dont always get social interactions well
Okay thank you. I saw that it was contingent on specific state rules so I wanted to verify
Yes , is private throw property management office
We had problems with mices and all he did was give us traps but that was not jelpib
Does the father have the right to prevent me from taking our children out of state for a weekend getaway? No court order
I informed my attorney today and was informed that a retainer agreement was going to be created.
(remember the hundred of orgs I mentioned that can help? do you remember where to find them?)
he has been with me since going on 2 years of age and was always under me
How do I go about changing my lst name and my childs last name
Yes, I haven't seen this pop up for live help before.  Is this a new service
Her AO was very specific as to Judge's order due dates after March 13th being due date + 90 days.
Sorry, SCR. State Central Register
I am looking for information regarding termination notices
She has 529 college fund in her name that we were gonna use to start out lives
now a month later i got a call from hr stating that they are offering me a position full part or per diem.
i am looking for the DIY financial affidavid for court
Do you know how long it takes for a holdover case
where can i get termination of notice form to start a handover case
I want to know how can  i drop an order of protection in nys
his offer was leave or get rid of dogs
are there any specific DIY forms regarding Parental Alienation?
Thank you. I was told there is a DIY modification form? Do you know where I can find this form?
Are you familiar with how NYS prisoners deal with their finances?
thank you and this is number is for small business owners right?
Plattsburg is way to far away and I already talked to the other place...all their attornrys are beyond my finances
but i guess there are guidelines for what the deposit can legally be used for so i’ll start there :) thanks again!
Hi, just confirming that i cannot start the virtual consultation until the client has signed on.
So just click the x in upper right hand side ?
Where are the NYS laws is there a different website i should be referring to?
Thank you, I would also like a legal referral.
I have a license in clinical social work i am presently on ssi and have not worked for three years
taking money from two different jobs
I am suing a bank and i need help with representation do you do that? or help with filing papers?
Interesting…, So how in the world would I have familiarity with EDDS when I'm not even versed in legal matters
Ok could I ask for money for duress and being moved out her just to be left alone
Because I havent get any notification for any other court date yet
Hello i would like help filling out my renewal for DACA.
I get so many letters from credit relief companys
a friend just informed me about it I just don’t knobbiw to go about it
Response time from you is delayed. Got to catch train, as leavng work, now.
I already sent the DIY forms to court in September and I heard nothing back yet what else can I do to stop it
My internet dropped for a second, so I'm hoping we are still connected!
I need assistance with advance directive planning
Oh I already have the NYCB referral service
It’s about a furniture contract I’m disputing
I called them first. According to their recording they are not handling these matters at this time. I will try the website you provided. Thanks.
Thanks, I am taking screenshots now to have the phone numbers and websites.
Need help with e-court hearing date
i need two or  three months to loking new apartment for my familt
Thank you! I’m going to inform him that he should atleast talk to someone so they can document it.
I would like to but I cant afford to so I would like to find all the DIY forms
Oh ok this is helpful and resourceful. Thank you. So sorry may have to disconnect. Sorry.
Yes. I'm sorry. They told me www.nycourthelp.gov is that right?
Going around in circles. I want NAMES.
Great help can we speak again if I need more inquiries?
Thank you for so many great referrals. This is very helpful.
I don't at the moment I am in contact with the Unity House and they are going to assign me one next week
I need a lawyer for a civil rights Case with Airbnb
but I assumed, beforehand, that it would have been under review already
I receive government assistance and don’t know where to turn for help and this is all new to me
Riverhead is much closer but I wanna make sure I get scene.
Hello there , I believe I was talking to you about my issue in nyc about back pay ,
tfhey are unmarried but own home together and have resided together their for almost 11years together at least
But no there is zero communication and zero compramise and total alienation
(You did a great job! Normally, you would send the closing canned response at the end of the chat)
I’ve already started to speak with you , you were going to give me info on wage garnishments
Thank you so much, I will look into using this DIY form.
K I’m good I’ll tap it thanks
Thank you. As far as they living with me now is there any repercussions as them not wanting to go back to her?
Good morning. I'm looking for a lawyer to help my father add my brothers to his deed.
I'm on SSD & very tiny retirement of $601.
was open in the end of june but they never hired me back
theperson lives in queens sorry for late reply
Great thank you so much for ur help. No computer just a smartphone
But the DIY form wont allow the date to be past 1990
ok thank you i already have those references but was looking for any other avenues available
there are no visible marks , but a lot of phsycollogival avbuse
I need to get certified copies of my name change order, where can I go to do this?
I'm being harmed because they will not consider monies earned in 2020.
It’s a basic agreement through Putnam County NY I have been hearing mixed stories that’s why I am here
Hi there - is there any assistance happening for freelancers in NYC?
How can I go about to change my new born frist name?
Also those societies do not offer free legal advice. They referred to attorneys who would need to be paid.
Those are the 3 referrals your colleague gave me, they don’t work
(I think that program has expired. also, just recommend adding a space in between the referrals too)
I have some questions regarding apply for green card base on marrige
Is nys a single party consent for voice recordings?
should i go to the town clerks office to get the forms?
Duly noted, got it.  Thanks for the referral!
Need some additional advice upon breaking leader before court
One notable exception may be Peter, who does a podcast there
as well as social media posts to time stamp it on an external source from social media's servers
she is ready for school and i need to get the last name updated
Yes. How do I request a duplicate copy of the Certificate of Appointment of Guardians.  I need a  copy with the raised seal.
And they let others in like delivery people
In one day I spoke to 12  different representatives
Mortgage company told me a quiet title action was started about three weeks ago
I’m doing a petition form and don’t know what emp mean and atty
So can I get help on phone I'm afraid with covid to go on subways.
Yes I do. Do they schedule hearings via Skype?
I need a notary.  Do you know of any virtual notary services?
I already did the diy form amd downloaded
I did right it down. Than k you so much. Yes please give me the hotlines with emails, please
Hello I would like to finish part B of my uncontested diy divorce i started last year how can i do that
Can actual virtual person help me file HP today before something happens to me?
Hi, I'm not able to click on the "Start Virtual Consultation" button
That would be lovely. Im low-income so I feel as if they have targetted me on purpose somehow.
I feel all 3 should be inspected and treated by a professional
I don't know if I'm able to inform you of that or not??
Hey just wanted to see what options you can give me for the referrals
Todi would like to register for the virtual discussionay @6:00pm
Thank you again. This has been so much more helpful than Googling random resources
He has a business and has repeatedly delayed coming to complete this fence work
Yes. I need/want professional help.  That's why I am here.
i cannot remember where the forms are online to DIY tsupport enforcement and
Yes for stealing my electric  nyseg has proof he has stole it also
So go to blue create account? Not green get started option?
ok. Thank u for ur time and I really appreciate ur help
V-docet from a cps closed cased i have finshed all programs n classes i needed to
Hi Katie,  This is Aimee.  I'm doing practice chats.  Will you please transfer this to me?
Doesn’t matter as many as ur able to
Also this harassment is happening from overseas via electronic means
she received 2 deposits today and her regular benefits come tomorrow and I think she'll receive the other benifits tomorrow if not later today
I made them take the public pretender off my case he was not helping
smh now I need my own place and have to start from nothing
Or if there are diy urgent motion forms I can file online
And just looking as I mentioned to turning legalize into English for me to be totally clear on my understanding of just a few secitons.
Thanks! And how do they respond to OSC filed thru EDDS? By email? By phone?
i want this information because i don’t have any papers or nathing that have the date he need to start
Hi Fadi, this is Aimee.  I'm doing practice chats.  Could you please transfer this to me?
there are DIY forms, but we own 3 properties each with 2 apts so it says you cannot use those forms
Yes they have been in the back of my head.... I just didn't want to be told to just go through small claims.
Basically I just want to make sure I'm putting the correct information because if there is any mistakes it will get over thrown in court
Yes I'll inform her....Ok great thanks for everything
i signed because i was preassured and he threatened me to take my kids away
every 2 weeks I send the full amount through expertpay
I was saying I am not familiar with US law on cs and federal documents
HotheCounty Exec will will give opening remarksw can I register for the discussiono
He works for the NYPD and I am a project manager for a UX company
When they removed that person I assumed everything was resolved. Wasn't notified of any more issues concerning the removal.
since courts are mostly doing virtual hearings
How do I get a public aide to hrlp me before I sign any papers
(Hint: Send me two legal referrals under Find a Lawyer - do you remember how to do this from the first training?)
So I need to put motion for lack of service?
I cannot seem to find it anywhere and it is not specifically listed in directives I have found. Thank you
Yes, he has a tendency to ignore messages and is great at making threats
Is there a similar form for another nyc cout?
I read this in Public Assistance and liens article published by Legal Assistance of Western New York, Inc.
I'm in suffolk cty. I just want to know if records that date back to 2004 would be available
YES, (obviously I already explained I'm not asking you for legal advice I'm asking for a legal referral)
Sure. I'd like to know if my situation could be considered as constructive discharge
We got a notice to quit evection on friday
okay, I'm fine to hang out a while longer
You did a great job! For the referrals, you could send the legal referrals from lawhelpny
I'm looking for a DIY form. Writ
No transfer is necessary. I heard that there is a DIY modification form. Do you know if this exists?
Wonderful!  Thank you so much Lindsey!  I appreciate your time and the information you have shared, especially the referral list.
im just depressed i cant find any good hot lines
If it's not too much trouble. I can try to get referral from them too. Thanks for your help
I had known him for about a year and hung out together with other friends together a few times
I see. And if interim relief is requested and approved - how would I receive the signed OSC? By email?
I'm being sent in circles... not sure what to do... just called 6 agencies
Thank you for your help. I will follow the link for the diy forms.
(Try not to send the general referral page. Type out the referrals. See this example from Task 1:
I need mailing address for paper application for rrp
I want to set a video conference court appearance
Yes any information to help me move us out and get our money back from pain and suffering and all the money ive spent
I used a DIY form and sent it off  it was 11 pages long I didn't get a receipt
i need diy forms and the site wont let me aaccess them
I was very ill from Dec to May with flue like symptons and missed 1 court date on esh case
i need form affidavit of voluntary adminstration
First stop I'm in Northern California
(I know we have referrals for certain categories - but I think this question might make someone uncomfortable)
because courts are closed, how long does the online DIY form process take
Oh okay - yes, you can click on global settings, then go to canned messages - then create a canned message under private
That would be great if you can refer me to someone else
It's like a switchboard getting information, with no direct help
(its a mix of hotlines and full legal service)
Dr. Mark Hamby owns EVERYTHING
I submitted a violation months ago, but have not heard back, only that they were not taking them at that time
Would they reclassify me as self-employed or bump me off Ui?
I suffer from Chronic Debilitating Intractable Migraines so can you please email me the information
(Legal Referrals - always try your best to send two)
I need a lawyer for my upcoming edds case dec 7th
He doesn't help or give the babe food or clothing or medicine
21 in August. Are there diy forns to complete termination.
i don’t really need Kansas law info, just basic legal language in general
I wish you knew where I could get a Discharge Upgrade lawyer for my US Navy discharge.
We had a baby together in may, we’re no longer together a
ok, thanks, which form should I use? DIY form or the pdf. one?
Yes, I'm forgetting the right legal term for this, sorry.
Ok what about any services to help me get the pandemic relief  funds or someone who could assist me in filling a schedule c
the case is frivolous but i don't want to loose by default
I just need to know what site they use for virtual court
I dont have a open case I respectively deposit $150.00 faithfully every week
Yes how long after order of filiation will I be notified of any changes ?
And soon I'm gone star working
I only got a document number from them stating they received it thru edds
Always try two send two referrals as well
Oh ok, so you cant tell me if there are DIY forms available on the website to do this?
It is such short notice, and I have a little one on virtual learning etc.
(Always send the closing canned response)
When her public assistance case close I stopped sending money to dss and started to send money directly to her
cause I’m in the military and currently on a rotation
I know different states have different laws
Thanks Molly you have been an excellent  Chatter box Have a Great Day
aren't there any free attys to help someone in my situation?
and/or refer to lawrence marks memos on court closures it's very clear
I sent in documentation through online I believe e files. Not sure. But haven’t heard back
I’m looking for legal advice on a mold issue
Usually I just hit virtual consultation to start and it won’t let me.
When sending legal referrals, it is good to go on this page
I i need help finding a lawer to help with deed transfer
since January that’s what I can see on E-track “Pre-RJI”
Have a great evening. Looking forward to the referrals.
I would like to print a diy form
Okay noted. I’m interested in pro bono housing orgs
i need something more official for underwriting purposes
His Mom is his I forgot what you call it. She's in charge of making all his decisions
(Please save the chats under the N/A tabs for the exit survey.)
Okay the troopers are who took it so they aren’t going to be ass holes to me ?
do you know where the saved files would be from 2017/2017?  same user name
and all that's left is checkign boxes and putting in address information
Possibly -- I would like to be able to refer her to one or more resources she could consider.
In November of 2014 I believed I was signing an auto loan with Santander Consumer USA for a $15,000 car.
I would really appreciate a referral hopefully not too expensive
I was just served with 7 day notice of termination.
thank you. i am awaiting legal representation but it seems that all the agencies are backlogged.
USPS has stopped delivering mail to my building in the Bronx.
becuase when i go into the webside is directing me to a program
Long list of non stop breakages
I kept leaving messages for white Plains lawyer referral but they didn't return my call.
Order of show cause? Can i find that online with the other docs
i was recently informed that I will be let go on 2/1
As administrator of my sisters estate I would like to know if it is possible to make partial distributions of assets to beneficiaries
the father just reached out to me today that he wants to pick up the kids this Sunday
My only feedback is that you should always try your best to send two referrals
Gmhc knew what he was doing he never got fired
I would like to know how to send EDDS forms?
It’s just the wording of the questions that is confusing. I need them interpreted to laments terms
Yesss my lil girl has special needs
Hmmm... A lot of my messages are being cut off in the middle...\
ok ty much and stay safe
I am looking for a DIY form for “responsive motion”
NYSBA LRIS referred me to New York City Bar Association.  Looking in my records for others.  Give me a minute.
I just hwd the baby for 3months and my company give a layoff letter
i work at hiv law project! i do not know how to update the listing b/c it was last updated in 2014
I am interested in getting information on how someone would become a financially emancipated student.
whats the precedent in situations like these.. with a definat 19 year old
Okay thank you for the help in pointing me to the above organizations!
They should call it Gaslighter Ministries, that's how screwy they behave
Would I get paper work sent to my employer to stop wage garnishment or do I need to do something myself?
But that has since changed we split time 50/50
Oh ok, thanks for that I am just opening these tabs and I'll take a look at them
Fuck talk whole team bitch
TY, Andrew!  TY so much!!  I have been stressed to pieces about the thought of losing them
I am now have the concerns of agents coming through my place to do a Virtual videos .
hi Minah, this is Aimee.  I'm doing practice chats.  Could you please transfer this to me?
Yes and Blumberg law forms doesn't even have the new forms
i just have a few questions regarding a private placement adoption
is there an alternative like a public notice in a newspaper or the like?
Hi Tolga I dont know if you remember me
we are tenants in a co-op with bed bug extermination, is this a case you can handle
I believe i am a member fot one month on your site
after review, these hotlines do not serve my NY area. are there anymore?
I need some legal advice about NYC OATH
we have already found the legal name change for minor form
Maybe they can refer me to someone who can help. Thanks again.
OK You may want to let the programers know that ony 3 of the 4 forms print out
They even sent me a letter about job abandonment. When I been communicating them back and forth about my situation.
I have reached on to my union, but haven't received a response yet.
(Nope! So no worries! It just shows three dots which represents that you are typing)
She just sent me a message that Brooke gave her guardianship of my unborn baby? Is this legal?
i cant even find printable forms
it’s effecting me, I can’t get better jobs because of a fingerprint check
Yes, I'd also be interested in a general referral. thank you
No, that's all. I'll disconnect after click the links you've provided.
I would even settle for an example of a similar situation or even a section of any legal doc regarding this
thanks so much. I’ll take screen shots this time. I really appreciate your help
He is asking if he is to recieving the 1st $100 does that mean his grant funds would decrease?
Having difficulty submitting my financial affidavit through EDDS
I wanted to know if an employer can legally make employees use up their PTO time during a cyber attack shutdown. Thank you!
Nys sent him letters and did not enforce anything
Referrals would be incredibly useful-- this is my first time working with this kind of request
I was sent a summon not long ago but the efile system was not accepting respnses, is that still the case?
can you just tell me if I have a legal right to get monies from him ?
It would be, but I hate to send you off on a wild goosechase :(
I have famly court hearing that Id like advice for
who can i reach out to for help regrading filing a reply to the summons that was served to me?
i am on endless loop i click on forgot passord
Ok I am a past Skadden Arps Slate Meagher and Flom employee
I have joint customdy but I need assistance with gaining primary placement
We feel like we are constantly getting harassed by CPs workers
She had the IVF treatments paid for by an organization (mostly)
Now, where can I find information about old name changes?
Do you know if virtual notary services are still allowed after 8/5?
Hi Armin, this is Aimee. I’m doing a practice chat.
I've been searching for seasonal jobs or other HHA agencies
you seriously just wasted five minutes to tell me that bullshit
After I do the diy form how can I get a video appointment with the courts
(there is a closing canned response - always remember to send at the end of a chat)
Where can I find the link DIY for Roommate holdover?
(please save the chats under the n/a tabs for the exit survey.)
(btw there's a closing canned response)
Now at this point the ACS worker had no choice but to notify CPS in Ohio.
I would appreciate any help you  could possibly give or point me in the right direction of someone whom can actually sit down with me.
I am an MTA employee, working the graveyard shift...any way, they can help via e-mail?
Please tell me  if nyc Office of Collective Barganing can help to get a free attoney if
She is over 21 and finished college.  They just sent me all the bills now
Yes no one is taking NYCHA CASES
Need a lawyer for deed transfer paperwork
Hello is there a way to make appointments online
great minds think alike Mike
I found it pretty confusing online because most of what I found referred to people that were already students last year
Hasa knew an promise to move me and never fb how ui
Need legal advice about a summons for a past car acccident
Yes please as my coop board is insisting on collecting it
I am an injured USPS employee with 34 years
he made threats about killing and i need him to leave
i need help for my daca renewal application i want someone to help me know if i have all the requirements to send it in
I was looking for legal help with small businesses? regarding trademarking?
are there any free legal aides I could schedule an appointmetn with today
I need some legal advise for a stipulation agreement
I am in need of assistance.  Con ed is going to be shut off. I have to feed my 11yr old triplets.
But from March to October im going to be jeopardized
Asserts a 2 month notice.  But I was never told this and signed nothing.
She bounces between a few places so this is the name of the city she plans to deliver in.
looking for the textbook answer to the question. What authority does a designe have if no authority is granted by initialingthe lettered subdivisions
take my response? I e. Alec and called cannot get through. It rings busy
and am really not sure if the DWAI is still on my record, after that long of a time
ok should i still come prepared with my documents even though i am looking to adjourned?
I call social security today and they said that im not going to receive a check
Thx. Have a great night I'm signing out.
Saying that they have group home jobs when he knows that you need these certificates to work there CPR , AMAP, COMPASS TRAINING etc
Hi there, I just had a question about bed bugs.  Should I ask you or?
I would like information on the laws for Surprise Bills
he is disability and and has IOUS totaling over $25, 000
Yes Hi Shannon. I was just given references for legal help from skmek e
I would like to know how to track if the Will was being registered ?
Wow amazing resources and thank you so much
Oh, ok. Well thank you so much for everything. I feel I am much better informed now.
(can you send the referrals in Spanish? - I realize the other page was only available in English)
My question is about my privacy concerns over a Virtual Video Touring
and choose two legal referrals to send
Manhattan but the court house seems to be closed and there are no available appointments on the scheduler site
I'm currently living in Richfield springs, ny
Beware of Lamplighter Ministries ("LAMPLIGHTER INTERNATIONAL INC")
cant just keep using a document if the person doesnt know and is doing the right things
Would my lawyer be notified if I picked up records/
The local utility company is very rude and has an order to disco tune. I am current on the bills
I'm looking for a DIY will form for NY State.
What has the Gov’t done to expedite stamps to people that have lost work?
Honestly issues with multiple state programs and need help
No I need a lawyer to approve my joint agreement
I’m currently homeless and had to move back with my parents here in Galveston Texas... which is a flood zone
is  there any way I ca get these emailed to me mromero421@icloud.com
Yes, sorry that I already shared my name and number.
I thank you for the information.  I'm sure it's up to date and specific to NY
i didn't receive a confirmation number but i did receive a document ID number. Should i give that?
She has been living in NY her whole life so far. 11 years.
It would be just us three and go to different place
I worked 58 hours and my boss paid me 500 dollars. I'm a delivery person so I got tips.
I am all set thank you. I thought I signed off. have a good day.
Can I find a form for public notification on this site
I'm sorry by the way I don't think I introduced myself, my name is Tom.
I set up one to save information, user name, password
So I was exposed... my nudes photos are all over Facebook and Snapchat ....
(you ended the chat without sending referrals)
the process to add a new first name for a child
So I’m assuming it will be me since I’m acting on his behalf
i need help find a DIY form
Please bear with me as I'm not a fast typist
Which DIY form would I complete then? Is it accessible online?
I have a spa business and im in orange zone
Could you tell me more about road traffic laws in nyc please ma’am
This is all literally covering six counties at this point.
I need help completing a custody diy form
Thank you sometimes finding the right human being that just gels with me maybe more important then any specific designation of attouny
I need information on how to go about filing for guardianship of my grandchild who is residing with me.
This is such an overwhelming time with all of his finances and legal documents. I really appreciate being pointed in the right direction
This is my 4th different laywer in 3 years....
its well past that now and I'm still resiveing benfits
Yeah I get messages they are closed I will try again. Thank you
I was served with an OSC last week, Thursday. I have a virtual hearing scheduled for tomorrow morning.
Correct, I believe the summons date is earlier since I received it late.
my claim constantly sent rapidly all over. Even I’m Brooklyn
Hi -- I'm a legal advocate and I'm looking for NYCHA operating materials, such as a guidebook, operating manual, or something similar.
Does NY City and State accept online notarizations?
Make sure you don’t refer me to Elliot Polland.
She cut me off of all joint finances back in July
It may not be a DIY form. I've searched for it and it's just not coming up.
I am missing about 4 weeks worth of benefits they were deposited in wrong account
Do you have a DIY NY State last will and testament form?
I’m a green card holder since 2002
i know you can’t use full names. But first names is fine?
How likely do you think the judge would grant video visits?
I did, using that number you gave me. someone finally picked up and told me that
hI I NEED YOUR ADVICE ABOUT AN ISSUE I HAVE WHICH ALSO INCLUDES HPD
I am scared to ask for help because he always threatens me of taking away my kids
Is housing court open to the public? Would you recommend efiling ?
OK, thank you for your assistance.  When you disconnect, will this page stay open so that I can refer to the above recommendations?
Submitted unemployment form in April and haven't received a call back
It says my user name exists. creating new acct  That is where my original osc are from 2017, can I get into that 2017/2018 account?
Termination of support 21 this august. Are there diy forms
I need help finding resources in tent errars I love in NYCHa
I am unable to find DIY form that pertains to this specific issue
Nobody is taking clients, I've tried that for a long time.
Yes I would like both rights and legal referrals thank you
I would like to get back pay from the time i was put on furlough until the time I returned to USA
i makes me angry cause i sound crazy
Okay, so like it's public information, the thing is that most people probably aren't aware of this information and it could be profitable
I  wont use riverhead,  Listen, please
I would like add a other last name to my toddler name
Ok i would like that it needs to be a attourny that handles tenets rights as i am being bullied out of my business facility
Thank you, I will try them again but they told me because I am a contractor that I would have to file a claim
Nick P (Greek last name I can't remember I think his actual first name begins with an A)
they said there was a place to set up an appointment for virtual assistance but I can’t find that either
The sent the new born all the way to Brooklyn
When I submit for reimbursements he says he never agreed to that
A legal referral would help if you have one handy
These ppl here have titles they can't live up to getting paid to do no wrk at all it's crazy because no one can help
Something akin to the POMS for Social Security. I'm having trouble finding such a resource online.
My ex moved out of NY state and the judge keeps sending  back papers to revise
Ok I would like that info plz
To find information to expunge old records
im 2 months behind and i was told i had to vacate
Hiw do I get papers to appeal my civil case
yes im able to get a list from other websites but its not updated, with which properties are still scheduled for auction or cancled
So, I guess I will log off for now, and I'll touch base with you again to reschedule?
Pls if u can help me with the correct documentation to file on line would be amazing
I’m looking for a transfer to another apartment and state
it said a 10 day holdover notice.
We both have chronic diseases and she's harassing us
I would like a copy of this chat. I will follow the instructions to click on the ellipsis.
Ohhhh I see.  So what are the plea deals for cases like these
that works, I just can't remember who handles this in that area of nY
Okay. Thank you.  You can sign off now. I will be looking for the websites you have given me.  Thanks , Again.
(the first 2 questions are what they shared in the first 2 questions)
Please take notice that upon the annexed affidavit of
oh okay thank I will notified the client do the call 212-343-1122
I'm on UHC Community Plan through medicaid.
I hope you can help, I’ve been looking for resources everywhere.
i  need help with a padilla motion case
PS. I must reply to the startup very soon.
wait say someone adopted my child the father would have to agree?
What? All I need is the DIY form. I don't need a lawyer.
i have done that next appointment id for june
i am having troulble with medicaid transportaion for medical appointmets
Do we need to back out and get our money back?. I am really stressed right now
Well, I’m on public assistance and I rarely get my bi weekly checks.
i appreciate it I just wanted to make sure we were still connected
Yes, it is appropriate to confirm before you send referrals
Ok at this point no I will f/u with the references you provided
America has become worst then third world countries
The person was removed since then, but now 18 months later I receive a preterm notice
I am in need of locating a paper signed by a judge regarding my adoption in 1974. I have the docket #
no - sorry, it's not that. You'd think it would be easy, right? DIY forms aren't anywhere that I can find them
Yes I can use lawyer referrals I want to file uncontested
She is going to load up documents and schedule another session.
I csnt see how they can do this. Its scheduled for disconnect today.
how my boss has given me several checks that have bounced
(Here are 3 orgs that might be able to help:....)
I just needed to get started and in googling, it's just overwheming.  So this is a big help simply to begin.
How to add a last name to a baby last name
For the volunteer program, do I need t o make an appointment or it's walk-in
there was an arrangement placed in 2014 in new jersey
i have adobe. i did click the support button and it verified i have the latest version which is included in Microsoft egdre
Last time I submitted Affidavit of Service via EDDS - they gave me confirmation of filing within few hours
IEP meeting are coming up and I'm tired of getting nowhere.
the Harlem comm law group only serves uptown not downtown
also i have been called the last 2 weeks by the kids to get them becuase he has hit them
I am having a hard time figuring out the new due date
ok i have to go im gettting kicked off the computer '
We have agreed to joint custody in NY when I arrive. We have agreed to sign unofficial documents outlining our new agreement and schedule.
Thank you so much for the DIY form! Yes, I am interested in these referrals.
you're really sweet. Thanks, it's also just, gross knowing they'er waiting for you to slumber to strike.  Eww.  :)
we have some judgements and tings like that and I am looking for help on what to do about them. Some have been partial released
there is supposed to be an email address for virtual appearances
Also I have big medical necessity to be back asap
(Send me two legal referrals under Find a Lawyer - do you remember how to do this from the first training?)
we need to explore how to proceed with a Mechanics Lien
I entered into this verbal agreement with the discussion of this being a more longer term situation
So technically I'm not laid off anymore, but let go
yes to renew the paper to go back to court
she took 50 away because she blamed me for a fedex issue
BUT THE TEMPORARY ONE ALREADY DEFINES WHAT BEHAVIORS THEY CANT DO
and just need to confirm these statements and related questions
oh, I thought you meant you can transfer me to someone.
that is the exact circumstance. she moved back in with me and will be 18 in two months
who do I contact to get a refund from a lawyer I fired
Yes. That is why I need the section from forms that is not on the DIY menu.
i need ongoing assistance with getting to an agreeable contract for both sides
I have been writing everything up for three years and sending it to gethelp@pubadvocate.nyc and ombudsman@dhs.nyc and cenglish at cfth
my question is in regards to NYS unemployment. Is that an area you can help with?
nys tvb in nyc  and others in differt county
Yes this is fine.  I am an EAP Representative seeking resources for a client.
Yes, and get use the online DIy thing because neither party is a mother or father
Hello Daniela there will be a virtual panel discussion on racism @6:00pm
Fuck that is rather go roll a fat blunt thsbks for nothing
so that person who gets repremanded for doing what they were suppost to do.  TRY TO LEAVE A SITUTION and be held back
Hi the FLC says my client is in session but the virtual consultation button is not letting me push it to get into the session.
YES.  That would be great, my email is:   Flyingahull2003@yahoo.com
Wait, let me paste this in the correct order. I was talking in the RAINN chat room and they referred me to this service.
i want to file an order to show cause.  is there a DIY form?
I’ll also called a bunch of numbers from Justia + haven’t gotten any help
I will definitely read it was i think he is a big scammer.  I  wasn't his first but he took me for the most
Your website lists that you help veterans okay thank you
It’s not right and I’m pretty sure that the funds are not supposed to be garnished
he sent an exterminator in March and haven’t heard anyone
I have a reference number from vital records also
I am not having any luck finding proceedures that deal with filing and recording business/transactional documents.
I need to download a copy of moving packet for help to move in sec deposit Albany NY
Can I still reach out to these organizations  even though I  in the Bronx?
He has a 504 and we are trying to get an IEP but it doesn’t look like he’ll qualify for services
Do you know if there is a DIY program on this site for adoption?
There was a new Administrative Order issued yesterday by Hon. Kathie E. Davidson
