I’m sorry Nataliya. My chat refreshed.
Ud me iba a buscar servicios legales gratis
Hace año me casé la persona desapareció y quiero mi divorcio quisiera saber si Uds me pueden ayudar
I dont knoe how to get access to the forms
Ok will I be able to obtain a lwyr for this process
Joe certain .Cam I be that ur legit?
hello Tziona! Yes; I would like to continue...
Please hurry I am embaressed and I damand the law at once
Hello, I am looking for the financial affidavit form
however there are extenuating curcumstances which i believe warrant the change in custody
ok, thank yo uvery much
hi latoya, this is nicky, we just talked about my 96yo mother
Quiero aser una cancelacion de una orden de manutención porque me reconsilie con mi esposo
Ok muchas gracias yo espero
Thank you so much.  What do you suggest, should I reach out lega assistance/ service before Family Law Hotline?
cuando llame me indicaron que llene un papel con mis datos y que me iban a llamar por telefono para una appoiment
Can i still get emancipated if i don't have a job at the moment?
I want to get my son back. But I'm confused on how to go about this considering ACS basically destroyed my life during that case
I keep getting conflicting information.  I guess I will just let them put a lein on my house and assets for 20 years over $1300.
Hi Kiana, yes and thank you so much for your services.
look for a service that will help me get my dog back from the spca
Thank you so much Kiana, I greatly appreciate your assistance.
I tried to call them and no one answered but I’ll try agian
I just finished my chat w/ Sangbo + the referrals don’t work perhaps you can help me?
Thank you! Youre annangel thank you for all your help! How do i save?
A Mental Hygeine Lawer could help me I had one in the past
Okay, I will give the NYSBA a shot tomorrow. Thank you very much.
no problem, take your time!  I'm literally just working on this until teh client meeting, wanted ot make sure the first one went smoothly
they erase familes and rob them of their last dollar
Great.  Thanks.  What about a release form?  DO yuo have access to one of those?
no not at scrie = looking f or assistance before applying
Landlord, neighbor, GMhc, hasa, hrs, the guards
Mind shaeing rhat info with me please
Vale muchas gracias por la información y el tiempo Bendiciones
I dont knoe were to start but ill read now thank u .
Landord is currently harrasing to show the housr
No it's ok thank you for your help that help me alot
I'm looking for an attorney for my ssi overpayment case. That i now live in the uk
Hi Amy I need help ASAP to get my daughter
Chemung County and Yes, but the legal resource here for hipaa violations is "friendly" with the Hospital responsible.
Yo vivo en queens ny
yeah i did. Thank you so much for your help Shabnam
I met with Nathalie Gonzales back in August 2 ,2019 .. is there any way I can assistance today ?
Im wondering legally how much do you do you have to pay on a mecical bill in nys a yr
Thank you i wish i had somewher eelse to go to organizie myself thats the pron
Is this NYLAG offering pro bono services
i need legal help for a daca renewal
My husband Sincere chappelle din 11a237 is seeking legal representation for claim  on neglecligence and failure to protect against NYSDOCCS
Yes pls take ur time.
Si esta bien, lo entiendo
I  need info about the legal status pertaining to my eligibility for SSI while residing in a publicly funded non-profit shelter.
It seeems ehen they heard the word Screi it scars them
My brother Janes Hatcher at the Plaza is being harrassed by staff in the BX rehab.
I don’t want to be emancipated, I want to live solely with one parent
Y el problema que no tengo papeles legales
the nycourthelp people are really nice, but not so knowledgeable, I'm afraid!
And I filed a peition asap after she disappeared... so I have not worry about this... right?
im going thru a cris matter
Yes it is. And unfair to pro se litigants...i had no idea what I was up against. Again thank you!!! Have a great day.
Well he lies and says he’s not working. He literally quit his MTA job. I find it so unreasonable.
A los 3 meses mi esposo fue a buscarme al shelter
Whats it called when dhs wont give children back
Y lo que menos quiero es tener problemas legales
Thank you! You are the best!! I hope ypu have an amazing day
I do not see the disclaimer. Please give me an idea where it is.
even though ssa is sending benefit payments to my son monthly?
need someone with knowledge and experience abbout this particuliar progrgram
si por favor mandame informacion
his name is Juan Antonio Hernández Rosas
Bit im miseribke without my babies
looking for help getting a DUI Expunged and removed from my DMV Abstract.
I was told 8A but cant find it on the nycourts website
i dont know, I went to the NYcourt.gov site
Mu Mi caso está en el bronx
so if i chance my name everything is wannna chance right
I keep asking to be transferred and they Mrs. Thomas director of the VOA CSS program tells me no
My rights to get out of this quorintine so I can get back to work
Hi I need help I have a question about an eatate
ok, thank you so much.  what about custudian because I am a single mother.
HRA in NYC ask me to contact Queens Community House to inquire about Feps voucher due to displacement and expiration of Sota voucher
dont want to apy law firm
The attorney locally said the whole t hing
y la persona que respondio dijo no es mi trabajo
yo tenia una audiencia hoy en la corte de familia dequeens en new york
Y el que está en el army tiene 20 años pero tiene un año en la milicia y aun me cobran
Como solicitar comparecer en línea o por teléfono  en un caso de manutención
She says because IAm living with my baby under his house
and if he overpaid for a few months he cant get that back now, right?
Ok it has something to do with my situation? I'm an inmigrant
Hi. I have a shut  off notice from Con Edison. What kind of papers do I have to bring to hra
I would like information on an information subpoena
Might LawHelp.org be ablke to 'law help' us?
okay sounds good, thankyou so much
Oh, sorry, yes, I would like to continue.  All of the disclaimer is fine.
This is in regards overpayment  from SSI form ssa632
Ps.... I wouldn't dream of suing.  Just so glad I feel better
Hi  my name is Kathi and I m looking for advice about hatrassment
thank you will try Moday have a nice weekend.
yes Hi my name is Yoselin Gutierrez
Yo registre la orden ya.
Okay thank you so much this helps alot
I need to file some ppwk to take her back to court
Awesome news really appreciate ur information thanks and god bless!
Lol that's ok hun 😅
My Grandson doesn't even get the Maximum Amount of Benefits from SSI. He gets $537 a month
Muchas gracias, yo boy a tratar
Ok gracias por su ayuda ... no sabía era solo NY
Present: HON. PETER J. KELLY SURROGATE
Manager lawyer name Terrence whelan
en caso de una audiencia seria por via en linea yo vivo en tx y el menor en ny para resolver la peticion
is the court open to take my repo se.
Oh ok Sr.Enrique Espero por Usted.
My daughter has epilepsy she 20 years old, could she qualify for medicaid ?
I need to find an order to vacate form
Okay, coolhmm, also with a DYI divorce would it be deemed "uncontested" and DIY if there is a chilld
casualmente ayer envié un cheque de 600 y estoy debiendo 323
now how do i get tis to be seen asap honeslty
WHAT THE COURT HAS ME PAYING IS TO MUCH I DON'T EVEN GET THAT MUCH MONEY FROM MY SSI.
Hello good morning. My name is Latisha.
Let me tackle one thing ata time
willdo :-). Ahh groovy, thanks .   Take care
omg I'm so embarrassed I'm sorry
I need to get legal representation ASAP
They came and gave me a 72 hr disconnect at the owners request on Wednesday
Where may I find more specific information about HRA lien reduction for participating in a work program?
Mom also has to waiting 3 years elapse in order to be qualify Medicaid again , right ?
la oficina de víctimas de crimen me dieron este sitio web
I also found out recently that I am allowed to be reimbursed for money they took from my SSD when I was incarcerated
I feel that they don't want to go against big instituion
Basically what I'm looking for a like a Hipaa release, except for court record.
E eles são do estado? Digo não terei que pagar
Puedes hacerlo en inglés mi esposo habla ingles
And her name is something like Sumi Dodds?
yo como madre solo busco darles los mejor para ellos y su estabilidad fisica y emocional
After teh part " why an order should NOT be made as follow"
Got it! I'll book mark it all. Thank you so much for your time. Have a happy New Yera
His name is lowasey and his bussness was parL a8e
Los niños nacieron en República Dominicana si están declarados por el
Thank you so very much, you have been most helpful. I thought it was gonna be a robot haha.
Due to the 90-day NOI rule, will this be extended?
Well that is better news because I didn’t kno what to do before
... and get an official record if there are no liens on my house.
Hello i was told i won a lottery voucher for a hpd building how do i go about looking for an apartment
woot woot thank you soooo much :)
i havent spoken to her in over a week, and i know nothing of her where abouts is thislegal from his part?
how much is chapter 7 im on ssi
They need the dearth certifie...and a documents authority of the steed Cort House
An ACS worker came to our home occ.
Hola ustedes ayuda en casos de asylum?
Hello, Diana. I need to file a notice of claim with nycha.
Well, I was looking for resources for my problem, not specifically NYSBA
he wants vistitation and has been in jail for the last  13 yrs and has made no effirt
Hi, I need to become emancipated from my parents. How do I go about this?
Thank you very much Lanique. Appreciate your help.
Hi, i'd like to know if i can be emancipated at 16
Mi caso es de new york
Do you have the Brooklyn building address so I can make my claim.  Thanks again for your help it was very much appreciated Ms. Eliana.
It's not a one time loan or gift, it's straight up access to his mother's bank account.
HRA DSS wants me to repay a lien that is more than I am receiving
have a great day sorry dor typos
1  me   I get 1371 mo. In ssd deposit
i need free legal servcies i do not make alot
my full name is shazima ramnauth my # is 2012491255
SSDI changed how much the overpayment was and stated
Action to recover monies arisinf out of return od deposit on apartament
pretty serious so they reremand him and give him conswquences that  HE DIDNT DO IN THE FIRST PLACE
I even called the direct SCrei depart at 1-212 863-8494
Is credit given for all work performed to reduce the amount owed on a lien?
How good do you think i would have in cort with thia
Hello I’m looking for a legal aid lawyer to help with SSD
I am the noncustodial as well. Forgot to mention that if it makes any difference
I have had the help from CLARO but they can only offer  a little with not enough time
my mother in law would like to pention full cutody
Si es compliance lado y eso.lo require el. Banco para library dinero que esta alli
Gracias por su ayuda y tiempo!!!!!
ya ella tiene 6 años cumple 7 en enero
hi so how do I determin if I should pettion the court on asupport matter
ok decidí vivir el depósito y buscar un nuevo lugar
now how would i go about serving her the vourt order
i dont really need help with 'backpay'
Idk lol called the number from the site
Sorry my eyes are real soar I been at this for weeks
Hellow my name is Sharon Yarimi and my husband yes
Hello I'm janaya ceasar I'm trying to get information on get emancipated
I actually found out one of their names through our same landlord, sangbo nam
ok thank you have a good day your fiend maddog
the mother have agreed to give me all legal righ
OK thank yu os much!
I want to find out if I need a order of filiation if my child’s father already signed AOP
How to put in a petion to return kids to there parents
Thank you for your help, Latoya. I have no additional questions.
Ok gracias por la información  Susanna
Yes please, though I am unfamiliar with NYSBA
quiero saber si está abierta la corte de familia y cómo debo de hacer para iniciar un caso
I would like to know about the FERPA Act of 1974
Yes that would be fine Pasiley TY again..
Harrassment is usually subtle. One school nurce commended on me and my community in undermining way.
Thank u so much and that's a place that can deal with pa?
I am looking for an sealing for a 15 year old misdemeanor.
So a thirteen year old can get emancipated?
Ok, esto está estipulado por ley
I only received FPUC $ 600 only one time on 4/24/2020 and then no more payment last week.
that won't be necessary . agian thank you for your support
I also worked at Proskauer Rose et al
Yes maybe i can get the paments lower?
I have 4 children in the shelter with me I really just need my foodstamps
I am in need of help fo defend my childs rights this has been going on for much to long
I can see how others might use this as a scam.
Por ahora si lo mas triste que no tengo apoyo por falta de documentos
He is on public assistance and pending SSI. He has no income and has a mental health diagnosis
La petición debo ir o puedo telefónicamente??
when i first came to Ga i had to receive medicaid for my oldest daughter
I dont dont think the chikd is impacted or in any immediate danger
I lauren coppa confirm the initial disclaimer
25 years ago I received a DWAI, misdemeanor.
Hello Fernanda good day, disclaimed noted and understood
AND SHOW DRUUG CHARGE SBEEN DROPPED OR DISMISSED UPON PLEA FROM
Hi i sm looking for the nylag mediatian
but I want if is possible to claim the all the justody of my son
I heard there was a case a few years ago and the money they stopped from our ssd checks , was to be returned
Sorry I pasted message before I seen your message to not say full name.
Yo en el embarazo me separe del padre de mi nino y le puse el apellido de otra persona ami hijo
la renta la debe ser a cargo de quien vive con el niño???
Can my new husband become a parental gaurdian
Is it legal for employer to keep pto time one tempo ation of employment if occurred
solo deseo estar preparado para enfrentar una futura demanda.
es un caso de pedir custodia de un bb
It's a default order I can't afford taken straight from ssdi
so teh bill im rec. is from his private practice
Will getting PUA affect my eligibility for SNAP?
but aps came here.  could'nt get in to my building.
anyghing i get on its diffrent days or just outdated
because when I file the small sate process it was a formal affidavit and they ask if i knew if there was a will.
I-485 sorry for the typo in the first respond
Because she was emancipated at 16 an those charges added up while she was emancipated how can i get those espionaged
Hi I would like to get emancipated I’m 16
Hi my name is Akbar I live in brooklyn
my name is shazima and I have 2 boys I have not seen and would like to vistit
Where we live* - apologies for the typos. We had yet another issue with him today so a bit shaken
I need a lawyer fora medicaid clam and collection.
my grandkids have an ACS case and I want to know what my grandparents right I have.
Ok that would help alot thanks
Is my aunt who wants to do the process but when she went to the court they just gave her a this webside www.nycourthelp.com
Si en Ny en jacksonhigt
Jeremie thank you again. You've been a big help
She receives only SSI and he has her fully threaten if she report him to the police
Trying  to get my lisence  back so I can get to work
y nosotros no lo conocemos y ya tien dos meses
I am 15 looking to be emancipated at 16 and would like to know how to go about that
She is already 4 months behind.. she was already 2 months behind befofe the pandemic
I’m want information about join cuatody
Her first name is Abason if I remember is right
Can a notary public take it? is there aspecail form?
ok my me puede enviar la informacion sobre alguien que me pueda assistir con el caso
ok entonces ahi lo pueden ayudar con la orden ?
Muchas gracias 😊 bendiciones 🙏
incluso llame 7186182155 y me dicen un mom
Yo puedo entrar ahi aunque no avia nacido aki en ny no tiene que ver
Si quiere le doy mi numero de identificación  para que vea que soy una persona honesta  y que su padre
I need help to get my SSI back
Mi número de caso es  PA12867F1
i was tild by police we can do a pettion agreement for him retunring to the house
I send in a form already and no asmwer bacn
My 58 yo brother needs help. He’s on SSI disability and food stamps now for several years.
I need help with my HUDVASH SECTION 8 RECERTIFICATION
They habe one kod but they live apart
los niños nacieron en República Dominicana  y si están declarados por el
Otra pregunta... Sabes si la corte de familia esta abierto? Que horarios tienen?
I need to find out ASAP. I have to turn myself in on March 9,2020
Can you possibly give me a website that you fount or I can lokk
I put in for nycha safety transfer in May of 2019
Called Hofsta university no help ther
I apologize , I thought this services was provided by NYLAG
IT GOT APPROVED RIGHT BEFORE TH PANDEMIC
I would like to know how can I treat pws
Does a will or codicil need notary in order to be considered valid
a homesless 7 month old during a pandemic isnt one?
Evidence within multip agencies but need supena to obrmtain
ISN BEEN 8 BYEAR GOING Bakc and fourth and no on ehelping me
We have a court date for cutody on june 4
pero si consigo abogado tiene que ser de ny
Puedo darle seguimiento por teléfono o puedo presentarme a la corte en persona con los ninos?
(Ravina - olvido que temenos que hablar espanol!)
Okay but how can I get this because I dont know the ssn?
Quiero informacion a cerca de una persona detenida hace 2 meses
I am asking about having the lien amount reduced because work was performed.
Mi hija no tiene mi apellido
I’m almost 6 months preg
I have 4 children, 1 is disabled and I’m on SSDI myself
It's for me. I'm an adult. I work part time and I have health issues so want to see if I can get SSDI
What can i do to fix the arrears too cause i never made $782.92 in a month?
Hello my son received a 13.00 payment for SSI AND 23.00 payment for SSD BENEFITS
I am curious about the per diem position for PPE distribbution... How does one apply?
all these firms are bribed by NY MTA AND ALLSTATE CLAIMS AND MY EMPLOYER  NOT TO TAKE MY CASES
i have 3 siblings however, 2 are very neglectful individuals and looking for a handout at every corner of their lives
El vive en mexico. Y no estamos juntos desde ace años
My employer wants me to take part in a mandatory pooled saliva test as part of COVID protocol.
por que tengo entendido que las leyes de cada estado cambia
esta en dowtown en el 330 de jay street
I claimed less than 3 yeas, but I didn't get eny info
I receved last week -feb 16 a papaer
El certificado debo mandarlo traducir???
La ley como establece las visitas y cuotas de alimentos??? Cada cuánto visitas o cómo es y q valor de cuota??
I have a question regarding a sublease agreement between me and a potential subleasee
Hello, I need assistance involving a NYCHA  apartment I am living in
god bless u and stay sageu
thank you very much tyhat person helped us a loty
also becaus ei was told is is civil
Hi good morning I was wondering where I can get a form so I can get emancipated
I have been out of my HUD apt since february prior to an inspection  in february.
Yes pls I need help  With this situation.
Nasfamily@nycourts.gov..... I just reviewed it I left the r out of courts
especially under COVID and he spits in front of the building
Ok cause she sayin she has a appointment on wensday at 1 how is that true and there closed
I’m getting money Deduct it out of my check
Thank you very much Latoya! Have a blessed evening!
I need to file an OOP against someone who has filed an OOP against me.
No estoy trabajando por dos meses  y no e podido dar lo de suport que tengo y me ba subiendo
I never  was my own payee I had people  use me for my money
I'm just letting you know where it is incase someone else needs it
The LIHTC. Would I find how much it was back in 2014 on the internet
y no me han dado mucha informacion la hermana
oh i see teh habeus corpus one
Can a pos in bus out their name on their mother's deed?
Mi caso es que tengo pagando más de un año y ya tiene 22 y el otro esta en el army
I would like to know howndo ibgo about getting my ex to mive out? He's also my daughters' father. We are not married
Hey Jiayi! Thank you for coming on chat so quickly!
Ok thank you as I'm at pretrial right now.
Ok sorry thought you forgot about me lol
ok so his income is separate then ssa benefits that my son is getting directly fro ssa
Nesecito ayuda.... Como puedo obligarlo a que me ayude con la manuntencion de los niños.
That's great Fadi, thanks very much for your time.
el tambien quiere divorciarse e investigara eso
The link didn't have any information re: POA filing. No forms. Nothing
Hello. I got a bank levy on my account a fews months ago. I don’t know what should I do ?
i see theres a moratorium till aug 20th
My landlord secretly recorded me ive sd card full of vid aud and pics
Hi how do I get legal aide for my SSI case
but it has been almost 2 years since the yesyes
No se como hacerlo ya que soy una persona de trabajo honrado y no entiendo los procedimientos
Is there anything like opening a case against Venmo?
Hello. I spoke with a representative named Isabel last week regarding the legal status of my SSI benefits, while residing in a publicly funded shelter.
i know, the 25vpage lwase shouldve been a red flag
Yes it was alot of help thank u
He went to SSI and reported it. They are working on it. The director and ssworker are not helpful.
Sure I would have definitely appreciate that Jarrod
Whether the child has the right to inherit the mother's urn
devo pagar 439 dolares semanales y es demaciado para mi
debo llevar como soportes de gastos o algo más ???
Oh, yes, I called that hotline.  Yada yada.
yes   i already get part of con ed pension  but this one is for maitenenac  dro from con ed
I even told Hamby himself, to a resounding "Meh!"
Ok great thank you for all the ifnoramtion today
Do I need to have public assisstance in order to be eligible for it
Hello, I would like to consult with someone about whether I am elligible for medecaid.
Any where else that may help with free help for Medicaid etc
Necesito saber si puedo aplicar para desempleo yo trabajo en limpieza trabajo por mi cuenta y desde el 2 de Marzo no tengo trabajo
Thank you so much ashlee I hope you stay well and safe in these times
i need a public defender or no cost lawyer ASAP.
I need help finding a lawyer for my ssi case
ok much sppreciated thank yup!
How can I find a drug court sanction form
Hi Aline, my name is Grant with the NYC Dept for the Aging.
got it, thank you so much.  I'm good from here.  have a good one.  ciao
my yearly paperwork says i receive ssi as a disabled indivisual
they dont offer business tort probono
I would like to get emancipated but I don’t know exactly how to go about it.
i found an address for manhattanfamily@nycourts.gov   would this be ok?
I hv another child she calls her mother asking if she received money
My issue is I lent a friend 24,000 to fight a legal usdue
really hard to co parent with him without any issues
I need help with the review of an agreement from a crowdfunding site.
but sorry i don't know if legally they fall into the same catogory
Gracias  e golpeado puertas y nadie me quiere ayudar
I am looking for someone who can help me expunge a case back in 1989 in new york
thank you so much Jeremie. I appreciate your help
necesito un abogado referente a empleo
There is a pay out ready to be dispuirsd as well as 2 houses
Buenas tarde mi nombre es diana monroy vivo em el estado de florida mi hijo nacio en nj
I not receiving correct amount for COVIC sanos
i want to get legal help to apply for vawa
my name is Ann Marie Da Silva,LCSW-R,ACSW-R
Thankhz You so much Ashley. Have a great rest of Your dey ((-;
I have a medical bill from umc for over $1000 and was wondering how much legally do i have to pay them a yr
I would like to know if i am inwtitled to read my grand fathers will
That's okay, I've cut and paste the referrals from the chat
Great thanks so very much n Claro is?
no eso es todo, muchas gracias
they took everything  from Febuary until April besides the 134.00
Please i have everything to start this casw back open
going thru my credit cards havng people put things in my food
NO, if that works, I'm all set.  Thank you Fadi
And I put in complaints and and called numbers and nothing and its cash benefits form hra
Can you help me confirm the use of a specific form on NYcourts.gov?
no worrries...perhaps I'll make a slice of toast while you look...  :)
Im sure he will put up a fight.i just want peace and equal time with my babies.im going to fipe for the uncontested and see.
Solo le han podido descontar como 1000 y algo más..
I'm assuming that there must be a way to file a POA electronically or by mail.
Está bien señorita muchas gracias por la información
I'm seeing an independent living organization tomorrow. The notice is for vacate in 30 days. Amazing after more than 20 years.
Hello I need some help with getting a uncontested divorce. I am not sure how to go about it. I am on ssd and ssi
Ella vivia alla yo siempre   estado en Texas  al momento  de abrir el caso ella lo hlzo en NY Bronx
hey goodafternoon mike and yes it is okay
Well first lile to knnw if ancestry. cö iolds up 4n court
is craze. after i had made payment 1545.. because dont have work
Hi are you no churre is ponen. The. Covil cort. An. Manhattan
My full name is Wen Pin Tsai
Ok cuando hablas de la mediación allí cómo dividen la manutención ?? Q gastos nos corresponden a cada uno??
Alejandra. Mi problema es el padre de mis hijos.
for nyc laws - i am the custodial parent  and my son recently started receiving ssa benefits directly from SSA
can the judge give an order without her present ... to not leave teh state???
I went to the NYSBA website, following the link that you provided.
I got  approved for expedited foodstamps today  when will I receive them
Am a ssi recipient and am dealing with alot besides this medical wise
Tnks So much for your help, stay well.
yes plaes that would be a greeat help
I need a lawyer dealing with my fathers money, that is being held by his suster
law help  NY self helper or
You have any information about recent circulation of one sort deal by HRA??
okay when i do go to court how can i go about finding assistance for a free atty
my question...can an employer tell your office you have covid by using your name instead of saying 'a coworker'?
It does, thanks so much. I will take a look at thiszb
He got the cronona virus so he could be home with me
