hello, I just want to know if I can file for custody online, if not can I get a copy of the form online?
I am looking for 2 reasons custody amd civil
non-custodial. I voluntarily gave full custody due to being homeless in 2014
Need to find a mediator for a join custody case
NO one has full custody given by court
but it says to bring original custody order but I don’t have it
Are there any suggestions of going to custody court without a lawyer just bc of time constraints?
Yeah but the father has full custody right now
I am looking for information regarding filing a first time custody form. I am having trpubling finsing one qhich best fits the situation.
Because I’m moving 30mins away and he thinks I’m taking time away from him. So he wants custody.
I just want to go to court for him to see her daughter do I have to go for Custody?
I need help in filling for custody for my kids they stay with me now no longer living with my brother
I need to go to court for Full custody of my daughter
RIght, but which would get me full custody the GF-40 or the GF-17?
Where do i find help about preventing custody to be share with the father. I currently have full custody
I want to know , where can I get free lawyer for custody ?
That would be great to have. I need resources that can help me navigate this confusing custody thing
Also on average in NYS how long does a custody case take, and are they currently doing  the cases with the recent outbreak?
Could he get custody if there is a case in court.
I need help finding documents to start a court case with the intent to change the physical and primary custody of my son
okay, I understand. So what does usually happen when i file full custody over my daughter ?
i want full custody - just not sure how to go about it.
Just hoping to get some advice about a pending custody case
someone’s else parents are going to take custody of her
i had a custody case that was dismissed without prejudice. Are the cause available again for refilling good of this type of case?
Sorry I meant immediate custody I don’t know if it’s temp it full
Oh ok . yes i want custody and she wants to be here too.
I filed for custody back in October and I still have yet to go before a judge
She cant open a case for custody against me in FLa...if I already opened one against her here.
Hello Ashlynn I'm wondering if I can download the forms for custody
and the school is asking for residency custody paper
I have a technical question about a situation regarding custody
oswgo county ny regarding an open custody case
Custody ( change of circumstances) and order of protection
I don't need help completing the form, I just need to locate the form I would use to file for an initial custody agreement.
Hello i have a few questions im not sure if you can help me with about custody.
DSS is recommending I file a diversion for placement/custody
i an fighting for full legal and physical custody
Hi, I need to find out how custody works if I go into the military. I have a 15 yr old son and am single.
do you know if I need full custody to have name changed ?
I'm seeking custody of my granddaughter and can't afford a lawyer can you help?
I am looking for the self help form for filing for custody but only finding the modification or enforcement forms. am i missing it?
I need help finding a lawyer for a custody case
so right now without court i can deny my ex seeing his son or until if he files for custody or i do?
No, we don't qualify for custody we are the foster parents
the problem is that the original order for custody was done in New Jersey in 2014
He is asking me to take custody so he can attend college early
I am looking to get legal aid, or advice, for a custody case I currently have in court.
Hello, I am looking to efile for custody. With everything going on with this pandemic i am aware that i cant go into the courts
I just want sole custody so I am able to get his passport
Hi. I have a couple of questions regarding custody and vistiation
I need help I’m not sure how to go about getting full custody of my son
I am not sure I have full custody or not. Legal custody is both  I guess
Also on average in NYS how long does a custody case take, and are they currently doing the cases with the recent outbreak?
I’m looking for free legal services. I’m looking for someone who can help me with a custody case
I’m not even sure what kind of custody she has
Good afternoon. I hope you are well.  My client's name was misspelled on his custody order. How can I go about getting this fixed?
I’m looking for a mediator for a custody plan
Where can I go to get the forms for custody rights
I'm asking sole custody. Legal and physical.
ok i forgot I also need an Extraordinary Circumstances for Custody
What form do I use if i want to start a custody case
I need help for an upcoming custody case
id like to take him to court for full custody and also to make sure she isn’t around her
I missed the dates so she got full custody
Can someone get arrested if you can’t show up for a custody case
I have full custody and I am thinking of moving out of state.
Good afternoon,  my name is Dora Orellana I want to file for custody for my daughter.   Father moved out since March
because I Don’t   see the sole custody option
i am maternal grandmother and can have both parents allow me to have full custody but I don’t know what to do
I need to speak with someone regarding a custody case
What action may he take if I decide to stay and ask for custody here?
okay and say i move away and i still dont have full custody is that against the law
If someone files for temp custody how long does it take to hear back
I was wondering how to tell when some one was served with their court documents for custody
So I'm having this custody issue regarding my 7 year old
So I see that i should Only fill out 8-9 to ask for half custody.
how do I get a court date for a new Position for for custody
Custody and rights but the judge is not playing fair
I need representation for my on going custody case
I have a custody settlement with my 3 yea old son.
and if custody ends at 18, do I even need to do a modification for that or would it be a waste of time?
i need help find a custody forms online
You just sent me great links for information about the steps the court must take in reunification or denying custody. The page disappeared
Will that be the route I should be taking so that I can get immediate custody
It’s a custody case involving my child that I need to get him back home with me ASAP
hi i just want to know how do i file for custody online
Don’t I have to refuel for residential custody first?
I thought started the right form and it's asking a previous custody order which I dont have.
Biological mother wants to file for custody and wants to know if she will encounter a service issue.
im looking for the custody form but I can’t found it
I don't think I can afford to go through a custody modification.
I just wanted to know do I take the person with residential custody or  both people that have custody
Am looking for form 40, for custody modification
I moved to MA. To change custody is it still NY or MA matter?
Is there free legal counsel that would be able to come with me to court for custody?
to be more specific about changing an existing join custody
i can’t afford a lawyer and I need help with an existing custody order
No. I am going to be relocating and need to have custody when I leave
and I was told by an attorney to file my own custody application
I have a question.. no one else really knows what I should do. Its regarding custody
I would like to get sole legal and physical custody
How can I check if there’s an open custody case
yes last court order that i have gave me full custody.
I'm looking for a lawyer for a custody case
okay but will it be hard for someone else to take custody of her
I’m trying to get in touch with legal aid I want to know if I qualify for a upcoming custody case may 6
Ok.  Thank you I have one more question.  Would I be able to go ahead and file myself for residential custody before our mediation?
Which factors a judge would consider on legal custody?
I have full custody but that doesn’t stop him from ever fighting for custody in the future
also, do you know about how long it takes for the court to decide on custody cases?
I have a questions, don't we have custody both? I was never give full custodial rights under the court.
I need legal help to get custody of my 2 kids.
also i had to get the custody  of course as well
The person that flied never had legal custody
Hi! I need help finding a free lawyer for my custody case
Can I move out of state if there's no custody order
I’m not sure. I partially got sole custody not just because I asked for it but because he was also a no show
im Going through a custody battle with the father of my kids and I need to find a lawyer that can help me
Hey I just need help finding a lawyer  to help me with custody
Ok custody isn't the issue maybe it is I thought it was a coparent thing
hi Daniel. I just asked you about “residential” custody and was disconnected
And do I need a new custody agreement if the original one was filed in a different county?
Hello I need help filing for full custody please I can not find the link
Hi are you able to file for custody online or do we have to wait until the courts open back up
I don’t want custody so will this site help me with guardianship
I am looking for a probono lawyer for a DV case and to get full custody
