i don't need the attorney referral our agency has free attorneys
Ha! Not my attorneys. Like I said I get the truth here! They have misled me from the start.
Do you have forms to do a will or do you know of an Attorney who can help an 86 year old
I have reached out to all attorneys in the case and nothing is being done. I appreciate the information
can you refer a free legal service that can help with this? An attorney that can represent me?
Not sure where to find an attorney for legal matters
Yeah u can give me attorney who can help in filling.
Ok will the number u provided give me an attorney to speak to
Is there an attorney you can recommend? To help us decide if we want to appeal or if we want to vacate the default?
Okay that sounds like a great idea! What do I tell my attorney in the meantime?
Yes is there any free attorneys? And okay thank you
I am desperate to get help before my ex wife comes after me with her attorneys
Is there anyway I can possibly speak to an attorney at some point?
the courts don't offer free attorneys to grandparents seeking custody
Yup, send me the info for pro Bono attorneys
Thank you. I appreciate the free attorney information.
I need a list of attorneys who practice in the Albany ny area dealing with medical malpractice.
Well I need help getting an attorney
Looking to file complaint with attorney general
So if you can give me attorney info I guess I will ask the price atleast
My apologies I thought you were gonna send me some information and have an attorney call me but that’s OK
I need help finding an attorney for an ACS neglect case
Hello, I have a client who is incarcerated and wants to find an injury attorney pro-bono
Im looking for Legal center/attorney that can provide assistance
I would like to find a free attorney
Ok and are you searching an attorney related to EEO
I need an attorney to can act in a timely manner on my behalf.
Hi my name is Rose I need an attorney that is in Westchester that handles public assistance cases for hearings
And I cant find an attorney that handles this problems
Im looking to get a hospital for mal practice not an attorney...
Also I need a Free Attorney or Acess to Justice agency that can help me
ok, do you think I will be able to get an attorney to help me?
Hi colleen I'm looking for a civil attorney I live in orange county ny
I need to speak to my attorney in Watertown NY
therein lies the problem.  We have an attorney who is not responsive. We didnt want to start over
Hi need to speak with a attorney in regards to my current situation
Collen, how is called attorney who charges after case is done?
I would like my brother to show up on May 12 with a pro bono attorney
Is there an attorney or legal help that I could speak to see if my particular case can be considered cosntruction discharge?
I’m nervous and the attorneys are rude and mean
well. if you can help me find a free attorney
Do you all do reference to places I can find an attorney to consult with?
Ok..also one thing are you able to give me any attorney services for free consultations?
Yes! PLEASE help me find an attorney! I was a pro de plaintiff! Lawyers for defendants very rude, dishonest so I need professional council
I would like assistance in finding an attorney
He is indigent and needs a free attorney to help with this. Ok thanks
I need to find an attorney that is willing to work on contingency for a malpractice case against my former attorney
Thank you I need an attorney that can help me with this situation because it’s been going on the the last 6 years
can you help me find a low cost or pro bono attorney
I'm looking to consult with an attorney regarding a case I had heard in small claims.
just if the Iink for the attorney is free other than that I don't think so thank you-
I think that's enough I will talk to these attorney first
They do live in Onondaga county. Yes, please send attorney referrals also.
Looking for an Attorney or group that will work Pro bono and help my son with his case
need to find attorney who drew up will for dad on fenimore road in Mamaroneck
hi, can you help me?  I think I need an attorney
Ok I am not looking for an attorney referral I simply want info about how to handle or challenge a GAL appointment please
I am not sure of the details but everything I have read says to consult an attorney
I am sorry I am attempting to access a civil rights attorney who specializes in the area of health law
No I dont have an attorney. I desperately need one
Not enough resource for help find right attorney, etc
Hi I’m looking for recommendation for an affordable attorney to help with a situation I am dealing with.
I’m look for an attorney that deals with those matters
do I have to respond to a summons with an answer if I a making a settlement with the attorney
I am a shareholder of a NYS corporation and actually looking for an attorney for a consultation.
i need an attorney that can help me whit legal service at no coast
I need assistance finding an attorney to help me
Hello, I am trying to speak to someone to find an attorney through legal aid or assistance
I would like to speak to an advocate for justice
Sure, is it just literature or will I have an opportunity to talk with an attorney?
how can find an attorney that handles this type of cases
thank you.  I'd like to speak with or chat with an attorney.  do you have names & numbers?
Im looking for an attorney whom defends civil cases of alleged abuse
Nevermind this is taking a very long time to get a response I will just try to contact a local attorney
Hi Laura,  where can I get resources for a pro bono attorney to do a closing?
I was hoping to find an attorney who could help me
I cannot afford n attorney. I tried to apply but i guess you have to not have a job basically.
I’m not sure what information I would need I’d prefer to discuss with an attorney
Can i find attorneys in my area that would provide free or low legal advice and assistance?
When I try finding an attorney, it asks for the legal issue which isn’t listed
I need to speak with an attorney as the mediation judge explained that the issues are complicated for me to address on my own
that's ok, I will consult with an attorney.  thank you very much for your time
looking for medical malpractice attorney in nyc
My daughter is telling us this, and the attorney that my daughter hired says the same but there has been no POA shown.
if I give you an address can you tell me the attorney associated with the house and will?
ok thank you. Any attorneys that work on contingency, bc i have tried pro bono but had no luck
Ok, thank you, so much. I really need to an attorney, l will try the referral service
i left several messages with the legal aid to speak to an attorney no one called me back.
Yes, i would like to find an attorney at free to low cost
I wanted a mediator and need an attorney to help proceed
I'm look for an attorney to represent me in a small claims matter.
yes I'd  like to speak to attorneys about this
If that’s my only option I would like the attorney information.
Who would be the right attorney to speak to regarding this?
How can I find out if I qualify to have one of your attorneys represent me
I have actually been in contact with a litigation attorney that advised me to file claim on my own
I am looking to consult with a attorney with coop experience, can you suggest anyone?
Hi . I need some help finding a pro bono attorney.
I need an attorney to bring a suit against my sister and represent me in court.
the girl just gave ne a pro bono attorney to call and i lost it/ im sorry can you check/
My ex husband is taking me back to court on the 9th of October and I need an attorney to help me with this issue.
I need help finding a PET ATTORNEY
basically then I just need her to meet an attorney and if I have to go with out her to get advice I will
hi, can you hello me? I think I need an attorney.
any attorney who does pro bono or any attorney who helps or can help is wha ti need
No i want to make an order n i need help to find a attorneyey to represent me
I am looking for legal assistance regarding my mother's guardianship. I am looking for free or affordable attorney's
Ok, great. Generally, given the situation I described, do you think I can proceed without an attorney?
Is it possible to get one free attorney advice ?
I feel i need an attorney to speak to the judge on my behalf.
Is there anyway I can speak to an attorney fir free to get Medicaid advice. I need a letter of authorization
Is is possible that you can provide me with an attorney that deals with small claims?
This is what I’m dealing with. Can you direct me to an attorney that can help?
Why don't you provide for me several attorneys that can help me apply for this. thanks
I am looking for the attorney who can help me to solve the problem
I’m looking for a free or low cost father rights attorney
No, but if the attorney is licensed also in the State of CA, I would like to talk to him or her.
My attorney just got back to me. Thank you so much for your help today
That is why I wanted to get in touch with an attorney that can counsel me on this issue
Is there any attorney I can talk to that is free for Oswego county
I was assigned Gary Freedman,I would like another attorney
Can't afford an attorney  yes general information please
Ok am facing an eviction from nycha and  I need to bring an attorney with me on that day
Thank you. Can you offer any tips as to how to find an attorney ?
You're welcome. I would like to know if there are any probono probate and will attorneys you can refer me to in Westchester County
Looking for free or probono attorney in brooklyn, NY
I want to appeal the counsel's request for attorney fees.  I really am looking for a form or process
