i can pay rent going forward, but not what i owe. I was sick and out of work for a while
Hi i need help for my credit card debt
A former colleague owes me 940 dollars and has not returned the money
THEY OWE THE RENTAL PROPERTY WE WORKED IN A QUARTER MILLION IN BACK RENT
Also would that take care of any arrears owed
I’m looking for a lawyer who can help me sue a person who owes me money
Now de said I owed 2600 dollars
All the money I have right now is saved in case the judge allows me to pay the month mortgage I owe
My husband was employed with a company last year owes him since.
I have an eviction on my record from 2016 which states I also owe money. How would I go about resolving and/or paying this?
who do i call in regards to money owed to a realtor
sone owes money and need help to get it back
if it's legal aid then I already have that.  i'm just being charged for days i don't feel I should owe
Yes I have a bank account with a negative balance
We don't have a lot of money to spend on that, since we've spent almost everything we have on the project.
I have an ex-friend who has contacted me to tell me I owe her $500.00 and is trying to sue me
there is no money in the estate to pay the attorney with.  he owed more than he has
w had a court day 3 years ago and I was told that I own money...
I need to file a claims in a small claims court for money owed to me but dont know how to go about it
For family court, my ex owes me 75K in arrears
I'm looking for information on how to file a commercial lawsuit against a customer of ours who owes us over $5,000
Yes, a debt collector is claiming I owe money for a credit card from 2008 and I have no recollection of it
I owe the company money and they have filed a lawsuit against me.
How can I know, how much the father of my children owes until today.
I don't know I just got a call one day and was told what I owed
I thought it could help with the back pay I owe
I'm not trying to make payments. The non custodial owes me.
Where can I find a petition for modification form to provide copies of cancelled checks showing arrears balance
Rent is not owed the landlord claims that my grandmother who I live with does not live here
My ex just sold a piece of property. If the money goes into his personal account, the SCU would garnish what he owes?
She was in an nursing home for 3-4 years and there was about 49 grand in medicaid debt on the estate
I they are also taking more money then I owe from my weekly check. How do I go about that as well?
I would like to know what do I need to do if some one owes me money
Looking a lawyer to help collect my monies from someone who owes me
If you get fired from your job how long does your employer have to pay you what they owe you
the court increased the amount vi-weekly from 266 to 357 plus 2,525 that I supposedly owe as retroactive payments
VA Petersburg office says I OWE around 12k
thank you, order does not have any remarks, will the balance accumulated for this time be lovered
This Nassau county court system is extremely corrupt and now they are revoking my passport because I owe like 3800$
He owes me over $7,000. I know I won't see that either.
I would like to know how much money I owe for tickets
He told me that I'm responsible for paying $2800 for the apartment when I'm only obligated to pay for my room which is $800.
its impossible I owed that amount since I’ve been paying religiously the temporary amount order
I have a cell w unlimited nationwide calling and it says my balance is too low to place the call
Also we paid an extra payment that sometimes get a letter about owing fifty cents
there's no way I can pay everything i owe
Then welfare owes me so much money they won't give it back I'm trying not to sue them but I want my money back
my neighour sued me saying I owe him money-which is not true
Hi I wanna get more information on how to file a complaint with a debt firm claiming that I owe a debt from 2006.
I’ve referred them back to there client and they apologize stating that in fact I don’t owe any debt
on repairs made after I moved out. and an outstanding water bill balance
I owe money for what’s left of the financing contract and I need a lawyer to help with that
Will I have to bay back monies from social security payments if they figure that they owed me more than was given
then  I also have an invoice dated 4/27 stating the balance due was 588.  .which was 294 plus 294
Me mandarin la tarjeta de debito por mi unemployment y dice balance 0.despues de envio cuanto debo esperar para el dinero
How do I figure out how much a specific house owes though?
What ever I pay a lawyer will most likely equal the amount he owes me.
I owe rent and I need help just had a premature baby not able to work
They are making deals with this person that scammed me out of 5k
Hi. Is this expensive? I dont have much  money
I have been sued by a company for owing them and I need legal assistance
is there a step by step process and what do I need to claim these funds
Okay so what is the answer do I have the right to know where my garnished money is going in the arrears case only
I also need to file a petition for family court for all back money he owes.
Can my ex just make up numbers for what I owe without proof?
I owe about 22k in Federal student loans
ok- but he owes me a lot of back money.
Called the company to tried to clear the balances
Now she trying make me pay back sonething I dont owe
yes, that would be welcome   however, I do not have a lot of money.  I am on unemployment due to covid
hi! I have a question about unemployment debt NY state is saying I owe
Well Im on disability and 30,000 in debt
so from now to april 13, how do I calculate how much I owe? do you know?
i owe 56,000 and pay 1350 a month
I paid off my arrears and found a job and now i may possible owe again because we were hit with a pandemic
I need advice on how to get money paid back to me owed by the IRS
A collection agency froze the money in my bank account
I was told I owe money for claiming benefits on weeks that I worked.
besides i paid on his health insurance n his owed rent rent
But I did pay. I gave him every penny of the money owed for 2 months
I lost my job due to covid, I cannot pay what I owe and am wondering how to file a response
the judge finally rendered a decision where I owe money, and I just was wondering what the next step is.
I am being sued by Bank of America for outstanding credit card debt
I have 2 court sumonses in Hempstead NY because of credit card debts
my understanding is until there is an order to reduce, he owes the current amount until then
ok, thank you.  what finances do i need to have ready
The landlord wants to take me off lease and fortfeit my right to any of my portion he owes me back
If I was to go to court to collect support arrears owed to me, is there a chance a judge could lower the amount ?
i was frauded by my so called boyfriend $85000, which is like all my savings. i really have no extra money for this law sue,
it is for a $6400 and change debt from a credit card
I need help finding a lawyer I have very little money
To get me my mom.my fiancee and my 1 year old out , we have no money as our bills and debt is high
5 years later. After paying $18,500 to the bank, they tell me I still have a $12,000 balance
Thank you. I also have an outstanding balance that I am not able to pay is there a solution for my issue
do i need a lawyer to represent me because i owe money
thank you. the rent is paid to me as the person who owes the money has dementia and unable to understand
so the money owe is really for my daughter not the state cause she does not get public assistance no more
Since the case says closed do I still owe the amount of money that accumulated?
I am primarily concerned about credit card balances (exceeding $66,000) with no income.
I would like to clearly know what is owed to me and what my rights are. Yes I have a lease and moved in July.
Nassau suffolk law services pro bono "only" helps the non custodial parent who owes money. Just wanted to let you know.
Since the 4th of this month that's what's showed in this system , I should've had access to my funds since the 8th of this month!
i need to modify the amount owed by father
I just need peace at home so I can work on my company/startup to help with COVID-19. we owe it to NYC
The agreement is $750 monthly and she is owing me $9094.00 she is here for 2 years
i neeed help i have not much money and lots of debts
She feels she is “owed” this money yet he pays for everything and they live with him.
can I being the custodial parent write off the support areas owed to me on my taxes and close the case
His ex is claiming he owes aditional monies he does not agree with
I don't have an attorney and my daughters mothers lawyers says I owe because I received an extra 600
No he is 26 years old now I am disputing the amount claimed I owe
We haven't paid any rent since the start of the pandemic. We owe a ton.
and I’ve also paid the arrears owed
Also, if someone owes you money and you have to take them to court, how do I go about doing so
I have a voucher for cityfheps. I owe back rent but the lanlord owes us so many repairs
this is in regards to money owed from 9 years ago, would this still be where i would go
are taking money from my check saying i owe money on a old aparment lease
and they said I can only pay the full past balance
It says it filed by a friend over amount of money he claimed I owed him over a trip
I owe but i dont owe dss i owe my daughter the public assistance case been closed for about 2 months now
one tenant owes me past due rent in about 16k
I was served with a summons by an attorney representing a credit union where I owe money
They owe me over $7,000 for services provided to them. I sell bottled water
I dont remember being told that I would owe them money
I want to pay online and find out how much I owe
