is there anything i can do that way she would say i violated the order because she keeps coming to where i live
He might just be saying he's contesting it to harass her. He is harassing her like crazy.
Ok thank you I told him that but he dont want to hear me
Shes calling my family harassing them telling them I'm not taking care of child
she could have said that instead of giving conflicting information
Someone said that I should get a seats and disis order on her
so ur saying because I didn’t disagree with the arrangement it doesn’t call for a custody petition?
i did that also got no wheres but a lady telling me that i qualify for services
He said I can't see my kids till Sept and thats a maybe he said
I have my doubts on paternity but they are both saying they were together during that time frame
he is trying to say that she is physically and mentally/emotionally abusive to the chikdeb
I need help getting  documents  for me saying that  I am the father   to my son
I'm afraid he'll be even worse if I call the parent company and tell them what he said.
He say be love me. But he doesn't believe but he stays with me still.
I have made a mess of things by hiring someone who said they could help and of course didn't.
My sister came got her without my permission instead taking her to the police station she didn’t at all
Also possibly modify the existing order
In my voicemail they may say it’s harrassment however it was not consistently long term
Yes I was told by an attorney that they violated sect 782
I couldn't rotate it. It was evneeng and I called to super. He said that he didn't live in building and couldn't help me
So it’s OK people could walk in the quart room to say you do child’s father with no proof
Mom couldn't call the police and tell me to take him to another state without permission.
he's saying he doesn't want to give me her
she did get back to me but when I originally met with her she told me once I leave the job they can't help me
And my niece accused me of saying that as well and called me a liar.
the agent always saying the court is doing the essential case
No not sur he said pressing charges for harrassment but I thought only enforcement can bring charges
My stepmother is saying I cant go to school next year due to COVID but I want to go. Can she do ths?
I saw the president say it was extended but I’m not sure
that does not seem right to me. but told my father in law not to change it.
the uncle and I was to co parent but everytime I call the uncle he was tell me that he wont be home ect
I dont see anything saying the order will be termnated when child turns 21
the father told son to help him he is being abused and said the mother is abusing also with the nursing home
However nothing was told directly. My caseworker came out very rude to me saying I should give all my furniture back
But why are you saying is That I could have the child support date changed
my son just turn 21 and his mom is saying that i have to continue the child support enforcement until his 24
They also said they saw me going the wrong way on a street
So I'm not even sure if I have the right to complain. They just said they had another application
and as they say the kid told them that I try to punish tehm or something like that but it was a lye
I know that to change a name you have to alert the other parent but what if the other parent cannot be found
He said that she has no right to the property until probate court
Ok I guess that would help. They said they could only help me sue him but nothing else.
the last time we spoke he said he wanted to see me. But when I went there she prevented him from coming out.
Supreme court said it couldn't do anything. family court said same thing etc.
yes i did but they said that they dont go to court just like that
He does say  much but I live in fear that he  will become verbally abusive again
So, I got a very bad neightboor he called 311 on me saying i am habing a dog care business here whish is not true
and yesterday they said because I didn't have a lawyer with me they are taking my  parents rights from   me on  Sept 21
Yes, he is saying cannot afford with child support
The PEOPLE in the bath office said they can't help
He’s in prison how would you like for me to tell him
I haven't gone home to him or told him I know because I'm afraid of what he will do.
He repeatedly said that he would never tell our boss about our conversation
he also said something about then I’ll have to go to court where the DA presses the charges
She then went to my older sister and said something without my consent
The courts dont know he has a mother my adoptive mother keeps telling them im on drugs when I NEVER DID DRUGS IN MY LIFE!!!!
i'm saying someone called adult protective services to check on me.  i have no idea who, i don't know anybody.
yes and they don’t know what to tell me. They said I would have to go thru a attorney and the courts
My neighbor got the heat. But I didn.t. For the first a few days I didn.t say anything
Yes I did those were the people who said they couldn’t help me
because one of his lawyers said he is broke. But it’s not true at all.
objection was upheld then magistrate had in front of still a violation order and  the denovo as well is what i'm saying.
and my daughter not his got in the mix of it where he pushed her back from him and said curse words to her
He's blatantly just said no to repairing. Lol
I have a friend who has a hearing on the 16th and we cannot get a hold of anyone.
1 of my children gets favored and the other excluded, both children have said this
The bar association is the one I called. They said they couldn’t help me
He hasn't gone through bthe proper channels to evict me. Just sent me a text message stating I need to vacate the premises immediately.
He served time for that.  I don't know if those children would say something horrible to their father about me
Other false accusations which I never had a hearing for but its indicated I was neglecting my child
I just dont want him to ever say....that I took our child away from him
I didn't cut and paste but used her words
There hasn't been any water issues in my place so I was surprised to hear him say that
they also called the cops on him for noise disturbance at 10:30 am and the cops said it was a false claim
But it would be nice from you if there is anything that you could tell m that I might not know
No they they said that my dad was arrested and they will call back the person didn’t said anything else
They said there was hold on the account but the lady talked to her supervisor and said money would be released
I told my son to go and atleast visit him mom he said he doesnt want too.
Hi michael, i was chatting with a girl yesterday and she said to speek to a lift department
He wouldn't say that to an officer or any authority of course
Meanwhile The apartment complex just called us saying we have 10-days to get this belongings out before they take possession of his belongings...
And said something about an annulment which I don't want
How do I get the mother served if where she says they constantly say she isn't there when I know she is?
there was a tweet that was later deleted apparently by the state that said it was waived, but that's by no means official
My daughter said we have a court date but I know nothing bout it
Police have been notified many times and said something would happen but they never followed through and did anything
I went to the police and they stated they can not do anything I would have to go to court...
the ground for adultery requires corroborating evidences which they said has not been provided
I am at home but he is a camp I lift him up there he was verbal abuse
They said the form does not say we will award you a fellowship
I Called The Justice Center When The Incident Occurred  And They Did Not Investigate Anything, But I Know The Interference Came From The Administration.
calling my step mom who hasnt lived here in 5 years and telling them im being evicted without due process
Im not sure but probably yes because They didn't say Im not
Thank you. Let me add that the allegations in the order are also false
He believes during his parenting time he should get the money back. But that is not stated in our court orders
He said by what I told him, in effect I don’t exist
I am extremely concerned for my daughters safety as her mother is literally not mentally stable. I am not saying this lightly.
It does not say it is for criminal court so I’m assuming family court.
If he had never told me he was doing this, I would never know why shes not home...none of this makes any sense.
cops were called in all they said the kids had to go since she has custody
If I mention the cops, it’s like she said or they said. The room is about 4 blocks for where I live
Well I have custody of my child(father) and the mother has visitation. The mother has stated she will not be returning the child back
he keeps saying he needs to know who's in the basement but unless he gave someone else keys he's knows it's me
nyc but the mother took him to PA without autoritation  last 2 weeks
I tried to change it at the hospital when I had her but they said it was too late
he said that his niece needs the apt in august
One nurse commented on  me and my community  in undermining way.  But usually it is  subtle way .
yes that is true.  went to their office and that was what we were told
The people working with me are all from the county, my advocate is very close with the police and sometimes discourages me it seems
so he came in and told me that there's an issue with the base of the shower
He said i can see the kid whenever but he does not want me to know where he is staying
The mom gave up her rights. But that hasn't been confirmed on my end
I spoke with someone in Albany CSCU, I’m just having trouble finding the form, I believe he said it was an affidavit.
There is reports of physical abuse to the child's sister but not her.
When my daughter leaves and he is with the baby she can hear him say to the baby your mothers a bitch and so on
The proof is my daughter but last time I tried to bring her to court I was told no
She said in a text that she will "eventually" leave the country with the child so not sounding imminent.  Thanks much for the help.
What more do you want to know I keep saying arrears
A letter it say how much and how often he get child support
I dont know yet. Im in the restaurant biz. They havent said anything yet
I’d like to file uncontested but it is saying I can’t because we have a child
And he just said yesterday that he would even only see his son once a month.
The police said they can not makey daughter give her back to me
There was an verbal agreement for child support but he has not upheld what he said he would. And there has been no money
