I thought it was the enforcement petition but it's asking for the most recent visitation/custody order. I wouldn't have one.
whats the difference between a Petition For Modification Of Order Of Custody Visitation and Order On Petition For Modification Of Order Of Custody visitation ?
Can you file for visitation first or have to file for custody before visitation?
Yes, we have an order of custody and visitation that has been in effect since 2013.
OK, can you tell me if the portion under the first dotted line should read "In  the Matter of a Custody/Visitation Proceeding under
2 years ago they went to court and she got custody with visitation to father
hello i need help fileing for custody/visitation?
it only gave me the option to file a petition for custody / visitations
But I need assistance for myself to apply in family court for custody and visitation
Can I file a visitation enforcement even if I am in contempt of the agreement but do not agree with what has happened?
I want to file for custody and I also want the visitation forms.
For violation of the visitation order and also custody
I need to find help with my situation. Concerning visitation and custody
other than the court date and order of protection i have, there are no orders from the court regarding custody or visitation
can you tell me wher I would go to file for visitation and custody
I have court on 10-23-19 @9:30 a.m. for a petition I filed in family court central islip for custody & visitation under a change of circumstances
Hello I would to petition for custody or visitation of my child when the a order of protection currently in place. How I proceed?
would an order to show cause be filed with a custody/visitation modification?
in this case, do i need to file for an enforcement of the custody-visitation order?
Are the family courts open for custody and visitation ?
Is that where we put saying to grant the after full custody or give the reason for what to give custody visitation ?
My daughter lives I. Saratoga springs and I want visitation and or custody
There was an original custody agreement w./Dad as full, w./visitation every other weekend for the mother.
I am in court with my daughter for custody,  visitation And I am the grandmother
im having an issue with visitation of joint custody and not  sure if i should go to court in person myself.
this is NOT the right form. This petition is used to ask that the order of custody and/or visitation be changed.
Custody and visitation how can I file a petition for custody?
We never  dealt with the courts in custody or visitation anything like that
I have a visitation AND and custody court order already dated back to 2015
so in order to file for visitation there has to be a custody order in place already ?
This is pertaining to a final order on petition for modification of order of custody and visitation made by family Court
But this case matter is about custody/ visitation proceeding
i was served with a summons on saturday for a modification of custody
no visitation.  Just a divorce paper that says she has full custody.  I want to file for visitation rights?
I want to fle a custody and visitation petition and don't know how
had a question about the difference between custody and visitation and which one I am supposed to apply for
one more question - if both parties move out of NY, does NY retain jurisdiction over custody/visitation?
There is no visitation or custody order. Only a child support order
It’s for custody visitation modification petition
i need to know how do i get the right paper work for custody and visitation
writ of habeas corpus for custody and visitation
the second item on the checklist is ak for the custody/visitation order but there has not been an order put in place yet
Can one request a mediation before a custody case starts? If so, what is the process?
Forms. I need the custody and visitation forms
I don't want the father to have visitation. Is that the same as custody?
I need an attorney for an upcoming court case in brooklyn family court. custody and visitation
whats the difference between a Petition For Modification Of Order Of Custody Visitation	 and Order On Petition For Modification Of Order Of Custody visitation	?
I would like to know the steps to take to get a custody & visitation agreement
hi, how do you find out if mediation is appropriate before I file for custody
She just received papers for custody and visitation with court date in Oct
Am i able to file for custody/visitations with the DIY form ?
I would like to know what forms I need in order to file for Custody and Visitation ?
need to find a electronic testimony form for custody/visitation
Yes, persons who retain custody are not abiding by visitation order would there be any implications to support, joint custody proceedings
Custody and visitation set up hopefully together
family custody and visitation Davis v Belus
the violations became worst after I filed the enforcement of visitation
before that, what is the difference between Order on Petition for Custody or Visitation and a Petition for custody or visitation
I have a friend that’s looking for help with filing for custody visitation
this is my first time filing a petition for custody and visitation
I have an existing custody visitation order in place
How can I file the petition for visitation and custody can I do it on line
how do I go about filing a petition for custody and visitation if the courts are closed
i want to file for visitation/ custody for my child
currently there are no court orders for visitation/custody or child support
he has no visitation rights becaus he chose not to show up to any of the custody hearings
I was deprived the custody and visitation right actually.
how do i speak to someone about getting partial custody & visitation to see y child
Good afternoon. In regards to a visitation/custody case at what age does the court take a child’s input in consideration?
and filling in soon for custody and visitations because she is her mother wont deny her from her but ill be doing supervision visitation
Good afternoon since courts are temporarily closed how can i file for custody and father legal supervised visitation
Good afternoon. In regards to a visitation/custody case at what age does the court take a child’s input in consideration ?
I need to know how to start a case with child visitation& custody
I   would like to know what website do I   go to in order to file for custody and visitation
I wanted to know about visitation/ custody for grandparents
I have sole custody it's a violation of visitation order
After submission of a family court petition for change of circumstance or custody/visitation, is there a time limit that the first appearance should occur by?
My ex wife file order of protection includes my 4.5 year old daughter can i file a enforcement of visitation so
can I file a petition for enforcement of an order of visitation online or do I have to wait for the courts to open?
but i want to do both, divorce has been started pending custody/visitation in surpreme court
Looking to file a support modification and a visitation order/custody order
Hi, I filed 3 petitions yesterday a the family court for order of protection , child support and custody and visitation.
my childrens father who does not have any custody or visitation resides in NY
General form GF-40 (PETITION FOR MODIFICATION OF ORDER OF CUSTODY OR VISITATION
Good morning. In regards to starting a case for visitation/custody does the court decide on dates based on a petitioners availability?
is court open for filing custody & to change visitation
What the different of custody visitation enforcement  and modification petition
Where is the DIY form to get a new order of custody or visitation? All I can find is  enforcement or mod petitions
A court order was violated and there ia custody of visitation between me and my daughter.. unfortunately, the father is keeping her away from me
Would you help to find Form-22 writ of habeas corpus for custody or visitation? Thank you
I am in need of a pro bono lawyer to help me with a custody /visitation violation
since their is no docket number for the custody visitation, we would have to wait and then do a modification correct?
During the pandemic is there a way to file for visitation and custody online
Thank you.  Its ok..  I am looking for the forms to print out to file for custody and visitation
I just want to know how to file a Custody/Visitation hearing
or respond to the summons he filed for modification of custody order?
Custody petition; he has violated the visitation order for years
Also,  would it be the first link: Custody/Visitation Enforcement Petition?
I have a question in regards to custody if a court order has not been set and if I have the same rights to visitation
There's a two petitions against me one is for child support the other one is for visitation and sole custody
it says in the matter of a proceeding for ( ) custody ( ) visitation under Article ( ) 4 ( ) 5 ( ) 6
I want to file for custody and visitation  in ny state. How do I do that with the covid 19. Happening
How long do you have to file a violation of child custody visitation?
The petition has only choices for custody or visitation. I'm filing for temporary. Do I use the same form?
Is he able to get a free court appointed attorney if he filed for visits and custody?
I haven't been back to court for custody or visitation.
I was also curious if maybe there was a way to file for temp Custody and visitation until something is decided in court
Hello, is it possible for me to file for visitation/custody for my son on-line?
I would like to file for an appointment to file a petition for  custody and visitation
thank you , I wanted to know if the court is open for filing for custody and go change a visitation agreement
I need help finding free legal representation for a family court case visitation and custody
family court in regards to visitation and custody
So even if i dont have custody or visitation right now i can file a new petition? And how long will that process take?
but it ask me when was the most recent custody/ visitation order made
This would be a filing for custody / visitation / support
Hi . Is it possible to give me a number to s lawyer that would have information about court order regarding visitation/custody not being followed
hello, ive maied a petition for custody/visitation. what should be my next step
Hello, what forms do I need to file for visitation and custody
A Petition for Modification of Order of Custody and Visitation
I am in need of a visitation enforcer, if not a custody modification.
my ex is not following our custody agreement. He has not allowed me to see my kids for my court appointed visitation.
i will n eed this form , right? Petition for (Custody) (Visitation) GF-17
It's between myself and the grandmother. No mediation, she filed for full custody.
