I need to start eviction process on a tenant
i would like free legal services regarding a rental issue concerning the rights of a tenant before and after signing a new lease?
I’m not a tenant though. I own the condominium apartment
Hi, I am looking for services in Warren  County regarding tenants rights and possible landlord harassment.
Do you know a number or office I can call regarding SRO tenants  rights
And I just learned that they are offering money to the other tenants but didn’t offer me anything
tenant is responding to complaint, in timely fashion.  rent was already paid days ago.  private.
That’s very nice but I know that I’m not a tenant so the same laws don’t apply to me
I am looking for a tenant right information with my apartment situation
the tenant keeps destroying the house and call hpd/dob...
I am a new home owner and two existing tenants have legal representation who sent me a letter demanding repairs
Hello, I need help finding legal services with regards to having illegal tenants occupying my nycha apartment evicted.
i am looking for a lawyer to bring a case against a tenant in NY city
Will this allow for my friend to be a tenant or do I ask the landlord?
if i am a tenant and the landlord sells a house can he order me to leave
Hi , can we evict a tenant who doesn’t pay rent during this time ?
Sanitary, angry door slamming on my floor and the tenant above me stomps,banging,throws
Most of the legal organizations I've found seem to focus on the tenant's rights not the other way around
I have a tenant who refuses to pay rent and I need to know how to get him out
I spent a lot on the repair. Now I can not afford the tenant and his utility
I'm looking for eviction form, I'm a landlord, my house is sold. My tenant lease ended in March.
Would these be useful in regard to a situation where one tenant is harassing and intimidating another in a sublet situation?
I don’t know if he’s considered a tenant. How do we evict someone who we never rented to????
I need to talk to a free tenant Lawer
Yes the tenant has already brought action against me or should I say the estate of my mother which I am responsible for
And a place to find a tenant attorney in Chautauqua County
I know due to covid situationnwe cannt evict dead beat tenant,however if this is over can u refer me to a lawyer?
I am being harassed and intimidated by another tenant in the apartment I live in.
I'm looking for info about my rights as a tenant during covid
Hey good morning, this property management guy has sexual harass me and other tenants. Can you please point me in the right direction.
Is Fedex/UPS acceptable as a licensed process server that is able to deliver a T304 notice to a tenant?
Hi there, i need assistance with tenants. Giving me a hard time, not paying rent for 4 months.
A tenant in my building has taken the landlord to court and has gotten my grandparents involved
I want to find a lawyer about tenant eviction
The letter indicated that the tenants are ready and willing to provide access and if repairs are not complete the tenants will pursue legal action
i need help with a tenant not paying the rent
Can a debtor ask my tenants to give them their rent ?
I need help finding free legal services and information on tenant rights
My tenant seems to have the impression she doesn’t have to pay rent until December
is this part of the mayors office tenant rent protection ?
Yes I’m a tenant and need info on how to fight a rent violation
I guess I am looking for any rights the owner/management has to ignore communication from tenants while observing a religious holiday
He's the tenant in the apartment, and says he can kick me out of it whenever he wants, because he's paying for it.
I am seeking to move out which appears to have been the intention of the other tenant.
I’m a tenant in the property and I was served with documents since the landlord doesn’t live here
Is there ever a situation when a tenant who literally cannot find suitable housing can have longer?
What can be done to remove a roommate who is not a legal tenant and has not complied with housing agreement between main lease holder?
Hi  wander my tenant let me have depression.  Can i sue him? Thanks
Stated illegal tenant because my property does not allow home owner to rent out to tenant.
I would like to send one to a tenant
i would like to start the evction process of a tenant
Hello I need a lawyer for tenant rights I resident at nyc housing
i read on an article that if tenants are unable to pay their rent they cannot be evicted because of it. is that right?
With the pandemic goin on can a landlord sell a rental property leading to a eviction of the tenant
I am trying to locate more information on how to evict a tenant
What forms do I need to file tenant eviction form in court. I have served the tenant the 10 day notice to move
My issue is that they are never consistent with protocol and I don't actually know what I am responsible for as a tenant.
Other tenant in building where I live is dealing drugs and the landlord refuses to evict tenant
In the middle of trying to rid of things and settle estate and keep thngs paid with my friend as a tenant
Hello, I have three questions.... First, If a tenant likes to make nycha replace damage personal property, what to do?
I need to get the forms to evict a tenant for non payment
another tenant in breach of contract for another 16k
The tenant moved in without my consent and refused to pay rent for the past 6 months
Hi, I have a tenant question- can an apartment be considered and abandoned if rent has been paid?
Ok thank you. The tenant has surrendered the property so they are technically no longer a tenant
Yes. I am trying to find out if a tenant in our senior living is eligible to live here
Hello I have a question I’m a tenant in housing and I’m having problems with getting my transfer done
I have a question about tenants rights during COVID19. Can you help me with that?
i need help  with a  tenant not paying the rent
Yes the notice will be given to the tenant. They are not paying rent.
tenant also had previous eviction right before mine
my tenant own $7000.00 of house rent. But yesterday she told me she might leave.
I need a tenant lawyer to file a lawsuit against my landlord for self help eviction from an illegal bsmt apt.
Can I just ask why no one wants to help when it is a tenant issue? Every time this happens
I looked up several tenants rights and I believe this is called forcing a tenant to move out using intimidation
are there late fees for tenant rent payments during covid19?
I grt my mail there and intended on becoming. A permanent tenant
we are looking for a form to fill out to evict a tenant
I am selling a house but still have an illegal tenant in the house.
I’m an elderly tenant who has been told I have to vacate my apartment because Landlord wants to sell house.
I am seeking advice in regards to noisy tenants.
Yes actually my tenant last six months never pay rent .I still cannot eviction?
I need a tenant attorney help in Manhattan
i am being evicted but i am a victim of landlord tenant law
The auction sale happened yesterday and I would like to know my rights as a tenant
My lawyer did  non-payment to sue him but the case was canceled because he sent the letter to the tenant with mistakes
Private house nyc Tenant would like more info about my rights
I’m looking for an attorney for a tenant eviction issue
All night and day traffic in and out disturbing all other tenants
Say that I am an occupant on the lease I'm not and occupantbim a tenant
I need to k ow about tenant rental issue
I got a rent  history and the previous tenant's rent was 780.14$ and I came in to a rent of 1250$
I want to sue my tenant. Because he let me have mental problem
Yes, understood. But weren't we also talking about a place where your org has information on tenant issues?
Do you have anyone that can help with starting a tenant association?
In your experience, does NYC Housing Authority ever come to visit on site to the apartment to ensure that the tenant still lives there?
what if I am a tenant renting a room that rented a room
I would like to sue my former tenant.
However, would a lodger be considered a tenant it’s not a separate property?
Ok.  Who would you recommend to deal with this?  I believe my tenant rights have been violated.
Can a tenant withhold rent due to discrimination and feeling unsafe due to another tenant?
Hi my name is Brandie and I'm trying to find out what the law is regarding new tenants paying for a previous tenants back rent
I have a bunch of landlord vs tenant questions but have came here for help and only was sent links. I am the tenant.
can i get help with information about evicting tenants
Tenant is playing the game by not pay the rent until now since pandemic.
My building has gone for sale and I am a tenant , they have an offer and they want the tenants out.
Thank you. I have been trying to find the forms they are mostly geared towards tenants vacating the property.
I rent my basment my tenant not paying me more then 3months
Can a tenant block any entrance to an apartment with an appliance?
I know that there is a rent freeze due to the Covid-19 but are tenants still suppose to pay there rent
My tenant did not pay me for the month of April and never even gave me notice that she wasnt
Need assistance with an 84 years old tenant who is in Section 8 and wants to evict a Co tenant who refuses to get out
I want to know if i need to translate a 30-day notice for a tenant who doesnt speak english
I've been a tenant for a year. When I moved in it was a lease take over.
I have read the New York State Attorney General website which covers landlord tenant rights and it does not cover my issue
Thank you so much, there is a plethora of  help for tenants, but not for renters that are just trying to do things right
I’d like to know how I can find out if a tenant got evicted before?
All the legal information I seem to find discusses primarily what the tenant's rights are.
Building code due to tenant conduct
You don.t have legal information about tenant right?
I need full legal representation for small claims court with landlord-tenant dispute for the elderly
Hand a tenant close to 6 years ago who stop paying rent
I NEED A FORM FOR A SUECURITY DISPOSITION FOR TENANT
