Hi my husband and I paid a deposit for an apartment, but now they're asking for more money and don't want to issue a refund.
but it doesnt have to be mandatory to take any taxes correct? paystubs will work as well correct?
I deposit directly to her account, it is not through a collector office
Im in his country for 30 y ,paid my taxes never applied for any assistance
Esa es mi pregunta tengo social no tengo residencia pero pago mis taxes
Out of my bank account now when I was working out of my pay check also they took some of my tax money
He should returned back 2040 but only 1365, so 675 dollars away, for cleaning.
The receipt is from a rental agency. He is saying that he only recieved 950 from them. They also haven't answered. Thats another big part
I really need help getting rights in newyork so i can get a job pay tax and being here for my children
As I mentioned earlier if I'm late on a payment all hell break loose
I just resived a payment ladt week from them so idk what is going on
My rent is 1064.98 and my case manager wrote down 1039.00
Ok so for rounding sake if i make $35,000.00 they would subtract $5252.00 from that then it would be 17% of that?
I also need the information on the sale on 4.23.19
IRS tax. but this year I earn $50,000 less
the first payment was scheduled by sept 1, as per the final judgement
I thought this was tax help lol sry
was wondering do i have a case because ia mean for 3yrs on a vechecl i paid on from day one
I havent been getting benefits since July because they need my taxes. I havent filled out my taxes.
They get on the bus and asked for the fare receipt
He does claim income for taxes, is basically being paid under the table...
Ok I'll go there. I just need copies of payments that I made in 2004
I would like find free help  for ask something about a tax issue
It seems that he staling the court. He is self employed and does not file taxes
i thought the payments would stop automatically
Correct. Will the courts use my income and my spouse's income on a joint tax return as the total determined income.
Hi Grace! If I file a homestead by 4/30/20 how many years preceding this year can I recoup property taxes?
i was served court papers regarding a tax lien on a prior home that was sold
20 year paid income taxe
and also i did't receive money from IRS
Yes the nature is a check cashing place stole half of my federal income tax check
I have a court case due to the virus I missed the date and they proceeded without me with the payments
Our landlord said he is waiting to mail our deposit until he gets the recent water bill and deducts that amount.
and the new job deposit direct in my aacount
Hello.  I am looking to get in contact with legal aid to help with a NYS Tax Warrant from 2012
do you know where I can find an accountant for tax purposes?>
And I'm here now doing her taxes etc and caring for will etc
I tried to reimburse the person who send me the funds through Venmo
top of that nyc child collection  took my corona support $2200  plus tax refund
Good morning I’m getting garnish $112 from my paycheck and I don’t know what organization it is from
Yes miss. They sent a letter from the nys department of finance and taxation
If the persone that is expecting the refund from me (the 4500$) he will probably go ahead and open a case in me
If I intend to file bankruptcy to avoid the garnishment, do I file taxes first or bankruptcy first?
Im giving her money until we get separate and she is sharing the SSN of my son of one of his friends to file taxes
Family's Irrivocable Trust was changed? Thought it could not for tax reason?
Oh so we already came to an agreement for filing taxes.  So I guess should we notarize the paperwork
If I got a letter saying I have six days to vacate and we haven't even seen a judge yet can they do that
I paid for the item in cash, the person gave me a receipt for the item that was supposedly bought
i was outside the US working for a NY based company that paid suta tax for me and gave me a w2
The court has requested my tax returns and I'm trying to figure out if I need to start looking for a lawyer.
Where can I find the form on this website to petition DSS for my License through a payment arrangement
Awesome, do you know if a law or bill was passed to prevent debt collection during COVID
I have a court case due to late payments.
I file injured spouse every year on my taxes so they cant take my refund
and they took half my income tax money
So now I have my new tax paperwork the courts been closed
She mind to give me my money from stimulate check and tax refund
I'm know once payment is made I cant get that back and that's not fair.
Well my paper work says " a copy of your most recent state and federal tax return with all schedules , attachments, W-2s and 1099's
Tax collection action by IRS, NY state & PA
Will VITA tax prep help him with filing his taxes from previous years and get penalties reduced ?
No reimbursement for months of May, June, July.  Was supposed to have $800 annually for cell bill which didn’t materialize.
I see some schedules on my tax return so yes
They don't think they're responsible for paying a portion of the taxes
I am trying to find out how to report someone falsely claiming a dependent on their  tax returns
2018 tax file for $27000 a year and most likely I'm same income or less a year of 2019
Hi I would like to know if someone had custody of your kids can u still file them on your taxes
can u find my tax Id number?
is there anything else I should be doing on my own to try to get a refund?
I would like to try to  vacate a judgment against me in a medical debt case.  What form should I use.
I believe his income has changed 15% or more but I dont have his tax return so I dont know for sure
Is the combined income on a  joint tax return considered 1 parents income?
And I had a job last year so i filed for taxes last year
A generalized question. Like last year's taxes, bank statements, etc
They PA wants to know if inheritance tax was paid in NY. I dont believe so, her estate was under $500,0000.00.
I am looking for help with a tax debt litc
I can’t even apply for pandemic assistance here on island because I don’t pay tax here
Im supposed to be getting a refund and never recived it in the mail.
he doesn't owe the state i checked wheres my payment and it says that he will recieve his stimulas payment in his bank account tomorrow
the school is still getting the tax money as if they were
I was wondering if y'all took the stimulus check to pay my back child support even though you took my tax refund
The dealership repurchased the car on 5/22 after I made the payment on the 18th
I need free TAX assistance for my father ( 72 Years Old )
3 payments have been made since that date they cashed all 3 checks. I received court papers for october 9th yesterday.
Our taxes our always done correct but it seems that all the acct we open together and some separate has each other ssn for credit
I'm aware that they won't be wiped out. I just need my tax refund not to be garnished.
My landlord shut off power because of non payment from me as I have a shared meter
And the house is only in his name. Would I have to pay taxes on it if I inherit it from him?
Days after that, I received a letter from bank stating that the carwas reassigned to dealer and that I should continue payments with dealer.
I recieved a letter stating I'm being sued for unpaid consumer debit.
How do I get a individual tax Id number and how much is the cost of it
I want to know we're I can't report that he's filed taxes using my kids
Hi, We're a non-profit religious entity looking for assistance with property tax charges that the church began to receive last year.
He actually didn't go through with the refund I had to get that via the service we used to conduct the transaction (Paypal)
I DNT THINK I NEED A LAWYER WITH PROOF OF GUARDIANSHIP,SCHOOL RECORDS ND TAX RETURNS
I have a court date tomorrow and am confused about what documents in reference to my tax return need to be brought to court.
Since 2009 it comes out of his paycheck and it gets deposited onto a debit card the state provided me
I would like to be found not responsible for this over payment
I would like tax identification number instead of using my social number when I am starting an online business I work full time as well
my last payment was send on march 13
I give them cash and they put it in there pocket and no receipt
Does filing their own income tax return count as being self supportive?
so I believe he makes more than 15% of last year tax return
I worked for a non profit organization, but was recently downsized along with 7 other emplyees
I don't know as I haven't been able to review
When I called the state they said his job has not paid since October 12 but it is being deducted from his paystub
the audit shows that per request of the current landlord that my payment was zeroed off the account along with the lack of credits
Plus the free payment that can't be returned
Hi I owe federal income taxes and want to know how to get a reduction, settlement  or some type of compromise
can get stimulus check if he filed taxes last year and he has not arrived inUS still
NY court but Massachusetts took taxes
Probably chapter 7, I'm basically judgment proof except for the student loan tax refund garnishment
But for this case the benefits to little to affect my taxes but, even if the benefits go to my older children
I have a question about joint tax returns and child support court
But there's nothing except for a specific form that the referee is supposed to complete once the sale is concluded following the auction
Is there a way to get a green card without get married? I have an tax Id number and I pay my taxes
I was looking for information early about not being able to pay taxes and having the money
Ye she filed taxes 2 years ago on the business
the property is more a liability than an asset to the county and the property taxes in the next few years
i have been paying the taxes  and i was getting help until i went into hospital
I pay x through my bank Acct not through the state
Will we be kicked out the house it’s a tax lien for water and principal interest and sewer rents
They just cashed another check 9/10 though
