I specifically wish to know if:  1) NY POA requires witnesses?     2) If a spouse needs a POA? ......
Oh okay so ima call to see what they gonna said
It is handled by HOA and also I got fine for that.
I'm looking for a lawyer that can represent me with hra fair hearing
okay, sorry. just making sure haha
Need a attorney to help with my UI/ PUA appeal
Well IAM on SS I needs legal aid
I was asking about the O-1 visa and if its eligible for PUA?
Abogados q no cobren por favor gracias
I need legal advocacy for my Son. I want to Appeal the decision to deny SSI. Where can I find help in Buffalo, NY?
I need a power of attorney for bank matters in westchester county
IF THERE ISNT  LEGAL POA DOCUMENT HOW CAN I GET MY LIFE BACK
I can’t speak to anybody without a poa I am not family
la llamada telefonica fue negada
O usden es el q lo llena
or sociail services will slap a lien on the property
En la hoja ellos no me dieron ningun telefono o nada .
I'm on SSI I'm very limited with money
I'm heading toa meeting but this is so important
My childs father is inna whole different state and he hasn't seen him in over a year. He will be 2 In a Few Months
thay would be great. Court lingo is like Greek to me. Lol
Hello Celina can I have the number of human right to help me with my asylum
Al diligenciar las formas a q dirección debo enviarlas
can she give power of attorney for this process to someone for a small estate  her brother James was 88 broke
Sabes q horario de atención tienen
mother is currently incapacitated and cannot sign a poa
Ok thanks ima call thank you
I would like to know if your site has been updated with all the new laws concerning POA, please?
Ok thanks I think iam ok now have a good morning
Ok what about pro bona attorneys in private pratice
First is my mother forced me to sign over account and power of attorney years ago or I would've had no place to stay
yea i was able to get one through lincoln hospital.
I am looking for a lawyer to help me with a hippa violation
Hi. I have a few questions about my eligibility for PUA benefits. Is there an attorney know might be able to help me?
I wouldn't be surprised if a POA can only be filed in person... which impossible because of COVID-19.
I just need to know which POA form I should use. The one from NY or the one from the country where he resides.
I'm disabled and on the verge of being homeless. I asked HRA for help and was denied. I want to appeal
2. Building was withouth eat for 7 days
Some banks require a certified copy of a POA... and some banks don't
It was one thing after another an  no one helped me even the people , hra and hasa
Can I apply for daca if I came to the United states in 2015
Hello could you give me the form the New York State form for power of attorney please
Hi I need help with a QADRO preparation recommendation service and lawyer
Well my grand fathers will i would lile to read
Is the PUA application out yet  for new york
Thank you so much for this information. Thank.  I have one question. Is a notarized Will, Power of Attorney, Health Care Poxry good as Lawyer
Proxy and POA formers and a reasonable attorney, for my mom
like I said I am well versed in AZ
This is a question about PUA and how it can affect my government benefits
el kiere tener derechos sobre el..ella dice que se ira del pais con el bb
La persona con la que comparto el lift me saco del  lift y ahora me esta votando de la casa
I need assistance concerning my power of attorney , breach if contract, theft by deception,  and conspiracy
i need help finding a lawyer for SSI denial
Hi nice to meet you . My name is Karina
hacer una denuncia y no se nada de tramites legales
Creo q eso no tengo como demostrarlo porq siempre le pagan en un sobre y pues nunk coji eso
Bianca celdo 417 Lafayette Ave
Hello I would like to k le
Whenever I call I just get transferred to the line to file a new claim under PUA.
George ha r t zo g
Thank you ima call tomorrow and see what happen
MY MOTHER IS ABUSING HER POA I NEED TO REVOLKE HER POA STATUS
You were going to give me some info for free legal help with a  subpoena we ona
yo envie el documento para hacer la llamada telefonica desde aca... una equivalencia
the cbp told me it was because in 2018 I overstayed my ESTA 90 days of stay
Im a liar its 10am to 1 pm mon thru fri chat options
Well the Judge ordered Hipaa and an Alcohol assessment and I refused at the beginning
hi there, I am looking to find a POA form in Spanish
usted puede darme el número de la court de Richmond?
I am a  social worker in Arizona. Here I could become his POA and have home court ordered to take medication.
Mi nombre es Ariel jaquez
How do I file a power of attorney in New York? My mom lives in Queens
Oh jeeze haha ok I misread that! Thank you
My mother is gravely sick and I need power of attorney for her business affairs
Y respecto a la residencia soy yo quien debo irme on mis hijos ya q el dice q no se irá
Ever since the PUA benefits expired they messed up my claims. Yes I spoke to them for WEEKS DAY AFTER DAY
I use to volunteer with lhny with aimee. and the site has since changed! I was hoping you can help me find something
I cannot spell it off the top of my head but u might get it lol... Chiquatiga
Aprox 30,000 total, only income is SSA
I would like to get back my ssi
Ya lo abrie tengo q llenarlo
Ok because there are numerous apps out there like cash app and zelle quickpay
I been paying through zelle but I want the court to calculate it
Iam a good mom idont drink idont. Do Drugs
de la corte de gfamilia de queens
Ahora el no me esta dejando entrar a la casa
That's ok close enough haha
hi di u speke spanish
Hola mira sucede q estoy en proceso de separación y quiero dejar la parte de custodia y cuota de mi hijo
In other words, does the POA give me permission to file an order of protection
As far as I know you dont need to have been working to qualify for PUA
They are penalizing me from PUA/LWA Saying I wasn’t eligible since I did not go to my workplace.
At this point I am willing to take any help I can get lol
quiero saber q formas debo diligenciar y cómo hacer este proceso
I don’t qualify for unemployment and I can’t find out where the application is for PUA
Hey I’m trynna send my poa forms
Creo q la 2 opción será mas efectiva q formas debería diligenciar ??
can I back to my store, because they said will call plo
y también como hacer un plan de pago ya q debo 11 mil dólares
I would like for a lawyer to make a simple will for me (otha)
soy home attendant mi nombre es welma
Me dijeron q lo aga oneline pero no puedo
On 3/3/20, an acquittance of my neighbor, found it necessary to spit in the face of my sister.
1st I would like to know if I sto
el se llama Jorge Reimundo Villa Lopez
Y el mío un poco menos de 2000 y tengo otro niño q no es de él obvio por él no debe responder el
Hola mi nombre es Angel Muñoz
Eso está estipulado q es el 25% en todos los casos
I had a fairly simple question regarding cola
Se supone  qye ya a los 21 pare
por favor si es usted tan amable haga eso por mi
Thank you and yes nycha in Manhattan. They will not help me resolve this situation
no puedo pagar la renta que debo
i need help with an existing PUA claim
Hi my father currently in nursing home in order maintain his living state how do I get a power of attorney
E buscado trabajo de lo que sea y nada
dawn alado 1060 rev James polite ave
Hi, I need a lawyer to represent me for case I am bringing against HRA
Unfortunately that was a matter that was resolved immediately due to hra there payment was alte.ro partial
What are the rights as a power of attorney not court orderes but hospital social worker ordered?
I never want anything taken out on Gav
The only excuse I was given was that his wife has POA and those are her wishes.
