So I will not get in trouble later, if I do not involve the court in his proposed change?
Okay... from what I haev researched ... my daughters jurisdiction is NY
the woman is suing the school district and I am named as a respondent
Question : how do I find out if his estate has been submitted to probate?
Are the criminal courts open at the moment in NY?
I am being told to get lawyers and go to court. I have already done this
so in regards to the legal aspect who would i need to speak with to be in partnership with the department of justice
No i dont drive nothing in nassau county
I’m unable to serve my ex the paperwork from the court
My fiancé is in jail facing serious charges
Then our trial could possibly lower his monthly amount, depending on what the judge decides.
They told me they do not do Probate law only criminal law
Yes I am because right now I believe the courts are still closed in nyc
I need a pro Bono lawyer that can help me get off probation early
We are low income housing but if an attorney that truly knows HUD rules
I forgot my upcoming court date and need help ,can you assist me?
Is the person being served suppost to go appear in front of a judge when they get the papers?
Hello Augusto! I am looking for a guideline that applies to 9th judicial district for Pro Se litigants. Do you have anything?
I have tried woman's justice and other organizations, they want to help and I qualify, however they are booked.
yes and a documents from the court house  that  can I make the claim at the bank
Exatly.. he doesn't listen to me maybe he'll listen to the judge..
This person has received a termination notice, and wants to know if he qualifies for legal counsel.
one was the city bar justice for will and estates
is 90 day notice 'in process' or does that occur with court date?
I had to actually chase the driver down to the highway and stop him on the highway, because he said he didn't see me
I want to settle thee case before its goes to trial
The other party does not have an attorney. How should I serve the copy of Objections on her?
Do you have the website where I can find my next court date ?
Just need to know when courts opening. Is their a date yet?
A person was mentioned by name in court documents in supreme court without their knowledge. Is that legal?
Thank you for the website information. Is any of it specific to housing court issues?
been thru so many hitting me with NY law , at will .   understand , what about my rights .
The site says there is Limited representation for contested matters in bankruptcy court. I have about 3 with proof of claim.
I know the court. I am thinking if a lawyer can help since I don’t know his whereabouts to serve him the summons.
my case has never been adjusted or reviewed as required by federal law
I am looking for documents and information on taking someone to civil city court as it's for 6K
It’s normally in a room outside of the court
or I can get a new court date first?
Correct. I am enrolled in school and cannot miss class
If I lose my court order, does the court can replace it?
What the name of the court in NY for civil case in court.
i was told that the courthouse is not open to the public. I’m not sure if that information is correct
I received a notice from the Small Claims court
Just in need of help completing form and knowing what is meant by terms on a court form
my court order is from 2006 is it still good?.
maybe that wording is more understandable cause its not about breaking a law
in manhattan (its in Washington heights to be exact if that matters)
and when and how is the court date generated?  do i have to serve her first?n
We came to an agreement and she has been not abiding fully but the agreements we made.
how does an action get brought to surrogate court
Hello I just have a question regarding a summons to appear at civil court to give my answer
Quick question - I am from the NYS Unified Court Systems Help Center
when I called up they said I need to complete an order to show cause to meet with the judge immediately
They intake rep for the hearing was the one that told me that
I was fired without cause. To me it was defamation of character and was.based in neither facts or the truth.
the police said we need to go to civil court
There is difference in the low and I do not know what to do when there is difference in the law.
Thanks - looks like they would have to be served personally in their home state
awesome how would I prove I wasn’t served. If I wasn’t served?
yes according to my doctors I have from 3 months to a year
Can you point me to the section where this is discussed on the website? I'm not seeing anything about witnesses on the FAQ page
if there were a judgement, in which court would it be?  County?  Town?  Village?
I was shown a website where I can find my next court date but I have forgotten it
but some lawyer that represented me just stopped months before court n never got to attend it
Sorry it kept saying waiting for responder to reply
Downtown Brooklyn Courthouse. About 22 years I go
and then the father gets served and we get a court date, right?
we have no court orders, this will be the first time in court.
I need to get this woman inside a court room.
Thank you very much I do appreciate it. They will be able to assist me in regards to her violating the court order.
I may go into the court room any moment. Will you wait if i do?
yes the court just said deined and showed that other judges said this is the amount but how do I actually get the money
the person I spoke with agreed that waiting for the criminal order may be best because I am not sure how he'll retaliate
I’m looking for a legal aid in my upcoming court case
I was told the mediation is not in the court  room it’s self
oh ok sorry also when it does go into court do you show evidence and witnesses or is that only in criminal courts?
i passed the last bar exam and need to comply with the pro bono hours requirement
I was informed by the representative that the courts are still closed and no one could assist me at this time.
that won't be necessary, I was looking for laws instead of assistance
what is the point in gong to small claims court after the scammers
crimical judgice report /paperwork an a police report should be at 1 Penn police plaza the records I need
I may be mixing up the NYS bar association with the American Bar Association referral system
A judge is needed to make some decisions we cant come to an agreement on.
Good Morning, I received from the tribunal an findings of fact recommending warrant and commitment.
Hi, what kind of information can you give me on Civil Law? This pertains to my case.
I want to report the office in Main Street Hempstead
I dont know i was told by a law form that there is one
New York Supreme Court- Uncontested Matrimonial
To have a case moved from one court to a closer court
I have a civil court housing trial scheduled for june !st.
Yeah. If I go against it, he will definitely bring it to the judges attention.
She claimed the judge said there nothing she could do
What documents do I need to take when my court case arrives?
Thanks, Is New York Supreme Court - Criminal Term
I think it is the Supreme court, and the records are sealed......
I need assistance in completing the form. Is this a form completed by me, or a judge?
I was looking for some clarification on renters law in New York state
they told me I have to make an appointment to see a judge
And my exhusband doesn't want to comply with court orders
the judges here think they are above the law,they don't comply with what another judge rules
Ok I just want to start the process will the courts be open to do it as soon as possible
this says nothing about family court, its immigration, lgbt, disability
I’m not sure what law matter this is considered
He was arrested in Bronx County, so the case would theoretically be litigated there.
have proven it in a case that was taken off calendar then represented
it is am open case.  My daughter has many notes from DRs stating she is not able to attend trial
If I am queens, should I assume there is a queens DA version of this as well?
is SVU IN BETHPAGE PLACE TO MAKE THE REPORT & do I need an advocate or lawyer due to COVID & virtual world?!
Preferrably, either pro bono or on contingency basis.
what is the proper way to serve an out of state party?
ok, do you know any legal help in supreme court?
I have court Oct 15th in jamica ny , my case is still pending as although I got a referral to qch for rent arrears
May I explain the situation in order to be directed to the appropriate counsel
His lawyer has not responded to us since April 2020
How can I find information on used car implied warranty or lemon law?
We can a person have a court document modified and court
Civil Term, Kings Supreme Court
Where I guess she tells the Court it is okay to release the Court Order to us.
idk when my court date is or what the procedurew thereafter are
Someone to help us understand our rights, paperwork and options. As well as representation in court on 3/25
I need to file paperwork for violation of court-ordered visitation.
ok yes it says mostly about court proceedings.
The property that I own backs up to a park that belongs to our village and or township
I called mobilization for justice and they said they don't do adult adoptions
Ok,thank u...do you have any idea when a face to face appointment may be able to be made?
Does the father have the right to prevent the mother from taking their children out of town for a short getaway? No court order
I live in White Plains NY, I was served papers at my home to appear in court for a credit card debt
I need to set up a hearing with an administrative law judge to fight this ruling.
yes it’s order by the judge in Supreme Court
Anything I can do I have court order document for itinerary and she doesn’t want to provide me with phone only anD address
CPS basically told us that since his father has been in jail not to bother .
unfortunately, there were some service issues which may be pertinent to my defense
I need help with a court appointed lawyer and how to respond to a law suit summons since my court is closed
is there any difference if we have agreement in these areas or still a judge will have a say
We do already have a schedule in place and signed by a judge
This I will tell the judge. Of course, the findings are for the courts.
I read online i would need to serve the other party.
it says i have to to get a nordry from the courts thats on page 5
that's it. Thank you! You don't have a crystal ball that tells you when the courts in NYC will be operational?
We cannot settle, so we expect it to be decided at trial, which will probably take place in more than a year from now
the downtown Manhattan civil court, Lafayette st...
but how can i serve someone when I don’t know where they live ?
So my question is how can I go about filling and getting the case heard the same day we go back to court?
i called police he is escorted for the day but returns because he has lived here more than 3 months.
Is the criminal court in kew gardens open tomorrow?
Maybe it be considered consumer law I'm not sure
also with the new reform laws a new evidence laws how long does the prosecutor have to bring in any and all evidence?
i got a letter stating i have a warrant out for me and  i never been served any papers how do i go about that
hello.  can u tell me when the courts will reopen?
Now I'm in jail over 6years now will they be able to help
Can you recommend legal help in queens? It’s at the queens criminal court
I don’t see one for oppositions to their “evidence”
By Justice James H Shaw Jr
you're not the judge/court, i'm well aware of that
i have a Supreme Court summons dated 8/21/20. Am I supposed to get served with 20 or 30 days?
Understood. Now in this case are there any steps I should take regarding visiting the court or contacting law enforcement?
I am a veteran looking for assisant in a surrogate court issue
they told me...they could not take my case
supposedly there’s a court date December 20th but we have not been served any papers as of yet
alright thanks the court housess arent open yet right all virtiual
yes, 4th District Court Suffolk
Are the links specific to the type of lawyer & filing involuntary Administration in surrogate court?
So how am I going to turn in the form to the court office is not open to the public
I need help finding my court time and date
How can I get my court case looked at if court are closed?
How do find out if they have to abide by the governor’s moratorium
What would I file for an in person court date instead of a virtual court
Kings. I found a regular one in your site.
Im in Texas, the courtorder was in Jefferson Country
I know that but we already been so many court dates
So the state won't take action until I take him to court.
i won a case in  small claims court for $2500 for faulty work from a contractor. it’s past the appeal process.
Also initially I was stopped in traffic, searched and nothing was found then detained for hours with no reason
There are also a set of laws associated with conservativeship that havent been taught in law schools for over 20 years now
I will read it, however the judge said not with the new laws.
Yes i said in court and noone did nothing
What do you mean it can resolve without going to court?
Just to let you know- the number for NY Center for Law and Justice isn't correct
i just got the papers to serve her on 2/4 but case is in April
However he is in prison and I don't know how to go about it.
if I file today is there an option to be seen ASAP or how long is the wait until we go to court?
OK I Understand Can a Judge Be bias or Agency
I'm in Oswego county but where the vehicle was purchased is onanadoga county
How does someone from NY serve someone in SC divorce papers
I live in Queens and I have my case pending in USCIS. I have work permit and was in driving profession until COVID-19.
On a stop and start bases. All of the matters look as if
Will it cause issues for me. I don't want to go to jail or anything
I need every single law enacted by the State of New York
Before Covid I knew what to do. I need to start a probate in Surrogates court. What's the new proceedure?
Thank you. It would be informative since I knew how to read court docket in what documents are to be filed.
I'm in court currently but doesnt look like she's complying with the procedure or prosecutor/D.a
Where can someone find their docket number if they haven't been served
Legal Aide Society housing Law Practice, is that an agency or section of the law?
This is the same information as before. It assumes that you already have a court order
is everything still virtual Or will I be able to get a court case ?
The supervising judge of the same court we are in or another one in our county?
Yes. Is a surrogate court case in s.i.n.y.
I would like to know when will the Supreme Court will open
I already answered and when I met with plaintiffs lawyer the court set a date which is next Monday
Hello, my name is Allison and I'm looking for help with a question about section 125 of the NYS Town Law.
Its a matter of greater than $ 35,000, so I am not usre it can be in small claims court?
Im only seeking information on what court documents to file
I dont think its formal . Its not from the courthouse . And it doesnt have a notery stamp .
Looks like "Sangbo" has called it a day. No doubt had an antifa rally to attend. Oh well, such is life in our Woke world ...
No I havent i was waiting til court tomorrow
That pro bono program does not handle criminal matters. Do you know of any others?
How can I find a list of matrimonial Supreme Court Judges in NYC?
I went to the Queens small civil court
Would our local small claims be able to tell us if the matter can be argued?
this is a custody case. now with the Appellate 2nd judicial dept
hello where can I find a mediator in queens s\o I don't have t go to court
So I would have to wait until the actual court date to do such correct? I cannot do anything before hand?
They don't help with small claims court
What format would be needed in order to bring this before the court???
Hi, are there income guidelines that are used to determine eligibility for a court appointed lawyer? If so where can I find them?
Or help me find a lawyer in the state we’re the case is being held
Is legal help available,in Queens civil court
He knows court closed so he’s thinks I can’t do anything
Should a summons be answered even if the plaintiff and defendant reconciled
Nassau suffolk law services does not handle any matters like this.
I have already called City Bar Legal Hotline. However, I was more or less looking for a legal representation.
The Courts is the problem because they do what they want and go above the law.
So unless the circumstances are really serious it would have to wait until courts open?
I am looking for a form to give notice to the respondent about my witness list
and if i only know the borrough she live in  and not the address can she still be served
I have not pressed charges but are taking other actions for consequence as would be grand larceny
I was told by the department of labor of ny state that i need to go to the small claims court
would your agency help pen a letter of this nature to the supervising judge.
Since the pandemic do you still serve in  person.  I have to serve the affirmation of defendant on someone in nj I live in ny
is it any chance to check my case status in Supreme Court ny?
Is a school event that she was 1 of 3 out of an entire district chosen
I'm looking for answers that would deal with probate laws
will the yonkers court allow me to do this or do i have to wait until they open fully
Interesting... especially since the judge referred her to your services specifically for this matter
I started making payments to get back on track the judge in court told me I can file a form to start driving
I see on your website options and ways to serve papers but nothing on restriction of  where one can be served
is there anyway you could look up my name in NYs  and make me aware of any court proceedings
Ok and the top link is for stopping the court order
does any of this differ if the person is in section 8 housing?
Once I get in front of a judge, would my son's father have to be there as well?
Well it would be discrimination in a hospital against a patient possibly because of race. Person is also a senior citizen.
i got served with summon for court case by american express and I’d appreciate any help what to do next?
The magistrate did say it would go to trial if he does not pay.
Seneca i did file papers at the town court but they moved and were not able to serve them
I need referral for New York lawyers who specialize in civil penalty cases like TSA imposing fines. Full description of case here: https://www.avvo.com/legal-answers/authorized/recourse-for-potential-civil-penalty-for-physicall-4611574.html
I was hoping to just check with a clinic that I did them correctly for the court and was filing the correct forms
I have a loved one that is incarcerated in Coxsackie Correctional and has written grievances and they are not being filed or responded to.
I thought I saw a link previously for clinics to review your case with an attorney prior to filing in court.
If a written agreement is made and notarized, will that be okay in court?
I dont want to agree to something I dont know what it means in lawyers term
The queens court house I went to because I am in queens , Dies it matter which boro ?
OK.  I will try.  Are the courts open for legion filing in person?
I was told to go thru the courts so I need to see a judge
I just want to know of the court house Will be Open on april 22
Hello how would I find my next court date
I need to know my next court day
NYS Vital Records told me the court order must be from the New York Supreme Court
Firstly I believe i was incorrectly served the papers for the court date
Her own to another house and is still in school no FT job*
even though she is not working or going to school?
I am currently in Florida and the court case is in New York
yup. seventh precinct seaford was where I was booked
i think I receive paper but my attorney say i should tell court i did not get serve
Would this case be done in NY OR Fl ?
How do we do this is a quick as possible not to have to wait for court dates that are months out
The case is Mary Booth vs Phillis Harris was 5 years ago
need a lawyer have a .08 dwi and other minor charges
the the judge let extenant stay in house until  found new place is this legal . Do i have any recourse.
Unfortunately, neither of these practice tort law
I need someone who's going to stand by and obey the law
(since queens has so many, i recommend selecting a few that would match this person's situation)
I missed a court hearing today for a traffic violation
I sent appic. for ch. sup & it was built by court worker then I need to set court day for amount of CS
What papers do I need to bring witnesses to court
in Queens Supreme court 3 million
Supreme court orders and stupid stuff like this
who can I contact to find out if my court date is today?
okay, but there is a way to rebut his claims before I get to court?
I’m confused as to what is valid in terms of the settlement prior to the court summons
Appellate, Court of Claims, Supreme Supreme Civil, Surrogate's
The guy lies right to the judge and we have evidence , yet  the judge does not listen at all to us
i was served with court papers and my status is Case Status Disposed
I understand.  Yes, I would like to look into judicial avenue to recover my commissions
I would hope so.. part of their ruling stated:
It gives me things like legal aid spocioty who doesnt handle family law anymore.
Either because she doesn't so up or she doesn't provide the court any documents
Is everything virtual or will I be able to get a court date ?
because the problem they not open I can’t wait for open the courts and they still taking money
I have a court date this week and my court documents were misplaced. AM I still able to attend court?
The police said l had a driver license in 1990 under a name that wasn’t mine
thank you very much-- Empire Justice is also in Suffolk, right?
And to get a documents of claim in the state  court house
I would like to know when will the Supreme Court will open?
well I want to take him to court so he can start seeing and taking care her daughter
I supposed to serve it within 20 days but I didn’t know and I served it after few months
My daughter is being kept from me. What forms do I need to go to family court?
I don’t know how to persuade this in civil court is that legal advice
okay, will the witness statements be helpful in persuading the judge to confirm i am actually the father
so my attorneys put in a notice of appearance - and answered the complaint for a  - Case Type: Torts - Other (Defamation)
The courts certificate gives access to a bank account for $19000.00 and the actual is 22000.00
is it necessary to go in-person to NY Court?
But was told that date for court is just for me. So i did not have to serve him papers
Well yes I need to find information from that specific county courthouse
This is required for Asylum case where I need a country condition expert
i keep reading that the justice dept will oversee any suits regarding this but cant find info on how i can do something about it
How do I determine how much time a defendant has to file an answer after I serve them with a summon and complaint on 3/10/20
when i present my evidence, is it considered Exhibit A ? or do i have to continue the letter after the plaintiff
but modification can also go back to queens supreme court with the previous judge who helped to settle the case
Hello, there is an "order to show cause" case filed against me. How do I go about responding to the this case without a lawyer
and would arguments be allowed virtually since he is in Florida?
I need to find out if I can go to houising court now
Local sheriff said to go and start proceedings at court
Yes but just shows the future court appearence?
Can I send and serve legal notices in July then file with the court 9am on Aug 21?
But if I am never served,  there is no immediate issue and he has no legal grounds,  right?
When do notifications go out to the employer for this to stop? They need a court document to stop it.
Looking for a link to download order to show cause in Supreme Court of the state of New York queens county
I need to know if I can go even if I never been to the police
In laws are old with pre existing conditions
Buffalo New York I got a case in 1988 I forgot what it my case was
I do not need an attorney, my affidavit is complete, just want to know what is the name of state court?
The case will be heard by an Administrative Judge assigned by the EEOC
I dont know who to contact for my defense in a criminal charge. They said i made to much for a public defendant.
But in a court of law I’m suppose to have representation?
Yes, Appellate Court Second Div.  It started in Queens Supreme Civil Court.
Hp for non repairs, housing court
possible law suits vs my school inwhich i attended
No, but just FYI there's a ton of specific covid19 legislation that has come out
It has been a year now, NYCHA has not kept to the agreement that was stated in court.
Understood.  No court date yet.  Just received the complaint.  and
It’s ok I will be going in to the court house on wensday hopfully they are open
i have a question in a divorce case long do the defendant has to respond once served
When are they going to send out the rescheduled date for court appearances?
Can I go to court and request to see court case records?
I see it’s in Nassau does it matter that my case is in Suffolk
structure settlement annuity.  is this civil or superior court?
they had provided a court-appointed one before but they were highly disengaged.
Need assist with getting a court order
Yes I’ve been there. Just didn’t know if the guardianship in pa is transferable
NYS has laws unlike most states that a dr or a lawyer or judge have to order the test.
I thought when you file you see a mediator first before the judge
Yes, I have checked this website.  Just questioning if should sue both parties.   Grandson may be hard to serve.
I got a summons from my husband's lawyer, and I answered it.  does this mean we already have it in the supreme court?
What rights does he have legally? He told me he doesn't want to be involved and he hasn't responded back to the courts.
I need help finding a public arrangement, for John Vanberbilt. He was arrested in Nassua county
I need to get a lawyer immediately to  know my rights and to prepare for court.
I need to know how u know if u got legally serve
NY courts yes - Manhattan civil supreme
He says he needs more time to prepare, and then the magistrate adjourns for another 2 weeks. He also has a public defender.
If I register here in NY would it cause complications or delays
How can i see my court date if has be updated with new date
can I locate a property referee using the address of such property
How can I fight this and what evidence do I need to take to court. ?
would the papers I was served in notice of the hearing suffice?
can you give me info on small claims court?
Would you be able to tell me what documents I have to bring into court?
I have a general Question about non custodial parent not following court order
The letter giving me notice was dated september 17 but postmarked october 1 to serve court papers.
is the attached document to complain on supreme court judge??
i know who the father is because he previously served me with a summons but did not follow through on his case
i dont want to wait for court appointed bcus case will get adjourned again and i will lose a day of work
and Manhattan Supreme court one million dollars
Can I still use the NYS Bar short form eff 9/12/10 or has the bill passed by the legislature been signed into law
got it. are these requirements in statute or court rule anywhere?
That was I don't know how to read a court docket and
Basically, there has never been a order which has been seen before a judge to acknowledge movement to another state or approval.
First, we contacted the NYC bar association, which referred us to the City Bar Justice Center, which referred us to you
I understand. There is virtual court hearings in place correct?
do you retain a copy of the forms I created on law help. org from 2017?   I was never even served this is crazy
ok im not sure if the courts are still close
this is clearly referenced in the Chief Judge Marks orders for COVID
Yes, I'm looking to get a lawyer/attorney for a court case that will be happening as the victim in the case
Appellate Court ... Court of Claims ...  NYC Civil Court ...
how do i get someone served but dont have their address
that was my understanding of the law, too. I wasn't in the court room that day
Even if it gives 14 days on the notice it's a court document
We've been to court like 7 times they just tell him to follow it. He doesn't. They do nothing.
I don't see a list of which court that is county by county
I wrote an email to the judge myself and explained he’ Failed to comply with the court order
does the state of NY require a court order for me to obtain this?
Good morning, if I need more time for court. What can I do ?
a fair hearing for a CPS case in Saratoga County, NY.
Good Morning,  I want to know if the courts are providing free notary services during covid
If the father files with the court will she have to return to NY or can she respond  remotely?
i dont even have the order in any court papers ..the judge is saying the order is in her notes
IF YOUR GIVEN PAPERS  served papers from a plice officer
I want to file and make the landlaord appear in court in front of a judge
wanted to know the strengths and weaknesses of our case before we talk to him or file a case with small claim court
It’s a nys court so I’m assuming it’s not
If thats for legal service in jefferson county, they said they dont handle my type of case
a websites with the types of courts had free legal advice, I honestly don't remember
I need a lawyer to help me go in court for scrmnation.mt bank issues
Hi I got a mail another regarding a case on dec 10th at small claim court. I am looking for legal help.
she has been insane, insulting and dismissive if NYS Court where father lives and baby was born.
I wanted to check and see where can I find a traffic attorney
quick question, courts are closed. will they see me?
No the same judge that set the fine with limited information
absolutely! wow, thanks somuch as it s a very corrupt police dept and unbelievable how the crimes are abundant in our apts.
Ok. Thank you. My next question is when is can my case filed in district court?
dont know if the court house is going in by appointment or just walk in
Hi. I had some real estate law and utility questions
I won't get one appointed til court
It is in nyc and is a short term stay ,therefore illegal
Or let me put my question differently: shall non-compliance with the statute FCT 426 )b) (iv) serve as grounds for the dismissal of the case?
I need help from a lawyer to get the address of my sons father so he can be served
I am planning to open a small claims case, but I am unsure as to who I should list as the defendant
now the case is in probate at Queens surrogate court
Any information about viewing court records? Thanks
Yes Judge Campbell in Orange Ciunty Court
That link work I will see what's available there. Is there such a thing as pro bono legal services based on financial/medical reasons?
I need help to respond to the proposal default judgment
so I'm making sure I do everything according to law
Sure, I tried calling out local Poughkeepsie NY Surrogate's court and they just told me that courts are closed.
we have pictures and  3 police officers witness his behavior also
Will this go directly to the court so they can schedule me a court date ?
it’s on court records that nothing was true so that should also help my case
With the pandemic, how soon before my case can be heard by a judge?
Apparently they haven't been served and the court was told that they don't have the address
this second window from the surrogate court page.
