so his lawyer filed divorce case in manhattan supreme court
i would like to have this rectified and need an attorney as I am still happily married
I need to find an attorney that I can work with remotely. I live outside of NYS but need to file for divorce in Ny
yes we are still married but recently separated because of his infidelity
I am 31 born in Brooklyn my mother Aldo never married I believe I just need them both to
no we don’t have legal agreement we have a child out of wedlock
We got married and now I would like to bring him here
I am being emotionally abused by him for more than 20 yrs. I am willing to end this marriage too
I have a court case already in brind family court my lawyer does not communicate with me and I need to file
My divorce was finalized 11-2019 but in Supreme Court
I want to to know how can i check if I’m still married
im a non citizen and married in the philippines not here
and he doesn’t want to help. He is looking to get married and have kids.
what rights do i have as the babies day even though we are not married?
please, i've already paid $48K for divorce attorney, the well is dry
My partner and I got married a couple of days ago and we want to call it quit
Yesterday i found out he married someone else in the US..
I got married in 2015 can I still get an  annulment
Yes and my wife’s attorney is in Cayuga county but the divorce proceedings have been Seneca county
Yes we were married in queens and I lived there the entire time
I am planning divorce but I am just worried about what would happen to my baby he gets into my husband’s hands
I don't live with the person I'm legally married
How do I get the swear on oath for a no fault divorce?
No I am not married attorney does not need to be determined I am on the first certificate no we are not getting a divorce
I wan to divorce using the no fault but is it says I need to swear under oath. How do I do that?
Son is remanded since 8 /14/19 transferred to broome as of 8/23??/19  don't have bail complicated as to that . Yes any help appreciated
I’d rather be married to him but I’d need him to start being normal.
The non custodial parent & I are not divorced & he lives in another state.
great so my wife and I got Married in Jamaica
I was never married to their father and i moved out since we have been separated.
How many years apart do me and my wife have to be before we are legally separated?
I have been married for 4 years and have a conditional green card and have just filed I-751 jointly
The child's mother has had a new spouse since 2015 and I have a new spouse since 2019
Correction all our children are on their own have jobs and one is married with children.
I knew already that divorce would happen in the supreme court
I need some help with going through a divorce. I married a man with just a VISA
Yes, I made 2 affidavit"s  of heirs of the estate with a lawyer for another legal I'm going threw....
I wanted to get a legal aid divorce attorney
Pretty much how can i get divorced and not have to have the other party sign since no clue where they are
I’m in divorce process, my wife terminated my health insurance, what can I do about it?
I need help finding an attorney for a contested  divorce
my parner is married with someone else. We just a have a baby together. I want to know the process of an Order of Affiliation
we have a three year old that was conceived before we got married.,
I make 40,000$ a year and have a 10 month old baby not married
I’m already married my wife and I want to chance are last name to her madden name
I need to know if i get married can i relocate with my child
My husband is in prison im trying to file for a divorce and he is not in agreeance.
for 4 years of marriage to ex spouse
I am looking for an divorce attorney in the bronx who can help me get a divorce
The divorce was in Manhattan. And the full custody was in Staten island
ther is no current order in place and the mother and i were never married
My girlfriend and I aren't married,  but she's having twins.  How do we split full rights?
do I need a attorney to file an uncontested divorce?
My partner(woman) is married to someone else but they are not together
Is there any document that proves that the person I am living with now is my daughter's legal father before the divorce comes out?
We have been married for 4 years and we have a 4 year old child
Our legal marriage took place in SC
I need help with marriage, I want to marry my fiancé
I'm married but not with the person since 2017 im with someone else and we recently had a baby I recieved a lettebd
She really only has two options at this point... Emancipate herself from her father... or get married before 1:15pm!
He was my boyfriend but we never got married. We have a baby though.
my partner's ex girlfriend because our relationship has harassed, stalked and done damage to my businesses
I am so upset I am 63 years old and married 32 years
me and my sons father was never married and  my son lives with me I want to move out of state
I am looking to get divorce.  I can’t afford an attorney.
my daughter is in a unique position not actually being married to him
The 1st marriage with 2 children were married 19 years, 2nd 10 with 1 child and 3rd no children
because legally I am married to another person but my divorce is in process
Hello I have a client who is a DV victim who is pursuing an uncontested divorce. Would they be eligible for services?
The divorce is being  filed in a Saratoga court but the children live in Washington County
I would also like to know how Can I have vision in order. We were never married
By official legal documents, can an Islamic divorce certificate be considered one?
I have primary physical custody of my boys he has them Sunday and wed over night
My disabled adult son needs help with  social security and a marriage annulment - can you help him?  I have 17A guardianship of him.4
Is it alright in terms of law and everything that I can marry
I'm in the middle of drawn out divorce. I just found out I'm pregnant with my boyfriend. There is no doubt he is the father.
I also mentioned to her that I’d be looking for a divorce attorney
I am looking for free or affordable attorney because my file a Divorce
we are married and I quit my job at his request and we planned to have a baby and now this is happening
I have my legal certificate of still married to this guy from the Ecuador  Government
He is purchasing a new home the closing date is September 30 he still married but separated
not sure how to do that because my daughter mother and I got divorced in AL, she lives in NY and I live in UT
I have been married for the past 6 years, 4 of those years I have lived separately from my husband in another state
We’re can i check to see if I’m still married
This says I would need a separate residence if legally separated. What if my spouse & I got along? Would that apply?
We have 56 yr old wills from our early marriage
I need to find free legal advice and possibly a lawyer. In regards to a contract btwn myself and a wedding venue
We have a child whom is 9 and highly functioning autistic. Our marriage has been over for years and we are both well over 18.
Can you help me find a divorce attorney as well?
My divorce was done in Brooklyn, now i live in lo g island. Does the lawyer has to be in Brooklyn?
im  trying to get a divorce and prove my wife was doing and its continuing to commit adultery
I'm a American citizen in 2014 I married a women in the Phililppines online with an Islamic Imam as we are both Muslim
We have been back together for a lil over 6months and hope to get married within a year God willing
my question is- there is no marriage- does the father have equal rights?
we have finally come to an agreement with his ex spouse
Yes Hi I am in Nassau county, I am looking for a divorce lawyer that speaks Arabic
will i get a copy of the certificate of dissolution of marriage?
how do i proof that my marriage is broken for 6 months for a no fault divorce ?
I need help to find out what to do in my case... i got married in brooklyn like 13 years ago...
I would like to know if I'm still legally married to someone or I'm not anymore
i am in need of a pro bono or low bono divorce lawyer
I need to know what my rights are as his oldest child. As he isn't married
in ny, if i did not sign a prenup, am i entitled to half of the marital assets?
if I want to file a divorce, can you help me find an attorney that not expensive?
i think that takes 3 years of marriage
Hello me and my wife are self represented in a divorce court in NY
Custody -they still legal married without any divorce talk
NYLAG doesnt help with that I have a DV lawyer there helping me with divorce
Lookibg for help with certificate of jon impedment(freedom to marry
how can the biological father give the baby he’s last name. Even if I’m still married
i am looking for assistance in find a low cost attorney for a divorce with a child under 18
Where can I find if a military spouse can get divorced while the service member is deployed?
I would like to know if my marriage is still valid.
I got married and not to her and that played a huge part in it
actually I am sorry we got married in Manhattan
We were married in a court house that I believe was in Manhattan.
if i am married less than a year can I get an annulment?
I'm still married of 18 years he left oct 2019 and moved tp Pa with his girlfriend
I’m never married with the father of my kids
I need to contact a divorce for a low cost.  Raising two kids and don’t make much
Hello have a question not married we are separating we have a 3 month old as the mother do I have sole custody
