Is full custody the same as sole custody (physical and legal)?
Hi, I need help. I have share custody so I es t to move to different state. But his father doesn’t want
I need help with filing and representation for a child custody case
and he is not following the current joint custody order.
when a grandparent is filing for custody, do they use the same general form 17 or a third party form?
Hello I would like to file for sole or primary custody
Me and her have joint legal custody with physical placement at her home
yea child custody to do joint custody
is it possible to have shared custody, being that we don't live close to each other
will I also need to do a custody form? I would like to have sole physical custody and joint legal
The father of my kids is taking me to court to get joint custody.
How do I get started fighting for sole custody
We had gone to court back in 2009/2010 and we were given joint custody, we never saw the judge we just came to an agreement
Yes that’s okay Hi just wondering is there a way to file for custody online in New York
Can you point me to the legal documents needed so I can file for sole physical custody
When filing for joint custody is it mandatory for other parent/guardian to know my living address
How do I go about filing for full custody of my daughter who is living g with me
Hi I've been filing for full custody over my daughter and I have a few questions about the forms to be filing.
i stay with them i pickthem up i doeverything for them i would like joint custody
We have joint custody.  But he is the residential custodian and doing a poor job
I am scared to file because he continually threatens to file full custody
Im a father in nyc and I'd like to know how can I get joint custody of my son that 10 yrs old?
do i leave it as joint legal custody and just say i want to relocate and the reason?
Hi so I’m trying to file for joint custody with my sons father. How do I go about that
I do, I have joint custody with my baby father. He’s been keeping my  kids away from me for three months
I called the court to get a copy of joint custody
no, his 'rights' are basically from being on B.C.   He said he will fight for joint custody but he's not fit
Hi I am inquiring because my child father wants to file for Joint physical custody
is it possible that to other party can file for joint custody years later with the party not were never married
How can I go about filing for full custody of my daughter?
Fathers are requesting and fighting for joint custody nowadays and getting it.
We are happy with how the attorney represented the case...but the exchange of info after the award of joint custody has been abhorrent.
We can't do split custody between New York and Georgia, right?
As a grandparent, if I feel my grandkids are in a unsafe environment am I able to file for custody?
they parties have 50/50 custody but one is taking the other for full custody
someone also told me that filing a GF-17 shows the court I want full custody.
Hi.. I’m trying to get joint custody over my son
I wanted to go about filing for split custody with my child father
There is currently no custody agreement and the parents were not married. Looking to obtain custody or joint custody
With my son's case they granted me custody automatically so i never had to file. Why didn't they do that this time?
I am searching for Joint Custody forms for my nephew.
She disappeared on Nov 8 and I filed for sole custody on the 12th of the same month.
Hello how do i file for custody? Do i go in person or am i able to do some of the stuff online
It wasn’t a joint account. She does added me as a credit card user.
We have joint legal and physical custody, but he lives with her most of the time
Looking on how find or file for old custody rites documents stating I have joint custody
Me and my kids father want joint custody can we go in today to do that?
Her friends mom called CPS and and is filing for custody.
Can joint custody be arranged even if we are living in the same house
Unfortunately no.  She was  never served so I dont know the specifics.  Her kids believe he was filing for joint custody.
The money part should be stopped and I want joint custody with t h my son.
i want to file for full custody or be considered the custodial parent
I need help filing for custody in a extreme case and I live in another state at this time there is no custody order established
Yes we have.joint custody but my daughter hasn't gone over in a month and he thinks living with him would be better
I hvae an existing decree.  I have 50/50 joint legal and physical custody
so I’ve been reading and i think best option is join custody
if i want to file for sole custody what forms do i need to file out and may i print them out
i would like to know where can I file sole custody? I live in Manhattan
I want to file for joint custody of my child
I'm trying to file for joint custody and just discovered the courts are closed. How can I do so online?
i would like to file for joint custody in suffolk county
We have a current order, states she is with me Sunday to Thursday shared placement shared custody
How long is a joint custody mediation form good for?
Good evening, I am interested in filing for sole custody of my daughter. Where or how can I start the process?
I'm filing for full custody of my daughter the father is not around and does not do anything nor help
Ok thank you. One more thing is sole custody the same as full custody
Hey can I file for sole custody online ?
I’m looking to change primary custody
hello..i wanted to know do my children mother have to take me to court for joint  custody of OUR  CHILDREN
It’s not really. Becuase I was trying to file joint custody and it’s not letting me online
For the most part. I was awarded the residential custody temporarily but for the past 12 years it was set as joint custody
i want to file for sole physical custody and shared legal custody of my daughter
How do I file to put a custody order in place online
Me and my son’s mom have joint custody but he lives with her. Don’t she have to make decisions including me?
I have a newborn and want to quarantine and not come out - can I file for sole custody online?
I wanted to know how does one parent start the process for filing for custody
Thank you. If I had to leave the location to another state would I file custody in the current state or the previous state
My daughter is the custodial parent. She would like to file for sole custody.  How would she do that ?
Hi I'm am trying to go about filling for joint custody for my son
well right now we have jointed custody but he has not seen nor done anything for my child for two years
I don't understand the process put forth by   the website, how do I go about filing custody?
Sure, I understand.  How can I go about filing for custody?
I need to find out about the requirements to file for sole custody citing abandonment as the cause
So you can't explain what sole and joint custody actually mean? I was reading the info on the website already, and that's why I'm confused.
I have joint custody with the mother of my son. She has final decision. She has been in the hospital for 1 week.
Me and the mother are having an impasse with her granting me joint legal and physical custody.
Been to court, have joint custody but she refuses to release the child
I have questions about filing for joint custody or drafting paper for joint custody or custodial versus non custodial right agreements.
I would like to go for joint residential custody for my son
Hi I will be going through divorce and I would like to know if I can still get custody or joint custody thanks
We would like joint custody but don't know what her address is gonna be. She is leaving in 1 week.
Hi, I’m just trying to find the form for joint custody.
I meant joint legal and physical custody.
i also wasnt to file a cplr2201  in order to keep custody the same.
Can the paternal grandma file grandaughters custody
The week prior to that, I had filed for joint custody. If we already have joint custody, will we get a new hearing?
I filed for custody yestaday but that may take longer
What are reasons for not awarding joint legal custody? If the other parent won’t communicate?
Do I have a chance at getting joint legal and physical custody under the current circumstances?
With 50 -50 joint legal and physical custody
can you help me find the DIY form for joint custody of my child
where can i download the forms to file for sole custody
Is there a way to file for custody online since the court houses are closed
Not married. He want joint custody the child lives with him
and also because I am currently going to court because my daughters father wants joint custody
We have joint custody of my son, his father is his residential parent.
I have a joint custody order and I’m not being allowed to speak to my daughter
hello i need help with filing for custody of my daugther and also to stop childsuppoert
I want information regarding how joint custody works.
Hi I have a few questions about the filing for custody process
Do I get custody first, and then file for support, or file them both together?
How do I file for sole custody in Bronx county
hi what would i need to file for split responsibility
I want to file for child support and full custody I need assistance
Hello, I am looking to file for joint custody of my child, is there a DIY form?
Its joint custody but I never see him. She doesn't allow it.
I have joint. Legal custody but I want it more detail
I need help filling for joint custody
I live in mount Vernon ny I would like to file for joint custody of my 2 kids where di I go to file
How can I copy’s of my joint custody case
im a single mother of a child of a disabled child.. do i need to file for sole custody?
