Im being sued by a debt collector. They sent me links to free legal aid, covid consumer assistance
(if possible, try to send the link from LawHelp
Plz if you can find a form! In the meantime I will have a look at the link, your kindness is highly appreciated.
The link that you shared above with me redirect me back into this chat
Every time I click on the link you send me it reopens to our conversation
No thanks. I'll pass along the link
As for a link to the site, that's another difficulty I'm having…
Hi Christina can u send me the free lawyer link again
So the second link would be what I want or the first one?
I’m going to look at that link that you just sent me thank you so much stay safe and healthy
They send me the link to the form earlier and I forgot to save
same link u just sent u sent again
Thank you so much. Also it appears it will not allow me to check the link while our chat is still going.
The link you sent says page not found
The link kept bringing me back to the chat
(you can send a link to legal aid - but queens based one)
You can’t just send me the link for I could open it and print it right away
Sorry, when you use voice spell, the words sometime do not come out right. Instead of spell it was supposed to say for
Every time I click a link you send me it closes my browser
Thanks. If you provide the link, I will pass it along to her.
I already read the links you sent prior to contcting you.
(great- just sent you a link to chat for 5 min)
okay I’ll follow the link thank you !
(Nope- please read through and send me some link you think are helpful)
i accidentally deleted the link you sent me at the end of our conversation
Nope u been great I’ll follow up in the morning with both links u sent me
OK The link you sent  is there offices in NYC
Thankyou.. ill give that link a try
Ok got them and I think I have the other link thanks again!
ahh alright then thanks anyway I will enquire of that thruough those links you sent also
also a link to the form would be good sorry
that you send me the link I will follow that thanks stay bless
I just want to point out that they do nothing other than supply a link back to you!!
No. Every link keeps bringing me back to this chat for some reason. I'm sorry
I see perfect I took note of that link- it helps Thanks!
No, I am going to start on those links you sent me....agIN THANK YOU.
Is there any way you could send me a link to the form i need?
ok thank you for your help i will follow link and call
ok thank you and what about an updated link to the previous one you sent
can you send me the pdf link to complete forms?
Thank you. I already copied the links, but I will do as you suggest.  Thank you again.
Hi. I lost connection after you sent me the link
I didn’t get the link! I’m so glad it’s you lol
Hello you didn’t help you just keep sending me links instead of answering my questions
spoke with some one earlier and they provided me this link to get legal services.. they did not help.
Yes for the women’s law link you sent me, how do I talk to staff?
do you know the procedure or is able to give me a link of someone who can?
When I click on the link you provided it sending me back to this message board
(remember to send the link to LHNY as well. See Task 1 as an example: (Legal Referrals - always try your best to send two)
Okay, thank you again for your help.  The links were very helpful.
What was that link that you just gave me 2 minutes ago?
I think if you send me the link to file I could do it .
Well I asked because you sent me a link to appeal
If you have a link that you can send me I would appreciate it thank you
I will take a look at the links you sent. Thank you!
Well I tried going to the link you sent me about SRO law project but it just redirects me here
That's fine but I will like the link to the do it yourself form. Thanks
The link keeps bringing me back to this chat
the first link that you sent me shows a bunch of forms, would any of those have to do with filing for custody?
The link you sent goes back to this chat
Last link is somehow taking me back to our chat
Need the form link. I’m not sure what type of form I would need though.
I was emailing that link you sent me, Im sorry I didn't know you were still here.
And Jade, the link you send to me directed me back to the conversation page again.
No but will this chat session stay in my window so i can check all the things you have sent links to
don’t know how to send link... am on lawhelpny.gov
That link keeps bringing me back to the chat
Ok, thank you for your help.  I will look at that link.
No, I'm going to the link to see if I can get it.
And u sent me a link for free lawyers
The last link that you sent pulled me back this conversation
If not let’s just start again , please send the link
no, I said to pick a few and send the individual links.
i'll try this link, hopefully it will work. thank you so much
So I just start the process online through the lawhelpinteractive link you sent me?
When i hit the link, it opens, then throws me back here
it was from a link sent by social worker, but it is wrong i beleive. yes this is definately not traditional
I understand. My break is over in 5 min , will you send me the link regardless?
I clicked on the link it’s sending me back to our chat
The link you’ve sent is so irrelevant. I don’t understand why you would send me there.
Thanks. I tried the link but it says its a bad  request. Can you resend?
Thank you. Yes please continue to send me all relevant links in this chat.
Hi, I just asked how to efile, and because of your survey I can't access the link, can you pls sent to me again?
yes that is the name change link that I used
The link you sent me comes right back to the website I’m on?
The link to the David Project just keeps bringing me back to this chat.
that was for Erie co. Can you send me the link for Oswego county?
If a link to direct me would be ok if you could
They instructed me to go on line.  The link led me here.
Can I ask a follow up question before opening the link you just sent
Every time I select the link you sent me
That link keeps rerouting me back to this window
thank you for that link i will def look into it.. you have been a great help
Sadly it says the second link does not exist.
Thanks and I will just check the link you gave me. Have a great night.
thank you for now.i'm checking all the links you sent
i see thank you ill check out the link
When I click the Link above you send me it’s put me back to you
Thank    will try this link or call them I appreciate your help.
Send the last link one more time plz
couple days ago somebody helped me and sent me a link
Yes thank you for the number and link. Have a good day and stay safe and healthy
Ok for some reason this last link isn’t working
Is the office you are speaking of listed in the link you sent?
no worries.  I will use the link you sent and start there.  Thanks!
As I said, the link brought me back to lawhelp
The first link keeps bringing me back here I can’t open it
Not at the moment I will use the link you sent for further assistance. I appreciate you.
The link keep sending me back to this page
Thank you! Would I proceed by sending the parent this link?
i don't think i did i used the link in safari not the link on the right side
Okay the link you provided is sending back to the chat?
ok I will go to the link you sent me thank you for your help
not unless you have a magic wand make all this go away ....i hope I can get someone to listen believe me do something
so when I wanted to pursue this, how would I proceed? Or is that information contained in the links you sent over
The support links send me back to this site
Every time I click on the link, it sends me right back to here.
I will  check the other links you send me for  legal representation
