Her family would like to find a lawyer in their area and I am trying to help
I am seeking free lawyer regarding asylum
Ok so I'm trying to find an attorney  who can take my case based on if its successfull
We have been hitting a dead end and dont know who to turn to so thank you
I'm  trying to get some legal help
I'm trying to start a case to get sole cust
Ok thank u I’ll try also
I am trying to find low or no cost, since I have a low income
Ok, I’ll give it a try, thank you
Hi, I’m trying to find legal aid in Queens, NY
trying to find an attorney in broome county to help me on crime
There isn't much that I've tried to get someone to help us
im trying to find someone to help with this matter
I am trying to help my friend find an atterony for a civil matte against Police
I was approved for a public defender out there, but I was trying to find my own council from a different organization
i was try to see if the courts can give the same lawyer
i dont know yet but i will give it a try
Okay I'll try thanks for the help
Hello, I’m trying to find a free or low cost lawyer for a family law domestic violence court case coming up on 12/10.
Hello good evening I’m trying to find a lawyer to help me with a case for MTA
How would they help with trying to get a lawyer?
I'm trying to get information on rights for a legal wife to make decisions on spouse if he has a girlfriend
Hello  I am trying to find get help for my
I was looking for help involving an injured person trying to get home from short term rehab
I am trying to get in touch with someone with legal aid
I’m trying to find a lawyer that can help me out and to understand my case .
No that's a huge start for me to try for help thank you again
I'm trying to find out my next court date
Ok I will give it a try thanks for the help
I'm  dealing with an estate to try to move forward with my other kin or heir (brother) of the estate is
But I can’t seem to find the start a new one
I'm afraid that his moms family is going to try to take him from me at some point
I have a divorce, I’m trying to find free legal help
I’m just getting the run around I’m just trying to find out what I need to do to get my kids
Hi. Im trying to help someone locate a parole  Attorney
Hi I'm seeking legal representation for a criminal case
I'm trying to find the right agency to go through for the issue that I am having
I’m trying to find a legal aid for my up coming case
Good morning. I am trying to find a pro bono lawyer to help me with discrimination and harassment at my workplace.
I was trying to find a lawyer to help me with my case
I'm trying to find some help regarding personal issue
Im trying to find a power of attorney for myself to take over my handicapped sons care
No I am looking to start one so I am trying to find out if the court re own for this.
hello, i love in erie county and i wash trying to find how to get expungement from family court
ok thank you ill try what you gave me really want pro bo
Hi. I'm trying to find somewhere to get legal help, but I'm not sure where to look for my situation.
Hi i am trying to get more information on getting a lawyer
i am trying find help with writing  a response to an affirmation in opposition.
Hi there I’m trying to find a lawyer to help me
Hello im trying to get some help from you guys ive delt a lawyer from here
Ok thanks I’ll give it a try
Hello, I am trying to find out where to start in this situation:
Im having trouble finding a labor or employment attorney
I'm trying to get another lawyer on my case I currently have how can I get another legal aid?
yes i'm trying to touch base with a precriminal defense attorney
I’m seeking help with a custody case and representing yourself or finding a pro bono attorney in the Albany area
I’m trying to find low cost legal aid in the Bronx
ok i'll try there thanks so much be well - have a great weekend!
I'm trying to find a basic course of action in helping a group of people
Hi! I am disabled and I need to try to find representation for a divorce and custody matter.
I have a case in NYC and north Carolina trying to collect money from me from a case that's close
trying to find how to get a free lawyer
I'm trying to find out if this Law Firm is legit. Parker Waichman LLP
need assistance finding a lawyer for a ny state inmates release due to covid-19
ok Thank you I am going to try to find a more affordable lawyer from the links you sent
ok I'll give that a try thank you for your help
You helped me the other day- trying to get free help with a veterans appeal on disability
thanks I’m trying to help the mom with this issue
I'm trying to get SSDI and I don't know where to go to find a representative or lawyer to help me
I’m trying to get a legal aid lawyer for help
Well the first one major life activtes im struggling with all of ut
hello, I just lost connection. I was trying to get the contact of the New York Supreme Court
Im tryin to get a court date
No, not at this time I’m just trying to find someone to help me quickly
i will  try hopefully i can find what i need with your help thank you again
Hello I’m trying to find a real estate lawyer for queens area
What are the chances of getting an attorney with the financial constraints we face right now
I am a law student in another state and I am trying to help a friend who has court at 9 am tomorrow
I’ve tried everyone. No one will help us
afternoon i was trying for a few days down to find a lawyer
no I don’t I’m trying to get a legal aid attorney I don’t work neither does she
I’m trying to find information about home health aide services canon ex-wife be a home health aide
I'm just trying to find out how can I get the arrears that is own to my daughter
I am trying to find a pro bono attorney to help with executive clemency for my husband who is currently incarcerated
I tried to give him the benefit of the doubt smh
I'm trying to think of any other questions I may have. You have been very helpful. I have a better understanding of the reality now.
Im struggling to find an attorney to help me
I recreational us an my mother an step father are try to take my child away how can I stop this
I’m trying to find a lawyer that helps with mental health law services and advocacy in WestChester county
I'm trying to find out how to go about getting the dependents stimulus for two kids I have custody of
Ok, I'll try. Thank u
Yes.   I am trying find out attorneys handle and the potential cost.
I’m trying to see when it’s my next court date
Hi,  I have a pfl case going into litigation.  I was trying to find a attorney to possibly help. If not I need some information
Can you guide me towards someone who would? This isn't for me so I'm trying to help someone I know as much as I can
I am trying locate legal advice regarding housing and special education attorneys
Okay ty sorry just trying to find some direction.
yes sorry I have been looking for 3 weeks A high school friend an attorney tried
I’m trying to get in touch with my legal aid
now im getting some therapy for me and my kids through this process
Hi. I'm a parent coordinator at a school in queens trying to help a family of one of our students
Yes but im trying to get help to get another attorney
I need help tryin to get a lawyer
I'm trying to find out if a woman by the name of Jennifer Bleys is an active attorney in NY
I'm trying to find some kind of legal service that could potentially help her.
I am desperately searching for pro bono representation of my sister and me . . . in an intrafamilial matter that is about to explode . . .
Also tried advocate office every number I can find
I'm trying to find a legal attorney who can help me open a case against someone owing me money
that is very helpful, thank you! Is there one listed on livehelp you think I should really try to get assistant from?
i live in berrien County and i am trying to find help to put my niece in foster care
Ok I will try the justice center as well. What will they be able to help me with
No my friend does I'm just trying to help her find help with the situation
I'm trying to determine what my rights and who can help me determine the best course of action with and employment matter
I am trying to find a form to stop an income execution of my wages by an ex landlord
Good morning,  i am trying to locate attorneys for  low  income families
No worries I'll definitely try to find a solution to this issue thanks again
Having hard time finding a new place
There was no particular issue just tried to find a way to find aid from this organization
