do you know anything about completing general form 17 for visitation rghts?
what DIY form do I use for Grandparent visitation
Hello where could I find information regarding setting up visitation order with a noncustodial parent who lives out of ny state
I have a court case tomorrow about child visitations and I would like advice
I need a mediator and where can I go to start a visitation process ?
My ex is refusing me visits with my son and choosing when and how long I can see him for
it's been a long time i know. but it's been always torturing me and haunting me
i have a visitation case in queens family court
child services has been useless. They have made no surprise visits
The only question I really have is how do I go about getting a copy of a visitation order in ny?
I would like legal advice on relocation custodial
I would like info re: grandparents visitation rights
I need family court help. Changing visitation.
okay, i just want to relocate, that would be the only difference and the time of visits
Hello gm can I close a case for customer visitstion ? Before the court date ?
Greeting: I have a legal question about child visitation rights
estoy en el proceso de separación con el papá de mi hijo y quiero dejar establecidas visitas manutención custodia y todo
Hello i would like to get information on visitation?
I need legal advice on visitation rights and custody
Can you tell me what a parent can do if the adopted parent isn't responding to request for a visit
I need a family court lawyer for visitation
the child went for a visit July 4th weekend and was supposed to be back a few weeks ago
I’m really worried as covid pushed out various medical visits till July but as a result I feel that everything is stalling
Hello where can I go online to file for Visitations of my daughter
I would like to know if visitation cases have begun to be heard yet?
I will like to open up a visitation case with my kids father
i would like to make an appointment for custody / visitation
Good Morning I am looking for help and info in regards to mediation for visitation
I did not let my son go to his visitation this past weekend bc I was worried for his safety
He doesn’t cancels his visitations without notice
When would i get a new temporary order of visitation
What form to file to start a visitation case?
Do you know if I can have my visitation order mailed to me ? Or should I contact them directly
I need the forms for a modification of divorce for visitation to see my daughter
I would like to know how much cost an hour a supervising visit
Hi, I am only looking for the DIY online form to start a new custody and visitation order
I was wondering how do I go about going to court for my babyfather to visitation right
I try looking online for days for forms or whatever.  And it just complicated.  I just want visit right not lose custody of my child
Hello I waned to know how to start visition paperwork with the courts
Hi I was receiving help from another person, she was getting information on how to go about getting visitation rights
It is still open. Our next court date is Monday February 1st where supervised visits will be ordered
She is mostly concerned about how she can get visits in ( which I told her we can't do right now)
i went recently to pick up my visitation order
Hello I am wondering if the courts are open to file for visitation right for my child.
I just need a new copy of a court document about visitations we put in place last year
I am inquiring information for my boyfriend who has 2 children and wants visitation.
I wanted to ask if in NY supervised visits were ever a permanent order
my x wife isnt respecting our custody visitation schedule for my son. keeps taking our days
OK thank you for the information but how do I go about setting up the mediation to arrange for temporary visits?
I would like to know how can I start a visitation case
I was wondering if there is anything I can do about visitation orders not being followed during the covid scare
I am an Early Intervention teacher and want you to know it was a pleasure dealing with you.
can I complete both the order to show cause and the visitation modification
I have without any good reason and no cps have supervised visits only 2 hours twice a week
would i be able to have supervised visits done with my therapist?
I have a visitation court hearing on Monday November 18.
I was just wondering what the guidance is for child visitation during this stay at home order?
4 hours a month. she visits 4 hours a month and that's it.
Ok. Is there any idea when the courts will open? Could I start the process of adjusting the visitation?
we will need to be seen by the judge because both parents cant come to a visitation agreement.
What is my right in the shelter for an overnight family holiday visit.  Im the onlu person in shelter and there. Will be no staff
Can you offer clarification on a  divorce residency question or suggest a place that can?
what are the visitation guidelines on non Custodial visitations on covid-19 virus and lock down?
section 5b(i) : would that be referring to the original visitation order that was given?
Hi , i would like to get some information on visitation rights and custody
hi i am looking for the form to file for visitations for my kids
Can you help out with filling out an DIY visitation form
I need in formation about Family Court Visitation
I need help finding a pro Bono lawyer for a visitation case in family court
Abogado de la corte para visitas con mi niña
I want to know what the rules are for supervised visitation in NY
Thank you for this information. I definitely want the kids to be able to see them but want to know that their visits are safe.
How do I start the process to have supervised visitations only for my daughters father?
Good morning,  my name is Bree Diaz and I am wanting to get visitation time with my granddaughter.
That visitations were still to be kept the same even during covid
Which form for grandparent visitation for family court
The mother (my daughter) has supervised visits until April
Hello. Yes I'm hoping you can. How do I get a mediator for visitation with my daughter.
Thank you so much for tour assistance Oliver.  Have a good day and stay safe.
I’m confused what “father gets free and liberal visitation as long as both parties agree” with mother having placement of child.
Kind of like an extended vacation, but he would need a pediatrician there
I would like to know when are my visitation days
I am going for full custody. I don't trust him having visitations of our kids
Hi, I have a question regarding child visitation for my son.
I want to know information about visitation rights of a father
She is open to working out an amicable custody/visitation arrangement
Morning I was wondering on which documents to print for a new visitation case. I'm helping my boyfriend out.
Hello I'm trying to see about visiting rites and whens my new court date
Would you know how long would visitation take to be effective ,
I want to know how do I start the process not to allow my soon to be ex husband to get visitation on our kids?
Is there documentation about New York guidance for child visitation during COVID?
he stated he will continue the current visitation schedule
I am not looking for support.  I am looking to have visitation modified
I'm looking for some assistant in modifying my visitation order.
I’m wondering what I would have to do to get court ordered visitation with my child
Just wanted to mention this is not just a visit, she wants to take her there to live.
I have the 3 kids.  Kids want to shorten return time on Sunday's, coming home from their father's visitation time every other weekend.
Hey I would like to know how do I get visitation rights to see my kids
I was wondering if there is a way to see a current temporary order of visitation online?
i Would like to know regarding my visitation order
Mother is going for sole custody of children and we are going over visitations
my oldest daughter has custody of my adult handicap child. i would like to at least get visitation where wuld i start
I am not getting my visitations and will like to know how to go about this situation
and with visitation does that involve picking up you child without having the other parent there?
yes, my children have visitation with their father once a week
I wamted to know how i could go about  appealing a visitation order that is set in place for my child
Looking to get more information on grandparents rights for visitation
Do you have information for Therapeutic Supervised Visits providers for New Jersey?
can my supervised visits be done with independent contractors?
I see on the page for enforcement but haven’t located the for for the start of visitation
Good Morning,  I was writing because I have a question regarding relocation
I just would like to know where and how to apply for child visitation in Bronx New York city
I need family visitation legal help
I Would like to find out how i can get custody or visitation for my son
Is there a visitation hold right now in Erie county?
Which form for grandparent visitation family court?
what are the guidelines now on non-custodial visitations now with covid-19 virus at stake ?
