I would like to file for custody and don't see this option
Hi how can I file for full custody for my 5 year old on line
Hello I want to file for custodial custody
I need help regarding filing for full custody and child support for my son
I am still married, divorce pending, and would like to file for joint custody.
also can i file custody while living together
i will like to file for joint chlid custody
I need to find the document to file for custody
I need to know what options I have besides filing for custody and going at this alone.
I need help to file for full custody of my children but I don't know how to do it
I need direction on how to file for full legal and physical custody. I am asking for my daughter
I would like to file for custody online how do I do that
when i file for custody will i see a mediator first?
hello I need help with filing for custody online
What steps are taken when you want to file joint custody?
Thank you Celine. I'm filing for Full Custody.
I am looking to file for joint custody of my daughter but I cannot find the correct form on the website
I’m interested in knowing what can I do to file for custody of my son
I need to file custody for both my kids and need help filing it
I need help on filing for custody online?
Hi, Where can I find the steps on how to file custody?
I need help on how and what I need to do to file for custody of my son.
I need to file a full custody form but I don’t find it
I would like to file for joint custody for my children
Hello I need help filing for custody of my daughter
I’m looking for the custody form to file to get custody of my little brother
hi i need to file for custody and how do i do this online so i can get a court date im filinf in queens
i just need to know how to file for joint custody
They wont let me file for custody without paternity???
Hello I need help filing for full custody
I'm looking to file for  full custody or shared . What forms are available
Im looking for joint/ 5050 custody
There is a joint custody case but the order doesn't state anything about relocation and I am thinking of leaving the country
I wanted to know if there’s a way to take my daughters mother to court for joint custody
Hello I just wanted to know how I can file for sole and physical custody
Hi I need help filing for custody of my son back
can you help with a site  that i can file for custody online without printing
i would like to file the form for full custody but I don’t find it
I need help on filing for support and Custody online
Yes I am for right now I’m in another state but I need to come back to nyc to file for custody
That’s okay thank you,I’m filing for custody these few days as well ,almost done with that
So I want to file for custody but I don’t know how this should go
i was looking for information on to file for full custody
I am still married, divorce pending,  and would like to file for joint custody.
Am seeking help getting joint custody of my daughter
I need to understand what I need to fdo to file for full custody
I just need help filing for child support and custody online
This is my first time filing , theres so custody established.
Hey I would like to know the steps to filing full custody
He wants to take me to court and file custody rights
i'm asking...can i register the order and file for custody at the same time?
I would like to file for joint custody
Hello Is there a way to file for custody on line
what forms do I need To file for custody, we don’t have any type of custody in order yet
need to file for full custody in manhattan
i havent filed for custody yet , ever
Where can I find free legal services to file for custody
does not that apply where people are married to file for joint custody
I need help filing for full custody over my two daughters
YES HI I NEED HELP FILING FOR CHILD SUPPORT AND CUSTODY
I want to file for sole custody of my daughter
I would like to file for joint custody and I don't already have an order
I need to file for custody in  Westchester New York
The court order is for custody  and I have place mate and joint custody
I want to know how to file for full custody
Can i file for custody online or I have to go to the courts
I wanna file custody for my daughter
now im looking to file for full custody.
I need help looking for the document to file custody
I need help to file full custody of my daughter
Hi Im filing custody order for the first time, which form should I use?
Hello I need help with filing for full custody
hello where can i find the application to file for full custody
I'm almost ready to file for full custody at this point.
Do I need a reason to file for full custody?
Yes. Can you help me find the forms I need to file for custody?
Hello I'm looking for forms to file for custody
how fast can I file for custody if I evict her without allowing her to take him
No I’ve never filed custody order
i need help filing for joint custody
I don't have a court case I only have joint custody
Hello my name is Julissa and I want to file for full custody for my son
I need to find the forms to file for custody
I’m looking for help regard filing for a custody agreement
are these to initially file for custody or only for existing cases
There is a Cps case open and I want to file for custody
Do I need to go in court to file for custody,?
i am looking to file for sole custody for my daughter
i want to file for full custody can I get the form online
I need help to file for custody, I can't find any forms online
I want To file for full custody and was wondering if it’s open due to covid
yes, what is the document I need to file for full custody
I just need the website to get the forms to file for custody
I need help to file for my daughters custody
I need assistance with filing child custody
I would like information about how to file for full custody
hi how can i file for joint custody of my children
have you also provided the link to file for full custody
How can I go by to file for joint custody Being that Covid is a problem?
Hello I need help with filing for full custody for my daughter
Just need to know how to file for a custody case during the pandemic?
Hi I need the form to file for custody
I need some help filing for custody of my son
I want to file for custody online for my son
I need help filing for full custody for my daughter
hello it’s my first time and I want to file for full custody
I’m looking for how to file custody and support
I will like to file for join and physical  custody
I like to file for full custody what is the link
I want to file for joint physical custody
I'm looking to filing joint custody what are the forms
i cant find the links to file for custody
The only option to get custody recognized by the court is to file a case then?
