Ok and I am deaf I need a lawyer who have experience with deaf people
Where I can find someone who is oriented in both kind of law.
It was a letter regarding Medicaid and now they say I need to pay them back or have a lawyer within a week
I have an ACS worker and a community therapist through ACS. She works for Jewish Board Services.
It's a black BMW 2013 that I bought in auction.
Maybe a lawyer since a few organizations turned me down.
That would be great! I have called a lot of employment lawyers and haven't gotten any results.
Maybe there is some lawyer who is providing consultation online
Good, both of us are in the Bronx. Would I be assigned a lawyer?
Yes if I can get a legal aid lawyer that would be great.
Ok, thank you, worse case I'll call my lawyers office again. thanks for your assistance
Yes...its critical that I understand the law category as lawyers have specialization like medical malpractice, divorce, tax law.
also where can i find a lawyer pro bono?
does the lawyer have to be in dutchess county to take his case ?
Cab you assist with connecting with a court appointed lawyer ?
I will try the senior one I guess. I was really hopeful this site had more specific types of lawyer referrals.
Hello, I would like assitance finding a probono lawyer in Nassau county
is common law marriage seen as legal?
thats why i REALLY NEED a lawyer that can represent us out there
can i tell the judge my concern or wait until i get the lawyer
Can you tell me what kind of lawyer I need to contact?
Are there lawyers that assist ppl like myself. I certainly can not afford one
Is there an elder law attorney that will give free legal advice?
Apologies not necessary, I am sure this is all new law.
But was not aware she needs a lawyer, shes never had an issue with a tennant before.
This thing happened in NJ City, can I find ny's lawyer? 、
Nassau Suffolk Law services I think
I have called several lawyers but none of them would take the case. I will follow up on your suggestions. Are there any more options
im just looking to be pointed in the direction of a lawyer that can help
and I would like to get a lawyer appointed to me before my court date
Do you also have a list of lawyers in Westchester County who do pro bono work?
I am looking for a lawyer to help me in a case. Can you help?
Do you have volunteer lawyer  assisting me in civil law case here.  Can I get contact number.
the judge urged me to get a probono lawyer...........and im stuck.
Not sure about the lawyer unless it's pro bono
If I can go and ask the judge then for him to pay for retainer for a new lawyer
Hi I have three lawsuit in court and I also want to sue my landlord. Can youhyou with a lawyer
ok can I have a name and number I need a lawyer ASAP
I need lawyer to get my daughter back from her mother because she is doing hard drugs.
But my child needs a new lawyer. That’s what I’m asking for
Need help filing for lawyer online
Although my incompitent lawyers sent me a notice to appear
Okay do you help find lawyers in regards to a case
No I will go to local lawyer. Its complicated. Thanks for your time.
I am looking for free legal advice on a cyber incident that occurred. Would you be able to send me possible lawyers who could assist?
i doubt i would qualify for pro bono or low income help.  is that the only type of lawyers on this site?
No I wasn’t looking for a lawyer I was looking for information for the court
How can I get a probono lawyer because I have been taken to cleaners for the last 5 yrs?
Thank you for the info.  Would it be prudent on our part to secure a lawyer to help us?  We are in North Carolina.
And when I say lawyer(s) I mean each time I go to court a different lawyer from there firm shows up.
I’ll try the rural law center
I need a lawyer because I sued as prose many times and i got scammed in courts
I am waiting for lawyer to get back to me but may not be until Thursday or Monday
Ok. Can you tell me if I can have the lawyer removed that established the case?
I will try rural law center of New York
I need a lawyer my lawyer just said she cant help me
Is there specific lawyer I need to file against New York State ?
and want to fire her law guardian and get someone new for her to see what is needed to be seen
I'm not sure if you would provide lawyers for this type of issue.
Several discrimination situations becomes in one. But, at first I need my problem be attended for a lawyer out of Long Island.
hi. I am looking for form to be appointed an lawyer
Lawyers are supposed to be on your side  right and fight for you.?
They gave my daughter a lawyer, and I just applied for a public defender
so can i send the letter  to landlord's lawyer without a lawyer office?
Hello, I was disconnected earlier. I was asking for a help on my case and I wasn’t happy with my current lawyer.
I do not get the answers I need from my lawyers. In fact I am filing a Grievance
well then why does this web site say FREE law help?
I'm just looking for a lawyer that handles my specific situation
I did it, thank you! Would you be able to recommend a lawyer?
also are there any probono lawyers that can assist my mother
I contacte one lawyer and he was askign $5000.00 which I cannot afford
Hi ...do you have listings of pro bono lawyers in my area?
are there lawyers in specific that handle these types of issues
Does that applies to men too? Cause I see that  says women’s law
Are these lawyer free..can l go to Queens legal service to help my brother
I contacted Tina C. Bennet, Esq. (Father's Rights Lawyer)
That says elder law services for people 60 and over. I'm 58.
will small claims court work if the landlord is a lawyer
just one more question do you have any probono lawyers you can refer to me
Please assist me free civil lawyer
Do you recommend any lawyer? I chose poorly last time
Yes they justo recently opened a acs casé i dont want to Jeep talikg yo the ingles i hace a lawyer to represent me
Are there any pro bono lawyers that help with this kind of stuff?
i am in a serious problem and i need a lawyer to solve this , it is very critical
I need a legal malpractice lawyer OR to still sue the parties I wanted to sue in the first place
i took the form asking for a court  appointed lawyer so at the next date i bring that an it'll get adjourned again?
YES I did. I guess a lawyers on the site are they free ?
No my child needs a new appointed lawyer
ok, Thank You for your Help. Is it possible to phone the Lawyer?
Looking to find capacity of free lawyer to help with an evection case. I’m the Tenet
I read that you do not need a lawyer for small claims. Is that true?
Thank you.  I would appreciate the contacts. But is it necessary to have a lawyer in these matters?
I juz wanted to confirm if the lawyer exists in real life or not. Actually, I've her documents but I an
But may I know what kind of lawyer would be well versed in handling this type of situation
Real estate and big lawyer film
And send me the lawyer that solutionated my case and my defense to my to company freelotto-plasmanet-iwinnersadvantage
Should I start with an HR lawyer?  One who understands NFPO's? Both?...
I would like to know where/how To find a criminal lawyer that would review a case
I have typed yes previously with online legal chats no lawyer called me
i didn't find out about the lie until after the 30 days when i released my lawyer and he gave me his files
i want to verify if he would be able to get a free lawyer
i did not ask for legal advice, i am seeking to know what the law says
not advice but lawyers I could see sorry
Is there a way to find a lawyer who offers pro Bono services?
The law changed in June. they just tell me to get a lawyer.
Question:  do I need to find a lawyer in NYS or MD?  I guess that is a start.
also what type of lawyer would be able to help me with a medical bill
Do you have contact information for a lawyer who will be able to guide me in this topic?
I dont need a lower/ I need a Law.
Is there a lawyer that can help me low in charge or pro bono?
OK, so can you provide (inexpensive) lawyers to assist?
but I lost my job since Feb 2020 and want to know if there are free lawyer that could assist me?
The court judges followed the big fraud agent, lawyers forced and put me to on the street
just need a copy not sure why a lawyer is needed
Ok, can you refer me to a Family Law Specialists. Thanks
I am seeking a lawyer in regards to shoddy contractor work. Can you refer any lawyers .
Can I fire my lawyer and continue self representing in court?
So can you give me the number of a free lawyer. I'm on disability
Would this be legal aid or pro Bono lawyers
Yes I just need to ask questions to a lawyer.
I need to write a will can you recommend a lawyer in brooklyn
I need to see if my referral was sent out so I can get my lawyer Becky Powell
Would the bar association have information about pro bono lawyers ?
How can I find out what a lawyers name that represented my brother in his case?
Thank you very much dear Sir, but I ask you to continue helping me to find the right lawyer to solve this case.
But we actually don't have money to pay a lawyer
I have called several lawyers and none seem interested to return my calls
Do you have any list of that kind of lawyer in the Yonkers area.  Or do i just look up family law lawyer?
somehow lawyers seems to help opposition than me
can i get a contact for a legal aid lawyer
nys department give me the 917-661-4500 is the lawyer service?
and i had called them and they said for my lawyer to send them someing
do you know wwhat type of lawyer i should be looking for?
I'd like to speak with a lawyer regarding an ongoing issue with mold
Okay I been Talking asking questions with other lawyers and there’s nobody that wants to help me
Just multiple letters from lawyers asking me to hire them
Looking to find good lawyer for civil suit
Tying to find names of lawyers  low cost or no cost for adoption
ins try to deport LL I WANT A LAWYER TO OBTAIN WWHAT THEY ASK
Can you get me free lawyers in May area
Good Morning, i'm looking for a few lawyer. Are there any groups listed that represent you for free regardless of your income?
I'm disabled & looking for a probono probate lawyer
Is it possible to get help finding a pro bono lawyer for medical malpractice?
need a lawyer to fight it... have two witness’s
You wouldn't know of property lawyers?  I would have to ask the NYC bar association and NYS bar
lawyer my name is stacey elizabeth spendlove
but can I know the cause number to give it to a lawyer
THEY ALSO USE THEIR THUGS ACCORDING TO THE COURT CASE TO FOLLOW PEOPLE AND BREAK IN PEOPLE'S HOMES AND BUSINESSES
I need a lawyer. My ex husband is keeping me from seeing my son.
I guess can you just give me the name of a lawyer who will actually return a call
I've tried legal assistance in Olean, they said to call them when I get eviction court papers and to try a personal injury lawyer.
We need to hire free lawyer for filling
I'm looking for  an inexpensive legal advice service or commercial  lawyer
I need to find criminal defense lawyer
do you have referral to lawyers that specialize on judgement procedures
So I would like a lawyer dealing in this specific county
Are there inexpensive lawyers that can help me in the court room.
Does that mean a free referral to meet with a lawyer?
can someone hire a lawyer to be their Health Care proxy, if they have no family or friends?
I need a referral to a lawyer I have low income I have nothing to give .
where can i get probono lawyer to handle my case?
Hello. I'm in need of a lawyer to help me open up a case against H.R.A and C.S.U
Can you refer any low cost adult guardianship lawyers?
So there is no way to have a legal separation without lawyers?
May I ask if the consultation with the lawyer can that lead to retaining someone?
The lawyer appointed to her till she's 18
How do I get a copy of the court papers.  The lawyer I used is no lomnger practicing
I will call. Legal law service thanks
and any free or court appointed lawyers in Nassau
I need a list of probono lawyers please that can assist with surrogates court matters
What about a specific lawyer that you work with ? But, a housing specialist. A person rather than organization??
Before i review it i was wondering could i get a lawyer out of town to help me with my case
is it possible to have a pro bono lawyer attend court with me? any programs or services available?
I’m wondering if I should get a lawyer or would be okay with a public defender in my case
Thank you for all of your help you have helped me more than the lawyer appointed to my case.
Or referral to legal aid lawyer offices to help me do so
good afternoon, I am seeking free legal help attorneys whom work with cases or can provide legal advice regarding special education.
Someone told me we needed a lawyer but we don’t?
Last time i did this they sent me to two lawyers who were not versed in the CARES act.
I called thousands of lawyers no one took my cases
You were putting me on hold to find me free lawyer referral before it went off
I really don't know if my lawyer brought my case to court, why can't I find it on the court's website?
Yes.  I am looking for a lawyer that specializes in labor relations/civil rights.
Do ny have free patent lawyer for seniors
she asked that I respond with my lawyer’s name but I can’t afford one
I want a lawyer for my fair hearing for snap benefits
I need help to find a lawyer who can help me sue a tow company
Would he read Jermaine stuff being that he has a lawyer and not read mine
thank you for your help! i will start with one of the lawyer referrals you suggested. wish me luck.
My local Dept. of Social Services told me to contact a lawyer because they believe that my landlord cannot do that.
The lawyer I used doesnt practice anymore and I dont have any papers
Yes if you have any lawyers that would handle those cases
If I would like a free lawyer, would you provide me with some
Are there medical malpractice or medical neglect lawyers also .
Need workman’s comp lawyer
Oh I see. I thought you would help with online applications and not law related anything
he contacted a lawyer and they told him that the woman always win so there is no point
I am looking for a lawyer who can give me advice on how to over ride a healthcare proxy.
Are law group better than firms or finding individual lawyers?
Before I forget do I need a lawyer to represent me in court
I dont want modifications i dont want any lawyer counseling i just wna sign the rights over and thats it
my lawyer asked me to send her the pictures i was injured.would you please help me on that?
Should I still create a written agreement? Do I need a lawyer to be able to do that?
Can you give me an organization for free lawyers for low income people
We are in need of a lawyer to help us represent in this case
Yes can u give me the lawyers names please
I need a lawyer that can help me get out of a tricky situation
Please I’m very interested I don’t mind paying a lawyer either
Ok. Would you know if there's a website for asking questions to a law librarian in New York?
Are there any free volunteer lawyers in my area to help me?
They told me I need a lawyer to help with this - to represent me
I need to ask a real estate lawyer about condominium rights, where can I find one?
yeah I am located in new york area and need a lawyer or assistance with this case
My kids father live in another state . He always callin the police on me to do wellness check and threaten me
I have a lawyer who is bringing him to small claims for harassment.
i was told i can come here to ask 2 simple legal questions to a lawyer
ok so if i ask for a court appointed lawyer where do i ask for one at here or there
They asked me to fall out like something a lawyer should completely but I don’t want a lawyer how do that work
Need to know of Lawyer that could represent him for damages to his face
I would like to talk to a lawyer aboutan immigration issue
And I also would like to know is there and lawyer that can help me a court appointed lawyer
Are there law clinics where legal advice is offered if a lawyer  isnt possible?
Several large law firms referred me to this website. They all mentioned the Live chat operator.
we received a letter from Unemployment and need a lawyer to be with my son during a hearing
Would I be able to find free lawyer for Civil case
Yes..I was referred to this site by a law office in Geneva
Is really like to change the  judge n my child's law guardian
I need help finding some one to represent me in court but I dont have much money to pay a lawyer
are theere any lawyers that work pro bono
I try to contact my lawyer daniel bauso..
I didn't have a lawyer, the kids lawyer and ACS lawyer was able to speak with the judge and this is what I was told
I understand there is a list of lawyers who can provide free first consultations?
Mental Hygeine Legal Service They Had a place In Bethpage I needed A Lawyer He gave me It had a phone number
Yes please, my daughter doesn't have funds to retain a lawyer or pay for consultation..she just started working
yes. I have no money to hire a lawyer. I just need to ask 1 question.
I'm being sued how can I get a lawyer to represent me for free
Is there a way a when this goes foward can a lawyer be provided to me ? Will u know that
these are income base and low fee lawyers, right?
he has a lawyer and she will need a lawyer sliding scale who can work a payment arrangement with her
Do you know of any pro bono lawyer that is familiar with this?
I will try them now - thank you for the information. Do you know if there would be a way to locate information about my lawyer?
ok thank you , are there any listings of lawyers who only represent tenants ?
Another one is: are lawyer fees paid in payments?
I take all my meds everyday see a psychiatrist and therapist and work w preventive services willingly
I never got any papers and my lawyer isnt in practice anymore
Good Morning....I wanted some information regarding a lawyer for my husband who is incarcerated at the moment
But as i am disabled an inexpensive type of lawyer woukd be useful.
OK, we tried and will call back as the lawyer they referred was not able to take such a case
I know many people hire lawyers specialized in ERISA matters but I simply cannot afford one
Because I’m in need of law help in nys
Any lawyers want a case they may actually have to work on
Okay great.  I'll also check with my lawyer to determine the appropriateness.  Can't thank you enough.  Good luck in law school!
Yes. Do you have lawyers that will take pro bono cases
thanks. any private practice lawyers with probono time?
I went to case yesterday but I told the magistrate that I don’t need a lawyer. Can I still get one ?
Ok I'm just go to write my lawyers from help
When i click it it sends to some kind of different web site “ Law Help Interactive “
Can you provide the website that i can find the statues of the New york law
Hello.I may need a broboni lawyer.
Is there a lawyer that we can contact to discuss the particulars of what her employer is doing and requiring her to do?
I'm not sure, if I do need a lawyer if she's willing to give up? How does this work exactly
What can u help with? I thought I just couldn't ask advice, I was looking for some direction but not interested in a lawyer
My lawyer has done nothing but get things worse for this situation
Hi.  Question from Tammy -- are there lawyers LIFT can refer her to?
Yes, its a forbearance agreement and stipulation of settlement that was sent to me by the lawyer who is representing a creditor
I already called my lawyer this morning he was at court so I’m waiting for him to call me back
There are so many huge US firms, with big pro bono programs, who have offices in Israel.
my cuestión it’s I have to have a lawyer before to go the court ??
I have another question...I have to pay to those lawyers????... Do I have to go back to USA???
I there some live chat option with lawyers online? There was when I visited a few days ago?
shouldn't the courts subpoena a lawyer who drafted one if it is needed in probate?
I've been tricked into thinking I was in a court with a judge, now she won't face me, they gave me some other magistrates
I DON'T KNOW EVEN WHAT LAWYER TO ASK FOR. WHO HOW TO FIND SOMEONE WE CAN AFFORD.
I had a question about rape law in New York  about the civil rights new law
i had a review retainer with a lawyer but i would rather not use him again
Don't give me Ziff law firm please.
ok, txs...so I'm considered a court user who doesn't have a lawyer
Do you know if Her Justice would help if she first fired her present lawyer?
And when exactly will I get a court appointed lawyer
Do you have information as to how I can use Electronic filing? How about service , can I also serve my ex and his lawyer electronically?
I was disconnected to Augusto who was helping refer to some lawyers
Looking for a lawyer to handle SS Disability appeal.
I CALLED THOUSANDS OF LAWYERS BUT ALL BRIBED NOT TO TAKE MY CASE
Is it possible for you ask a lawyer to call me 6032705207 name is sandra
I talked to another lawyer and he had told me something about assignment of rights
I can't find the lawyer who represent me which was in New York City
oh yes and have done pro se evertime and has won on all paid lawyers
Do you have any independent pro bono criminal lawyers
She is already send me the papers.but i can't understand them. So this why i want lawyer thank you soooooo much
I called my lawyers supervisor but left a message I just feel that I am not getting help from her . Thank you.
May I have those low cost lawyers.  100% disabled veteran
Am I eligible for legal aid lawyer in case I need one
Hi, just wanted to know if the site offers help finding lawyers that help with department of education cases?
unfortunately i do not have money to pay legal counsel but I need someone who is familiar with the law
I’ve called and left message for local lawyers and they never call me back
I just would Like a lawyer to represent me becouse i dont want to keep talking to them alone
do u know any lawyers site which is legal site
Thank you.  Are there any lawyers that would be able to speak to me about the case?
The pone numbers that you provide are numbers to lawyers that can assist with my case
Thank you for your help. Do you know why Lawyers do not assist the patient in Hippa cases?
Are there any local law agencies that could help with these questions?
I want to hire a lawyer that is not too expensive and that can handle these types of matter. Do you have a directory?
can u refer me please to the lawyers that may be free if I qualify
who pose as lawyers when i call law firms
Do I need a legal aid/ lawyer, if I want to appear in court and plead my case??
How can I get the number for free law advice in Kings country ny
His lawyer ajourned our last case and asked for a discovery.
Do these lawyers help case with acs involved
Also can a lawyer Represent me in a case that is out of state
Were you able to find any consumer law firms?
i don't have money so is there a lawyer that works pro bono
I don't have a job and I don't know how to pay a lawyer
are u able to find us a pro bono lawyer?
Yes they were working with a Lawyer but he cannot remember any of the lawyer's information
Im looking for a free lawyer or a low cost lawyer who specialize in car shops.
Also would i be able to get a lawyer from this site that defend clients in dhs
well it was helpful in the way you helped with some lawyers that can help me/her with this question
Like I said I am disabled and I have no money to pay for a lawyer I need to get a pro bono lawyer
Hello.  I'm seeking a referral for a lawyer that specializes in Guardian ad litem (article 81).
also after looking those are not forms for indifiduals, it looks like lawyer forms
They keep telling me there's no lawyer can help me.in court
Ok. Do you know of any lawyer's in my area to help me with this matter?
she asked her lawyer to cancel the paper he told her
someone that knows the law willing to help me for free cause im getting no where with the judges
why is there no free lawyers to represent me in the court if I am the mother
I just need a free lawyer service to represent  me in the court
I need a lawyer who will work for little to nothing. Do they exist?
I have already spoken with 7 law firms in the area
I don’t feel I’m being represented properly by my lawyer that was appointed to me by legal aide
Am I potentially eligible for a free lawyer to be appointed to me when we go to the referee?
No for the last information u provide me if we call u could get an lawyer could represent us on court
I need a lawyer that specializes in NYCHA cases
I can't get a hold of the assigned council or the lawyer I was assigned... What do I do
would they then be able to assign a lawyer for my discovery
Can I have a phone number of a lawyer who speaks Spanish...Thank you,
In May I can sell more stuff to get $$ fir lawyer
I don’t even have money to pay for a lawyer as I spent every last penny paying for the house and the people
So, 2 things it can do: 1) push people to an attorney, and 2) some level of information about law sub/topics
Hello, is it possible to consult a lawyer somehow, or a law student?
Thank you. Do you know what categories of law I should research?
NOW I AM WRITING EVERY LAWYERS NAMES THAT I CALLED AND THEY ARE CAR ACCIDENT LAWYERS BUT DID NOT TAKE MY CASE. THAT IS DISCRIMINATION
also do you know where I can get a lawyer? even if I have to pay?
i have reached out to many lawyers and only 1 have i been able to speak with
I really don’t know what to do and do you know if I c an get a court appointed lawyer to help us
Yes can you please send list of lawyer’s and thank you
Will i be able to have a free lawyer represent me if i have to go in person?
Would you have information on any lawyers that have military background ?
now i just want to know the infor where he probably would get free lawyer, then i will call
Maybe I won't need to consult with a lawyer unless I get push back from my employer, right?
I am waiting that Send me the lawyer about this case. OK?
So I am calling the property lawyer to see if they can hold the check.
My lawyer did not give them the discovery. Says, they can ask for it, but doesn't mean they'll get it.
R u a real estate lawyer?
Hi. I would like a referral for a free lawyer for administrative law
under the circumstances we are trying to resolve our case without lawyers and court.
This also isnt our first time in court. I called the law guardian but i am still waiting for him to return my call
or if I can go and ask him to pay for a lawyer and give me two weeks to come back with one
And since the papers got lost the judge has talked to the defendant about this case so I worried I got screwed over
Thank you.. so I should be able to get a lawyer threw one of these services or is it just legal information?
I am searching for a free lawyer or free legal services for my case
I need a court appointed lawyer to my case
I'm looking for a lawyer for a small claim court relating to money.
I am considering for bankruptcy, as well. I do no mind paying for a lawyer. Where can I get a referral for a bunkruptcy lawyer
A friend of the deceased who I"m told is a lawyer.
If it was a legit law firm would'nt you have information?
like is the grandfather allowed is the lawyer allowed or is it just me and the father
I would love a referral for a lawyer, thank you!
Hi I’m looking for a lawyer for lemon law
So the next best step would be to appear in court, ask for a lawyer and express my concerns, wants and needs with them correct?
thank you if i dont find it out Ill ask a lawyer one day
he told me to get another lawyer, he was a pro bono lawyer for that case
Can you be more specific on a Brooklyn lawyer in zip codea
I have to respond to a form they sent me but want to consult with the unemployment lawyer first
I also call my lawyer who represented me before nobody answers .
ok. looking for a workers comp. lawyer in ontario county
How can I get a lawyer who can look into my old case & help me with my application?
I’m asking will I get a free lawyer
I did went to the court but I want legal advice also and a lawyer for representing if anything
Since we are all in agreement do we need to hire lawyers?
will they m be able to tell if can get a court appointed lawyer for my case?
I'm not interested in a lawyer. Can you direct me to where in the court site or state site i can find this information
It is in my agreement, that I can ask for legal fees, but my lawyer says not in family court, only in supreme court.
i see that’s a woman’s law I’m a man
Can this site also get me some names  lawyers
The judge told my ex he needed a lawyer on the first day of court.
Are the lawyers free of charge like claro
I am looking for a pro bono lawyer or a charity lawyer to help with a criminal case
I don’t know who can help, can I find the lawyer to sue them. Because they break and enters our space
Can you help me find a section 8 lawyer please
I need to find a legal aid lawyer that can represent me as soon as possible in a pending case
Thing is I don’t have lawyer $$$ and I just wanna have the information so I know what I’m going against
I'm getting turned away by the courts and told I need a lawyer when I don't
I do, but hopefully a lawyer from one of those two organizations can dig deeper. Thanks again!
What happens if my legail aid lawyer doesn't show up for the court date?
Are there any civil rights lawyer in NYC. That area has very good lawyers
That's ok. Where I work will probably give me a lawyer. This is a nonprofit agency.
That’s why I need a real state lawyer
Lawyer referral because the court date is set for tomorrow
I would love to send my lawyer my evidences asap
Just so you know I’m unable to pay for a lawyer...
you know of any law firms that could help me pro bono?
Please send some good lawyers contact
Bless afternoon I will like to know where I can get a legal aid lawyer to represent my daughter in a custody/visitation proceedings please?
I have access to all this info online myself it said that I could get advice and law help
I need a lawyer but I dont have money to pay lawyer is some one can help me
I want to know about pro bno lawyer online address
I am looking for free legal services in my area for estate law
i need a lawyer and it asked me to put my location and choose legal issue
