I would to know how can I get a DNA test done
The office called today and said they will not operate unless an antibody test is taken
if the mother is in another state and the courts grant my petition how will they do the DNA testing?
Yeah I want to know if I can get a copy of my police report
I just want to know can I still apply for a DNA test even though I get along with the father
I just wanted to know if I need the baby birth certificate and social security number to file a  Paternity  dna test
I demanddd the statement as he was supposed to supply the stttemebtvthrn he emailed me and told me he took it
I would think they would have to have sufficient grounds to order something as invasive as a DNA test
I just would like to know how to go about doing DNA on a child that might be mine. I just want to make sure
Help with dna i don't think i am the fathet
I would like to know how can I file for DNA on line also visited right
I would like to know how do I go about requesting a DNA test for someone who is incarcerated?
I need to make a legal validation of the medical records and follow-ups of the aggrieved that I have as evidence
I am unsure what I am supposed to put for the findings of fact
I need a copy of my dna result, how I can get? because the court is closed
So like two weeks ago I missed my court date for a dna testing for my daughter
What form do I need to File a DNA test
I don't want to do a siblings test because I don't trust anyone at this moment.
I just ask about the DNA test done before the baby is done
I was talking with molly sent information on a dna test
once he takes the dna test will he be allowed rights
And i want to do a dna test but she is making excuses
I ordered a case summary from room 225 archives
I got the letter from the court saying I have to appear for dna procedure
Okay I want a dna test but I’m not due until
That's why I want to refuse the dna testing and continue.
ok quick question to confirm something
how long do I have to wait for the dna testing location and date ?
But the application was rejected, stating I need to produce a NYS Supreme Court order for making parent's date of birth correction
The test was done 15 years ago I know the process I’m looking to get a copy of the results from them
I did a police report to her saying that I have evidence that she set up everything lien
its has been dismissed completely but the other father wants to file and try to get a dna test and he is on SSI
I think I found my childs biological father and he has agreed to the test
Hi I would like to how soon can I get a DNA test done on my newborn baby with the courts
I already have DNA results stating he is not the biological father.
i need to do a dna test for my daughter how can you help me
Hi I'm looking how to get a dna test before my unborn child gets here the deyin
He also refuses to get a COVID test and provide the results for the safety of our daughter.
I answered that I can pass an illegal drug test on application but the Occ med Dr. told employer I was positive for THC
So the only way he can demand a dna test is through court?
How do I get my test results from a genetic testing I have completed last month
What paperwork do i need to file if i want a dna test taken
I'm pregnant and i need a court order to get d possible father to get d DNA done
& she don't want me to see the baby or get a DNA test done. She's im not the father. But there's no proof
I need a lawyer to represent me for the N.Y.S. CVA.
And my partner had paternity testing via DDC DNA testing to confirm
How I go about for the court to order him to do an DNA for my baby?
I mean on one hand it may not happen because I found out he has a history already
asked for a dna test and both the dad and his lawyer said no to one
I think I know who the father is but I want a dna with him and my son and I dont know where to start
I need a dna test and would like to know how to go about it
I tried to order multiple times but they keep rehjecting it evenwith the DNA test
Where can I go to sue a company that opened an account in my name without consent and sent info to my credit report.
Hi I am trying to get a DNA test after we have signed acknowledgement of paternity the child is now 14 years old
My husband is questioning dna text for a child that is said to be his, how do we obtain pass dna result?
So I want to request the court to do the dna at Camden county where the child was born
DNA test not for court purposes, just for our knowledge
Ok for a DNA test do I need baby birth certificate and social security ?
they said I owe $4534.06  on Citibank credit . I never got any statement from them,and  any information
I need curt papers for a dna test
Only which someone would call and leave a message on is phone stating court ordering for a DNA test
For child support from my sons father,  also a dna test as well
I had to take a drug test for a new job.
OK, I will look around more.  There is nothing about DNA on these pages.
Yes i went to the precinct to get the report
Will the courts refund me if a dna test I took cane back negative?
Want a DNA to show she's my child test?
How do I get a dna test at court when court is not opening
They ask for a diabursement statement and they take the total amt revieved
do he have to speak to a judge and do a dna test  so he can get his name off
will the witness statements be helpful in persuading the judge to order a dna test to confirm i am actually the father or not
I have questions in regards to a mandatory dna test can the defendant decline to take a dna test
My wife never received her copy of the judgment of her case.  How can she get a copy?
Hey I wanted to know the frost steps for a half custody case? Do I need to get dna test from the judge?
What is it that your able to help me with? I just read the statement about what your not able to do
I need to get a DNA test ✔
they would have a possible copy of blood test
I found information supporting their statement but I believe it is unfair.
Hi Charles, we're doing a presentation about CVLN and this is a test :)
Hi I wanna know how can I do a dna test thru the courts
Yesterday the court of appeals issued a statement saying
he's called the police on me, unwarranted 5 years ago, I was examined and given a blood test and released
how can the non biological dad get a dna test done to see if hes the father of my daughter and shes 8
I am looking for lawyer to compell living relatives for DNA
How do i take him for an DNA and my child receive public assistance
I went to court already and the judge requested a DNA test
Can you tell me what papers I need to file to get a dna test done
i want a dna test to be ordered by the court to establish paternity
Can I refuse dna test for my unborn child and still finalize my divorce?
Do I need to get a DNA test arranged outside the court prior to filing the vacate the acknowledgement of paternity?
Hey My Name is Desiree I Just wanted to ask how can I get a copy of the DNA of my child.
david i need a copy of my court order from cs asap how do i dl it
Was brought to court when child was 10 yrs old....only knowledge of existence no DNA payments taken monthly
How can I get a dna test done when the courts are not open
I'm doing my settlement for workers compensation and i need a copy of my monthly statement but with no luck
if he does sign and we get a DNA within those 60 day it can still be vacated right?
He took a home dna test at the hospital
Hi I have a 9 years old son and need dna for him
I am looking for information on, how to find out accrediated DNA labs
I understand, I would like to test potential father.
Can they give me my police report at the court my court date is in January
Oh okay the person only wrote a statement about what happened
the father was asked for dna test years ago
And can i ask for a copy of the bills? And whose name is on them
Can you provide with link to for document im trying to get a dna test from my father
We have completed a DNA test last year and it was found that he is not the biological father.
I spoke with the medical examiner's office to do a dna test, but I would need an attorney.
I unfortunately can not find the original judges decision but do have a photo of it
Hi I am just wondering you. Can help me find how get copy my dna text for my child
And i want to obtain a copy of the report the facility made
ok I did that so I do have to wait till they  send me the account review in the mail
No dna test just she saying it’s mine
I just want to how can I get a dna done of flies a case
