I need help with my eviction  I didn't  pay rent for 5 month  I have hearing date in January  I need lawyer  can some
It's just so frustrating.   This eviction moratorium just doesn't affect landlords.
does that mean that I have 14 days to leave or 14 days untill they start eviction ?
I’m trying to stop an eviction. What can I do to get more time to move
I am having issues with my landlord, who had his son serve me fraudulent 3 day eviction notice
i am looking for a free or low income lawyer to represent me in court for a eviction notice i got in the mail
Can I file an article 78 against nycha aftering being sent and given a 30 day eviction notice.
Court issued a warrant of eviction...think landlord went to court
Have anything changed with evictions on when elections will start
Do you have any information on commercial evictions, even if it is not updated?
A friend of mine is facing eviction and I'm trying to assist her in finding help to know her rights
a notice to quit. Or rather eviction paperwork.
How long do I have after the landlord goes to the lawyer to start eviction process
yes but the link povided about eviction laws only gave me march to august
I have called 2 places but they deal with housing eviction
i read that evictions filed after march are supposed to be no action taken but i am not clear as to what that means
my landlord gave me a eviction paper for 30 days but I dont think it's an legal one
I received an eviction notice last week
Our landlord has started eviction proceedings and taking us to civil court for non-payment.
HI I GOT A HARARASSMENT EVICTION NOTICE
Is an eviction notice legal if it does not have the docket number on it?
can I get evicted by my landlord right now for non payment during this COVID time
I have been staying in a hotel since May 15, 2020. What are my rights as in eviction?
Landlord hasn't served eviction notice but a letter stating she is giving us 90 days to vacate
If someone is renting and signed a hardship agreement how is a landlord able to get a court date for a hearing for eviction
The landlord has issued eviction notices and that is why this office cannot help me. I am being targeted because of their issues
Eviction nrs statue steps for correct  eviction,  retaliation,
Landlord has an petition for eviction went to court in August they scheduled another hearing for tomorrow
I am looking for a an actual eviction form i can print out
I need some help in filing a response to an eviction notice from the landlord
yes, I received an eviction notice last week
Can you help me find free legal help regarding a. Eviction ?
do they offer help with filing eviction cases?
I need legal help for eviction i am a landlord
Hello, we are facing an upcoming eviction and need help!
I have a court day eviction, and need help with my case
This is my first time doing an eviction how long do I have to give them they live in my house and pay nothing
also i read something that said that evictions can’t take place if the renter can not pay but that is not the case
I have a shared commercial space and the person I share with just received eviction notice
ok Am I allowed to give a 60 day notice to vacate their apt, even though there is still a moraturium on evictions in ny
I need legal information or representation for a ongoing eviction case
I live in nassau County and received a notice of petition today for an eviction
Looking for a person named ed Cole that does evictions
I am facing an eviction issues and I need a power lawyer
I need information on owner move in eviction during the Covid-19 pandemic.
is change in month to month considered eviction?
I need legal advice about a nonpayment eviction and slum lord conditions with a threathening landlord
I understand advice given is not legal but I need information in regards to an eviction case that was started against me
Hi my name is frances .i live in queens .in looking for a free lawyer for my eviction casa
yes, I got eviction papers yesterday
I thought there was a blanket moratorium issued for all evictions.
Are courts for evictions still open ,I have a court date today
I've just received an eviction notice and don't know where to go to . I need assistance
i own an extended stay motel I would like a patron to leave am I bound by any covid eviction
From what you know  do I have to go to Court to stop the eviction
It was not a legal court eviction and with the pandemic if I'm not out after 30 days what could happen
Hi, I was given an eviction notice from my landlord. I want to know what I can do.
Im due for eviction june 6.
I owe back rent, and now I got an eviction notice
upon their arrival, NYPD allowed her 5 min to which at that time she threatened my sons.
They sent me an eviction notice. We go to court today
Im looking at stuff for evictions and none of them pertain to our situation.
hello I need help with an notice of  eviction I just had a baby a month ago help
My landlord has started an eviction of nonpayment case against me ?
I called them earlier and they said they are only dealing with eviction issues
Whats difference between 30 day notice and eviction ?
Need assistance with legal aid to help with a court case due to eviction
Hey I need some help and advise with an eviction that I am facing
Hi, I am inquiring about current eviction process
I have eviction court today and I have called the Geneva office and waiting for a call back.
I have until 3pm tomorrow to turn in the keys,  then landlord will seek eviction process
Ok. Thank you. I think I will need one to review my order of eviction.
No court date says earliest eviction date on the 21st
I got served with eviction papers and I have court on January 14th
I would like to start an eviction notice becuase I know it will take several months
If eviction  notice gave fourteen days to be evicted and they received payment before Fourteen days are up
Hi good morning, I need help with an illegal eviction. The landlord is threatening me to evict me today
Hello. I live in NYS. My landlord just gave me a 30 day eviction notice because he needs to fix the waterworks.  Is that legal?
I'm the landlord, and I have a question on how covid affects the eviction date
Oops because of that hes punishing me by giving me a cause.eviction.please can you help me.
Hello. I would like to know how do I go about getting my eviction record sealed?
But it was to my knowledge that housing court is not taking cases for evictions until 1/1/21.
So This eviction I was served with about a month and a half ago is not valid and I can not be made to leave ?
Only way to avoid eviction is full payment or court
I got an eviction letter but it wasn't from the courts. Do landlords have to take you to court to evicttoyou?
I need helping finding a eviction lawyer
Also, is the word eviction correctly used in my situation?
Hi how u I writing to find out if I can get legal help for my eviction  notice
The landlord has stared an eviction nonpayment casé against to me
Good morning.  I am looking for a lawyer.  My landlord sent an eviction notice.
Hello I need legal aid for a eviction notice
my mom missed an appointment in Brooklyn and they sent us a eviction notice
well I’m going to be receiving a eviction notice soon what should I do
I am just confused as to if he needs to serve me again  or if his eviction left we go in effect
I am landlord, I want to know when can I start eviction without getting paid?
Can a landlord go to the courthouse to start eviction papers
okay and if they don't vacate by then. How do i file for the eviction. I have to call the court
Do u offer advice in business eviction?
not a eviction letter yet. its a letter from landlord's lawyer to asking for rent
I want him leave my house even now. I called 911 a month ago, but police told me that I have to file eviction
I would like help with downloading evictions forms an written demand forms
Is it legal for me to be served eviction notices before august 28th
I went to court first cause they did an illegal eviction. Then they ask by court they want me out
She giving me 10 days or she going to start eviction
I have a court day on January 31 and I need legal representation.  I am facing an eviction
I need free legal services for an eviction
NY just announced no eviction until Jan 2020.
I recently recieved an eviction notice.It says that I have a hearing on 12/14
to see court docket  to see if landlord fild an eviction noticeor any other notice
I went to stop the eviction notice on Tuesday but today I think I’m getting mail from the court house
I need to know if I’m able to collect back rent and or eviction is my only option
I received notice of non-payment, basically eviction
