How can I get  legal aid help for a unemployment overpayment case ? I will have a hearing coming up
EEOC discrimination in employment. Disability. Federal employer.
if i were to say no to my former employer and this opportunity, will i lose my ability to collect unemployment?
To talk to a person about employee rights I was fired and the employer is trying to fight my unemployment claim
This is new to me, but I need help with an unemployment denial.
I just need help to file for unemployment, do these legal organizations help you file?
i lost my job due to COVID but never applied for unemployment as i do not know if i would be eligible by any chance?
trying to get assistance with my unemployment claims
The last one doesn't look like they deal with employment law
She's better now but unable to work as a result. We're finally getting through all of the unemployment paperwork
I was still employed, my employer said that I can apply for unemployment because of the shutdown situation
do i apply for unemployment right away or after the severance period is over?
The last I did anything was probably 8 years ago when I first became unemployed, I filed a modification then for unemployment
Ok.   If my employer tries to deny me unemployment wages, can you suggest an attorney?
Unemployment I forgot to file for years ago
and my question is if a person without immigration status can apply for unemployment
Hi yes that's fine thanks. With the virus going around how is unemployment working?
excuse me- 8 weeks is little for over 20 years of employment
if i resign i cant get unemployment  but if i was allready let go how can they do this to me?
In terms of what wages can be applied to my unemployment claim?  I am afraid of having to pay back money they are giving me
Hello I'm looking for Representation for my unemployment case
I would like advice on taking an internship and continuing to collect unemployment in Mew York State
CHANNEL 5 NEWS IN SRACUSE SAID THE NYS BAR IS HELPING PEOPLE TO TRY TO GET THEI UNEMPLOYMENT CLAIMS GOIING
My friend’s father, in his 70’s needs to apply for unemployment but has
Hello, can you please tell me if free legal services help file for unemployment?
Unemployment owns me money and they refuse to give it to me since September last year.
Yes. Need help with appealing an unemployment denial. Is there a legal aid office in the elizabethtown ny area?
Okay, thank you.  I was laid off an am currently on unemployment.  Does the court count the extra $600 pandemic unemployment money?
Hi I have been waiting since May to collect my unemployment. They locked my account due to VPN confusion.
is there a different guide for pandemic unemployment - the one you sent is just for normal unemployment, but that's not how she got it
I was forced to resign from my job yesterday. I need advice
does the employer has to do anything to stop paying unemployment once the office opens
i wanted to know if I would qualify for unemployment if I quit my job because of Covid
Where do I get info about having a doctors note not to return to retail work and possibly losing my unemployment
I have a question about unemployment and certifying going forward
assuming proof of payment history from unemployment etc
was and still out of work get bare minimuim unemployment ?
I need to be connected with legal resources that can give me advice on my pandemic unemployment aid.
does the employer have to do anything when opening back up and stopping unemployment for employees coming back
I am in need of a labor lawyer for a possible case against my former employer
hello, my name is Luis and I'm assisting my mother in applying for Unemployment Assistance here in NYC.
Yes. I need help with ny unemployment
I asked if I can collect unemployment until things resolve they said no. I have no money. I had a 6 year old.
i am 17 years old and my work closed March 14. I filed for unemployment and received about 4 payments then it stopped
No income until unemployment starts and will be less than what he madd
So, my quesion is:  If I quit a job, do those wages not count for my NYS unemployment claim?
I have been waiting for my unemployment since march 2020 and still haven't recived anything
I needed resources related to pandemic unemployment aid.
I told them I filed for unemployment and I was waiting on thatand didnt know if it would be available at that time.
On getting all kinds of stuff from unemployment don't know what or who is real
hello, when I claimed for unemployment i put lack of work instead of quit what should I do
I am panicking because I received the Lump sum of severance within 30days of my termination and ineligible for the unemployment
I wasn't successful, I tried to finish my unemployment application online it said I had too many tries
if I received the severance after 30days, I was able to collect Unemployment from the day I became unemployment, correct?
Am I going to be eligible for unemployment after 2.5months? I am so worried
Hi do u help with unemployment claims
Does a person qualify for unemployment under the recent CARES Act if they leave their job due to fear of contracting COVID-19?
Thanks. Is there a website where it outlines the laws for unemployment in NY?
hi there - i need some help with my unemployment application
Hello. My job is only offering my unpaid time leave. They said I can file for unemployment is that legal in NYC?
Do to COVID-19 I was caught in Europe, and my employer said to apply for unemployment and I did.
I have filed for llc formation last week, and this week I got fired from my w2 job. Can I apply for unemployment?
I’m in need of labor lawyers to help me with my unemployment claim?
I want help with my unemployment because they denied me and I want to appeal
I applied for unemployment, I never received any money,
Hello I was wondering where I go to fill out application for unemployment due to my job shutting down
and the ones i could find would not help me and I am on unemployment
If my place of employment shuts down voluntary am I eligible for unemployment or can I use FMLA?
i am the father, i was incarcertated and applied for unemployment. they are taking 99 dollars a week automatically and i can afford that
i just desperately need an adjustment while I’m seeking work. She’s receiving over 50% of my unemployment
Looking for a free volunteer lawyer in my area to help me with an unemployment claim
Well, I having trouble finishing my unemployment claim by phone.
No ,no reason they only take 50$ from the300 but cuz they already take 252 from my regular unemployment
I am looking to speak with an employment lawyer pro-bono who can review an employment contract with me
I have had a confirmed case of Covid-19 and my employer told me to file unemployment. Can i be fired/laid off for just having Covid-19?
I'm not sure I need legal advice. I just had some questions regarding applying for unemployment.
I may need an extension regarding unemployment
Thank you. I have few questions of an unemployment determination which I received this month .
I have bee receiving pandemic unemployment aid
Hello if i was told from my. Employer to stay home am I allowed to collect unemployment
Hi Emma I filed unemployment and got through about two months ago. Is it normal to not hear back from my employer
i do not have a lawyer, and am not working because of Covid, and have been pending with Unemployment since March 16th
Hey Celine I have a question about something on unemployment
Would I still be eligible to apply for unemployment although my most recent work was freelance?
I would like to speak to an unemployment lawyer
trying to figure out if i'm eligible for pandemic unemployment
is someone on unemployment required to take a job created since Covid. Working remotely,  at half their usual pay?  Or can they decline?
Good Morning- Jacquelyn problem filing. Unemployment can't get thru - tried for 2 weeks already this will be 3rd
started back in march 19 with pandamic and uncertainty of work and income im in sales didnt even think i get unemployment
my regular unemployment and also pandemic assistance were stopped
i have filed for llc formation last week and lost my fulltime w2 job this week. Can I apply for unemployment?
I tryied to many times to do unemployment asistenc but it’s dosnt let me go
Can the 300 for unemployment be counted towards income for federal hud housing
My boss also said if I didn't return he would cut off my unemployment
Thank you so much! Can they deny me unemployment(if fired) for refusing to work the hours that they asked?
I'm looking for legal assistance with a wrongful termination and unemployment
Hello, I need legal representation for an unemployment claim that has been denied
I received a letter in the mail by the department of labor, indicating I was overpaid unemployment from 2013
Can the state of New York use my pension from the service against me when applying for unemployment
Need to speak to an new york unemployment lawyer
I need help with my unemployment assistance payment. I am a victim of crime and discrimination
Hi, I have a question regarding the unemployment assistance. I am self employed and I am currently not working because of COVID19
Who should I report that at current time I am unemployed and I applied for unemployment due to COVID 19
I need information about quitting my job due to Covid-19 (I am over 70 with Doctor's note), and still being eligiblefor unemployment
Hello i am looking for legal assistance. I have been denied my unemployment benifits
I have run into legal issues with unemployment due to a claim my former boss filed against
i need some help filing an unemployment claim
yes and they’ve been well aware of my unemployment
Hi, i worked as a contractor. Just ended the contract can i file for unemployment benegit
I am seeking for information about a free attorney that can help me with an unemployment hearing
Are you able to give advice regarding an employment issue?
I need to speak to someone about employment help
