i wanted to know how to get a paternity test at family court
Can you tell me what I would need to do to get a judgement of parentage?
I'm taking the mother of my daughter to quart a paternity test. Because I want visitation. She does not let me see my daughter.
i need a copy of a paternity order in may of 2018
im looking for paternity test results that was taking like 25 years ago
I have a 7 year old son and i want to take a paternity Test
No we was supposed to have a court date 4/20 to do a paternity test but covid hit
I would like to contest a paternity of a child
Child’s mother is taking me to court for a modification. Can I request a paternity test in the process?
Can they use the blood work from when a prenatal paternity test was done in NY about 5 months ago
to get a court ordered paterntiy test
hello david i need help on a paternity petittion
I am having a baby with a woman who is married and she refuses a pernity test not sure what to do
with paternity case he can just sign he’s the father without the test?
can i go to family court for a paternity test. Yes or no
Hi I have quite a mess at hand. But I'm writing to see what I should do paternity wise?
How can I get an old copy of paternity test?
If someone gives a paternity dna sample in court,how long can that sample be legally used to show paternity
Can a mother deny paternity testing during divorce?
Hello I’m trying to excess paternity test paper work online can you help me?
Hey ! I would like to know the cost of a paternity test in court
Just a few quick questions. Is paternity testing free at the courts?
Hello I just have a couple of question in reguards to paternity test
I have a question if parents live together and father signed acknowledgments of paternity can a paternity test be done threw the court
Where do I begin to look -- or key words to use -- to find out how to contest paternity.
I wanted to take my son father for a paternity test
Hey how you doing I wanted to know where do I pay for the result for a paternity test that I took already in court ?
I'm looking at the Paternity information and I would like some clarification on some of the wording.
Would I have to go through the courts or a clinic for a free paternity test?
How long can court use a paternity Dan sample
I need help getting a paternity test
im triying to find paperwork to fill out for paternity test
I am required to take a paternity test and I do not want to be deemed the legal father on the BC
What papers do I file with the court. In NY for a paternity test to see if I  am the father
YES I WANTED TO KNOW IF YOU DOING PATERNITY COURT CASE RIGHT NOW
I believe it was Family Court. I’m actually the child the test was for.
in regards to getting a court ordered paternity test
can I get a paternity test ordered before the baby is born.
good morning. I need help finding a lawyer just to ask questions about paternity issues.
That's why I ask if the two biological parents have to go to court to file the paternity case until my divorce comes out
I live in another state then the person im filing to get paternity test from does that make a diffrence
Hey how can I get a copy of proof of paternity for my kids for court ?
Hello I was wondering how can I obtain a paternity court order of my unborn child with the alleged father in Monroe county?
im looking to get copy of paternity test that was done in nassau county like 20 years ago..
This doesn't explain it clearly on how to get the courts to order a DNA test to establish paternity
so they do your income first and then send you for a paternity test afterwards
I  just  want  to  know  how  to  get  and  file  a paternity  case an  order  of  filiation
i was trying to locate a sample form on paternity
i had filed a paternity test in court and I wanted to know if my case is a essential case
Yes I do but my ex have to put in the paperwork to get the paternity done
I'm having trouble looking for legal aid help in order to go to court for paternity
Do you know how long it takes to receive results from a paternity test and how would I be receiving it?
Ok thank you!  Any other links or just that one?  Also, does it address any costs to diy the paternity?
if I filed for a paternity test will there be a court date
I would like to know if a father can have a paternity test without the mother ?
looking to Get results of paternity test taken
I would like to know how can I go about getting a paternity for my son
I need help in finding the correct paperwork to print out for paternity and visitation
I have a paternity case in November and I don't know what to expect
Ok thank you & will they be able to help me with a court ordered paternity test?
i have a court paternity test that was done will i only be able to find out the results in the hearing
I would like to know about Paternity Establishment.
Hi I wanted to speak to someone regarding a paternity case I currently have or if you can refer me to someone regarding paternity cases
I am the child’s mother , I just wanna file for a paternity test
but does he have rights to demand a paternity test out of court
I went to court and they are asking for something else instead of the father doing a paternity test
I have a paternity test and the father wants to give her the last name
i dont want to request a paternity test and he doesnt want to do it through court
I have the certified paternity test that shows he’s not the biological father
I would have to file the paternity case? or he would?
Yes a paternity test thru the courts
I want to get a copy off an 4 yrs old paternity test
I need to speak to someone about getting a paternity test and the procedure for that without a court order
Plus how do I get the paternity court order
I file for paternity 6 years ago
My buddy has been waiting for a court date for a paternity  test
I am trying to get information on how to get a copy of paternity order
is the court able to get a paternity test for free
Hello- Can you refer me to an attorney who can give a free advice on a paternity issue
Hi there my name is Cleveland Mendez. I am trying to get a copy of my paternity results
Good evening, I have a couple questions regarding paternity.
Hi I am reaching out in regards to a paternity case
thank you! I would have done an uncontested by myself but I need a court ordered paternity test
Because the child was born into a marriage, I was denied a paternity test
My mother and her identical twin sister were part of a paternity court case that their natural mother filed in 1941-43 while they were babies.
How do I find to a paternity’s test for my child
Hello I’m wondering how can I get a Court order done for a paternity test?
can you help me get to the right form to file paternity online
what kind of establishing does the court require besides the obvious with a paternity test
Good morning I want an old  paternity test that was done in this court about 4 yrs ago for my daughter
How do I move a paternity case to the county I reside in?
how long does it take for the paternity test to be available?
I want to file for a paternity test I know the mother's name, city, & state just not a street address. Is this a problem
Ok, is  filing a paternity case against him an easy process?
i an currently pregnant and the father is denying paternity. How do I get the court to order aDNA test
i am accused of being a father to a child. I would like to take a paternity test to make sure this is my child
I am trying to get a copy of my paternity results
How long does it take for the paternity test to come back
One more question who pays for the probe of paternity ?
If I have proof of the paternity test should I bring that as well?
I just want to know how can i go about seeking a paternity test for my daughtef
looking for document to put in request for paternity
I was told to look for the paternity form 5-2 but can’t seem to find it
as I haven’t heard about the paternity test as of yet
the first day I found out I was very upset I talked to the girls mother and I asked if abortion was an option
Thank you. I need a paternity sign by a judge. A legal Aid told me.
I have some general questions about establishing paternity and any applicable fees to do so
ive filed for paternity and they’ve refused to do it.
My question is how long do I have to serve someone for paternity dna
how do I file for an order of protection to challenge a paternity case?
