what are the laws in NY and Albany regarding her to be able to get out of her lease due to fear and domestic violence.
Hello! I'm curious about being terminated from my employer for being unreliable due to domestic violence in my home
We still have orders of protection until next year . Is there a Domestic violent lawyer for victims?
due to domestic violence, my husband already plead guilty of harassment. Therefore, the 2 years order of protection in Criminal court was issued
I was a victim of domestic violence I need to speak with an attorney re divorce
I am looking for legal services for a divorce case that involves infidelity, domestic abuse, verbal abuse, and negletfulneds of child
I would like to report about a domestic violence which been carried for decades that's happening to me. More of emotional abuse but rarely physically.
The have more incidents including hands on domestic violence situation between us he went to jail this happen awhile back
No it seeks domestic violence and bodily harm
i need free legal representation in family court for a case of domestic violence and an order of protection
Ok , entonces eso no funciona como violencia domestica
I separated from my husband on Julyfor domestic violence
Trying to assist domestic violence victim in applying for an order of protection. What email address is the OOP forwarded to?
okay, help for domestic violence cases
About domestic violence can I file a report against him, even thou it’s been over a year?
I don't really know how. Can you please help me? I just need a domestic violence attorney.
Domestic violence is a persons in prison for seven years Janet from Washington Avenue knows my case
NYLAG says it can;t Safe center says they handle domestic abuse
and a failure to follow domestic violence protocols based on my gender
I dont have job to buy baby supplies and i am having financial issues and i am a victim of domestic violence
Where can I go to get domestic violence help in getting an interstate protective order
I am looking free legal assistance for a victim of domestic violence
I'm a survivor of both domestic violence and identity theft and he was mean on the phone. Now I'm scared.
can my landlord try to throw my husband out due to the pass of domestic violence
I am seeking help for one of my family member who is currently in newyork and has been subject of Domestic Violence.
do they also help with getting a divorce because of domestic violence or is that separate
HOW DO THEY DECIDE IT IS DOMESTIC DISPUTE just by one side
Hi Hana! I am trying to find more information on getting a divorce for a domestic violence relationship
im a domestic violence survivor, I have been separated for 2 years now , and I need help with my divorce
No children or domestic violence. Just want him out of my house and life.
I am a victim on domestic violence and have a cold with the individual
Okay thank you and a domestic violence report would not change this?
Hi Ashley do you know where I can get a transfer because I'm a domestic violence victim
Actually, to be safe, this is for someone else. And thank you. Yes, domestic violence.
I have a domestic violence lawyer who is useless no offense I don't even know how to contact her. I have an advocate
I need help with a domestic and larceny issue
I am homeless due to severe domestic violence and I really need help
ok thank you is there any  other services like domestic volience
by the way, this is a domestic violence case, we are out though
my husband too. But we are separated. I'm a domestic violence victim (july last year)
Im from Chicago but an domestic incident happened with my husband
I am From Chicago but currently in NY due a domestic incident with my husband
There were also issues involving domestic violence
Will I be in trouble if I get a domestic partnership while still married
Marriage I don’t feel like using my married name anymore because of domestic violence and child abandonment
Hi I need a lawyer to sue I already reach out in domestic violence and no one has help me
Yo soy victima de violencia domestica .vivo en un shelter hace 3 años .pero no me clasifico nova para recibir la atuda de violencia domestica
looking to find info on domestic partner agreement
I also need a free lawyer that I can communicate on the topic. It stems from domestic violence.
Well the court gave me temporary custody after a domestic dispute. Do I file as a new or modification for this kind?
my abuser lives in both homes. My son and I are residing in a domestic violence shelter and I need to know my rights
Yo quiero saber , mi novio , me dice que estoy loca y no quiere verme mas , yo quiero saber si eso puede ser como violencia domestica
or requred to have mental health issues, or domestic violence related issues.
I need legal assistance. I was in involve in a domestic violence dispute. I was not the violent party.
I'm not a survivor of domestic abuse, well none that can be proven
I just want to hurry up and file.  I have no time to wait. I had domestic incident last night..
Pero nova no me clasifico a un shelter de violencia domestica .por eso es que no me dan la ayuda .
What do I do to get an emergency order of protection for domestic abuse
I'm a certified domestic violence victim,  I court mandate the abusers but me a ?
Can I change my child (9 yrs old) last name to my domestic partner's last name?
Yes my sister need a free attorney who can help her  fill out formI751 because my sistet was a victim of domestic violence
I'm looking for free attorney for open court case domestic viloence
If spouse have domestic violence problems how does it work for their visitation rights and supervised visits
I am trying to see if I can receive a free divorce under domestic violance?
He kicked me out the house. Domestic violence problems, he doesn't want to divorce me, he wants to cotrol me.
i have had domestic violence in my past, I will like to know if I can file for divorce?
La trabajadora social dice que como no estoy en un shelter de violencia domestica no me han atudado .pero fue la discriminacion en la evaluacion.
I was just wondering how much it costs to domesticate a custody order, but I don't know if you would know that
Welcome. I’m trying to obtain a domestic violence copy from a different state how can I do that.
I also have a domestic violence case as of a few days ago with the father of the child how does that apply
I'm also a victim of domestic violence
I need more information on how to help my mother getting an emergency transfer due to domestic violence
If the opposing side don’t want a divorce how are the chances to have the divorce if I have domestics violence papers
the contact information you gave me, I called, and they told me they specialize in domestic violence mainly
I am acting as my own attorney in a domestic relations case - post divorce qdro
Safe horizon is for women for domestic violence
want to confirm that one of the partners in a domestic partnership could file for a separation or dissolve
I want to know how I can remove the conditions of my residence because of domestic violence?
i need legal information regarding domestic violence
Soy indocumentada sufrí violencia doméstica por un tiempo
I think I'm in a emotional and mental domestic violence situation with him
Greetings. I would like advice about a domestic situation.
I am a victim of domestic violence and my abuser file a harassment 2nd on me what should I do
yes its domestic violence order of protection
Need a lawyer for Early termination due to domestic violence
I have a cps case open on my dad for domestic violence
What are the “proper steps” for breaking a lease agreement for a Domestic Violence victim with an OP in place? (Right #6)
i need help ending a domestic partnership when I don’t have the persons info
i spoke with the domestic violence yesyerday she said she was giing to reach out with lawny also and see wat theycould do to
Thank you so much, but My Sister’s Place is also only for victims of domestic violence
How can I find a legal help for a Early termination agreement due to a domestic violence situation
ok cause I also have domestic violence as well
Ok also would like to know if you have a domestic partnership and live together can you be charged for support during that time
MY domestic partner  and heir to the estate go an order to vacate, but my name is not on it, what are my rights?
No information on them we had a domestic violence in 2017 acs removed him from home with order of protection .
trying to end a domestic partnership but can’t serve papers to partner . Unknown address
no not a family court order. Domestic violence
I’m a domestic violence survivor, I am separated for 2 years now and I need help for divorce
yes please I specifically need an organization that has experience with domestic violence though thanks
Of course because domestic abuse is beneath them and we seem to be less important than immigration stuff or other civil stuff.
I was in a domestic violence marriage since 5/7/2017 I have no idea where my spouse is and I have 4 children's
I wanted to find out how I can get a divorce do to domestic violence
it was a domestic violence situation that went to family court
hello. I am a victim  of domestic violence.  the father isn't on the birth certificate
I am a victim in an ongoing domestic dispute and would like to sue my abuser
New York State lacks laws in enforcement of spousal maintenance , especially the involvement of domestic violence; VAWA.
My children and I recently had an order of protection against my husband for domestic violence and I’m looking into filing for divorce
Hi, Emily. The national domestic violence provided me the website.
If it's a domestic violence what does it that mean if they dont press charges
There is police reports on file for domestic issues because of his behavior as well.
