If i only got a 14 day what happens next
I hope so,  I'll come back if it doesn't.  Thanks again
Yes i am aware of that and phrased my question to reflect it, thank you
I would like to know how I can go about the process
Its really different things that happen that has sort of made work uncomfortable. Its different things that led to other situations.
My name is Lesty Rivera..718 360 7455..
I have an court agreement with My daughters mother . She has violated several times. What can happen?
Ex Post Facto meaning that the matter was lawful when performed but was then made illegal after the act...
Hi Molly I was in a chat with another representative although I accidentally ended it some how.
but how can I get the court to see that I am not receiving the payments or is it going somewhere else.
ok, thanks a lot, I'll start with these and see what happens!
This has happened at least 4 times in 6-7 months
okay great this is very helpful so will start with this and see what happens
Yes that exactly wht happen 2 different father's
There is no check to garnish. Do we need our lawyers invovement to make any of this happen?
this is infuriating. I've been told to go back and forth between so many people and everyone has been wrong so far.
I wish I had did this earlier to be able to get physical evidence. Now it seems impossible
I don’t know what to do and how to reverse all this but everything was done wrongly and rushed
Any help is better than none. Have a great evening.
good afternoon my name is yuvanny alvarez
Thank you  Would you happen to know their hours of operation
My son does not seem to be able to process rational argument at this point in time.
so i just want to make sure that doesn't happen
She said she would put him back on as if it never happened and I don't believe  Believe you can do that
How can I show my proof and get a change in the order that it is in place no
Yes basically if worse comes to worse.
How would they determine what is appropriate and inappropriate? Just because I don't like something wouldn't necessarily make it inappropriate.
I am 33 and this happen when I was around 15 or 16. So nothing  the police can help me with
Do you happen to know if i need parents permission to be emancipated?
What will happen on that date? If someone lives in that house
What s the worse that could happened when a debt collector send u to court
Well I already went through one with conflicting results
is there away to access court decisions and what happen
thought it said country for a second apologies
i feel like i did the right thing in my situation
it also says I hav ten days to cure such thing, but it doesn;t say how
Thank you, would you happen to know if these are free?
And would they go go jail if anything like that ?
I understand that courts are closed...however I am under the impression that work is still happening administratively correct?
Hello i have a court hearing on wednesday the ther party have been served but what happens if he dont show up
Or something like i dont really know how to go about the situation
changed shift when found out I went to EEOC
I’m asking if there is a length of time where an order becomes null or void
am I wrong what if these things didnt happen as said?
i read the same thing, but how do I go from “may be able’ to yes
Thank you, would u happen to have 1 or 2 more
hello I'm looking for legal help with a matter that took place in my work place
What happens if a court order is not being followed by the non-custodial parent
I am just going to guess its the x. So thank you again have a wonderful day! ^^
They say it would automatically be done, but it wasnt
We were expecting to be on the April docket, but obviously that won't happen now.
they havea right to be free and make a decision  they never did anything illegal at the time
Recently it happened this past Saturday and again on Monday
what would have happened if my husband didn't agree?
so kind of two issues, discrimmination and doing other things to us..
Sorry I didnt expect for this to happen this morning .
I just want to know how I go about knowing if this is true
Ok thanks I am trying to find out when this happened
Yes! Found it. Thank you so much again and have a wonderful afternoon!
No matter what happens with this case, he will not follow anything.
Great. Thank you. I still dont understand about the inheritance. Would it be different if I moved to another state like AZ.
I made female a priority and didnt work out
words  when you tell someone how you feel because of something they did IS NOT ILLEGALL
Hi Rita, yes that would be lovely
I would appreciate your help.  There is not a lot in the estate, but we need to do this correctly the first time.
When approached about this problem they said if I dont like it, I should leave
Can we just got to any person to notarize the forms of change?
Thank you. I know that this situation is reversed from the normal ones that people encounter
Oh that is great thanks, there is one othet thing I'd like help with if that's ok?
Yes I need hearing to happen asap how can I go about that
Me too,  but that's how it is when you happen to have a RS apt that the Owner wants.   They have always been this way.
I done went to court it happen in 2011
Yes. Removal occured under 28 USC 1442(a)(1). I have four days to show that removal under this statute  was inappropriate.
is there anything that could actually happen because my neighbor is lying
Mo my son lives with me and if something happens to be he wants to be with hos godmother
ohh wow i didn't know that was gonna happen like that
This question also pertains to the COVID-19 pandemic, I have nowhere to go.
Yes a diversion ? but she said it should be emergent and I dont see that
Who would make the decision on the motion for the change of venue?
I understand that monetary recourse may not happen
With all the changes,I don't knwo if my circumstances fit the criteria
obviously that's insane, but is that even legal?
YES.DEFINETLEY. Iwould like to know my rights and what i can do moving forward
last question what can happen at the end of all this, i dont want or need anything petty to go on my record
Yeah, due to the pandemic. It’s so unfortunate.
oh okay. That makes much more sense
If anyone looked at this case, they would know I am 100% correct. But there is no one to go to!
and but is not thru, thats never happen and is something Ill never do
Was suppose to me this past monday but cause cov19 it didnt happen and they have reschedule it
SInce,  all that is happening with this Pandemic, Iam glad YOU were there!
My sons father and I have our own agreements. We just need something in writing in case anything happens to us.
Something major that  happened when I was a child was I was baptized at a older age then most.
what would happen if i ranaway at the age of 17 to another county of new york
An Order of Filiation would allow me to get one correct.
may I know your name is is that against the rules?  It is fine to say that you can't share your na,e
What happens if someone makes a false claim to acs?
im going to try and see what happens
ok....so it wouldnt happen right away
i have dealt with authority the director, security and nothing has been done.  I am afraid something will happen to me
To reinforce this judgment in Canada where they need to go to?
and how long will it take for the name change to be complete?
So, they moved..it looks like. THank you, Jasmine..you're wonderful!
That's okay, I know it is a complicated matter.
No. They said that my social was compromised in a criminal act.
I would like to fine how make emotion aqueduct
As an Englishman what would happen if I got caught speeding in nyc
Why won;t anyone help me as to what to do. Like that is totally wrong.
would you happen to know if the courts are open?
