Yeah that’s the site I’m on.. it won’t let me download or read it
I know the state he is in and the store name where he works but that's it.
I don't think so. I'll  chst again if I have additional questions
I did do that and have saved answers and still do not knowwhere to locate that specific form.
Can u forward me link & number to check status? The link u provided doesn’t offer much information
Thank you for your help, you saved me quite a bit of time.
I am trying to find a subpoena form duces tecum to I can obtain information on banking information  and Instagram messages
Hi i recently chatted but lost my links .
Thank you!  I couldn't find anything online so that would be a great help.
If I turn 18 and am still in school, can I still be independent and live on my own?
She told me to put "unkown" when filling out the form, but looks like it requires when you do it online
I see , I think he is in yonkers but, I really don't know
also, her ex  records their conversations - is there something she can do legally to stop this?
Let me take a look at that second website.
Sorry if this isn't what your used to question wise but it's hard to find information without libraries and just the Internet
But I dont see anything on the form that say's that's possible
Hi I  was just chatting with you I think...about guardianship?? The page closed before I could save it..
You've given me some resources to use, thank you. I'll check them out.
Hi I am looking for the article of 1983 right to sue
Anyhow was still wondering why is it so difficult  to efile?
Can you legally separate in NY but live under the same roof to raise children?
Thank you I’m losing my mind I appreciate this I hope it helps I’ll do some research
Sorry for all the questions. I've never had to deal with this stuff before
I am on the NYCOURTS.GOV and I am unable to find the forms on this site.
Ok, I'll do that. Were you able to find any of the documents I was looking for?
Ok, yes thank you. those came up on my search
I can't find any eforms yet it says everywhere I can efile.
Hi Michael, I was hoping to be reconnected with Caeden, he/she was looking up some information for me
Thanks. she has a newer form then the one I am looking at so questions are a bit off
I need help regarding a custodu certificate
Yes. I was trying to figure out which form to start with, do I need to inform her, etc.
Where would o got to search the case number
Hi I used your website but saved my information because I don't have a printer how can I get back to my information
I looked at the website above, and am still not sure which form I need
Im looking where I could get the forms online to do so
Yes I had an appointment to bring the documents in but I lost the information for the office
My speculations are my own, but any competent person can see that the record bears them out.
ok.  I'll try the websites you gave me.
I can't seem to find anything for my area
I found the same documents, but I wanted to make sure I wasn't missing anything.
i started the interactive uncontested on the website but can't find my answer to update info
i was typing and didn’t see the yes part. Sorry
with reference to those figure I see those numbers for a family of 3
I never thought I'd be in this position with no work.  it's awful.
My messege is to looking her action I replay my write
have account, is logged in. cant see anywhere to save work, and lose all evertime'
Every time I scroll up to read new msg brings me back to bottom and I don't get chance to read anything
is the some procedural formality that needs to be done to make my pr se status official I may have missed?
Hi my name is Keshia; I am looking for a  template for a demand letter.  Can you assist me on where to look?  Thank you
I filed online through the labor nyc page online
is there a way to save these links after chat end?
Thank you.  If you sign off, will I still be able to view what you have written . I am trying to write down the information.
There are many issues with the place that I am in right now some of them are listed below...
thanks but military info won't be applicable here
I have family out of state. I want to leave the state but this is part of the problem.
Is there someone at Family Court who could provide this information?
Ok but I have to put my number to do online account
thank you so much for your time and help! I'm gonna read thru those sites today!
when i logged on here it displayed the date nov 2nd 2017
This seemed like a good overview. But I was hoping you could point me in the way of specific laws.
Thank you was just trying to figure out how  to save this information
Please, because I 've explain why. Just to have more information disponible. Regarding FISA , they will give me the information?
Great, thank you! Are you aware of any free online chat services for legal questions?
(you can look at the list, read through the descriptions and pick a few that should be able to help this person)
where do I go after filling out online and download documents
Is the next step tp submit the will for probate?  And if so, can that be done online?
Please bear w/me. I'm having trouble holding screen long enough to write down your info. Can you forward it to imdunne@comcast.net
But generally, you would wait for the user to leave and then complete the wrap up survey.
If I know I'm eligible for expedite food stamps & I had my interview 20 days ago amd still no response what do I do?
last night i saved my answers but when i sign on i cant find my answers
That would be great. Also, is there a website that I could take a look at myself? Thanks.
ok thank you. but there is no way to view these online?
I been trying to get information online I can't find it
Thank you.  I was writing everything down.  That is the information I need.
I wanted to know if u can help me to  obtain a tax identification number
I am familiar with completing the forms and do not want to go through the simulation
Do you go on the LawHelpNY site exclusively for this information?
I am trying to find the auction and sale information of my home. Where do I look and can I rpint out the information?
(hi!  I'm waiting for a few others to finish up but we will debrief together)
thats ok i have that number and worked with ACS on this before, I just need to find the worker's information
You notice that the system in place does not provide the forms nor access to an Office!1
I need information or a web site to help me what to do as far as grandparent rights.
Great thank-you! please give one moment to copy the information before closing the session
TY! TY! TY!  I was lost w./o your help.
I checked that website and the form are limited. They do not provide what I need.
Seems like there is a program on lawhelp that walks through the form
OK, your entry was cut off at the top, please resend - tx
Hi, I had written to your info account but it said it wasn't monitored and to write here:
yes, I can access the site and will look for the appropriate forms .
i checked online but I don’t know my case number if I call can they help me with that?
Oh ok. Yes that's the questionnaire I started.
No, thank you sooo much for all the details information including all the links!
I am trying to navigate now through the nycourts.gov website, just not sure where to go to refile electronically
I am still not able to find the forms I am looking for
Ok, I was told that the forms were available on line
thank you so much. Can you please keep this window open so that I can copy the info?
That's like a super brief summary. I didn't want to overwhelm you with the boring details.
oh nvm i see you cant give advice on my situation, just link me to articles nvm
I tried another browser (Chrome) already also, same thing.
i see some diys online but its asking me to fill out info i dnt have
Okay yes I have read that upon doing my research
if i give you my all information can you find out my right position katie ?
I haven't really found there what I am looking for yet
Thank you so much , I really appreciate it, I copied and pasted it to my computer,  thank you again...
I can’t see anything on the website with the details
ok I will  tell her, I am saving this website. Thank you I hope you have a good day!
Yes I will do the survey I don't know where to find it...
i need a financial affidavit disclosure in spanish couldnt find it on the website
I went to some of these websites, I am confused on which form to complete for my situation.
Thank you, the last question I have is how do we go about it and what documentation do I need
I was told it was available online - but I cannot locate the form
Hi Amy, I need help to check status on my ACS case online.
I just want to know more way he can go around it .. and more info on how to fight it ..
Thank you It will be fine I'm sure once I figure it all out.
I just need direction navigating this site to find the documents
I copied and pasted into a private web browser. I need to see if it tells me any info
To sum it up: Are the teachers allowed to make screenshots of our messages
no but can you leave this char open. Im copying down the information
I took videos of the last two incidents
I don't have access to a printer but I am writing down the information
I haven't started the process, I wanted some information on how to start and who can help me?
Just can't find them online and I live 4 hours away
I'm looking at the site right now thank you
I have a couple of questions, I'm hoping you'd be able to help
Okay thank you very much I will try with a regular desktop
What form could I use? Can I download form online?
i need to access online information the docket
Hi -  just testing to see if this function works on S&C's computer system.
can this be done on my smart phone because I think it might be my computer that is not allowing to save?
Bottom of page 19 continuing onto page 20.
but im looking everywhere  and i cant find it
Do i keep this page open or do i leave my number
I am in the support Modification and Enforcement page right now and I dont see an option to download the form
Thank you so much! So much information on line so was having trouble navigating to the right spot
He is employed full time and makes $71,900 per year teaching
i'm not getting into the details like i said
Im not a relative of a citizen but i have dear friends all across the country
i had a land survey where the surveyor falsified the map and  said “the deeds are wrong”
i was chatting movement before ..internet connection got lost
I can’t seem to find the proper forms
no. and their web pages just offers a blank form
I don’t think that is correct but I don’t know for sure and don’t know who can help me
Take your time Dont need to rush when trying to get the right accurate information 😊
The Copy Request Form sounds correct but I don't know what Book #, Page # and Instr # mean
Ok - I believe I read that too. I'm just going to go in and get the forms in person. Thank you
I have been researching but I can't find 1 place that will hold the banking system accountable for their activities.
Oh, that's a great website. I will look through it. Thank you
Thank you Ashley.  Haven't seen the article yet.
Hello.. I’m looking for the Personal Information Form?
My case worker said she has been looking but is unable to find anything
Oh wow thank you I couldn't find any documentation for the life of me
I received an email with my account number and pin. now its telling me to do the online petition.
ok let me tell you my status with kids
thank you very much for your help. Ill try to understand what that webpage says
I will go to library get internet access. This is a low-cost cellular service. I can't see the info at site you sent.
thats outdated information from many months ago
they mentioned abt tracking so they want this information not for staff safety but for whatever reasons they are getting incentives to obtain it
I need to find the electronic testimony form please.
Okay, thank you. The links don't work. Can you copy and paste the info please.
Ok. I'll start with these 2 and see what I find. Thank you.
I want to know how to complete the process online
the only inconvenience would be is that the application would require the number of the certificate and the date and unfortunately i dont remember it.
im sorry I did not save the last information quick enough
I was looking for the printable form not the online form
Hi I was just on hte line with you and i lost the page
Thank you ... yes, I've see this on the website ... very useful
I’m ready for the survey...how do I access that John?
Can you please inform me of the name of the form that I have to download
I think Ill close out the other form and try it again
Okay well thank you for your help , I’ll continue to research online.
I do NOT want to give guardianship to her mom. I would like to raise my child.
I was told it is to the right of the page but did not see that number
Ive called all the ones on the list for legalaidny.org
I want to know if anyway to live far from them.
Ok I would appreciate that. Can you give me the info ? pls
That took me back to the page I started to get to you
I go online for a subpoena form first?
I called and they said simply that the forms can be found online.
I just have no idea what to do to be honest.. I'm just kind of lost.
But that doesnt help at all. Its giving no practacal info on how to file a simple document. Makes me wonder
I would like to see if its possible to subpoena her job but I dont have information on where she works
Omg it says that the page can't be found
I told him he could not take my picture ( he was on the property not in a public space) and he still did it anyways
Oh I know but at least I can get it started
I was just speaking with u n I accidentally click over n lost all the info
then they had me do a oil consumption test for a 100$ then told me they would not cover anything
This seems to be the same case matter with all the services I have called online...Please any info would be appreciated!
Yes its going to be interesting. Thank you again i will start doing some research now
Not at the moment if I need more help I can come back to the website
my parents created a will 35 years ago. How do they go about updating it?
i need a copy with the info Lanique gave me
I can't seem to locate anything like that.
There were several steps I had taken to rectify the issue but no one seemed to want to address it
Ok thank you I'll give them a try.
I don’t see any props at the bottom of the page
after I log in and fill out the form I don't see a save option
But they can't say what these fees are and what calculations they are making for the intrest
do you know which form would be suitable for my situation?
This is very helpful. I want to see if I can copy and paste this info before we close the chat.
Is there information that I can read online regarding my rights?
Not the orgs, I thought we were talking about the info in the database
is there some way I can save this transcript to save all of the referral information?
I created an account and everything it was supposed to save it especially if I created an account and it didn't do that either
Your website is well organized, too bad I can't be certain the legal information is up-to-date = Legal :(
I am reading it and I will gladly take any other resources that would help Thank you
No. I'm looking to fight for partial adult guardianship. Are there any local resources for this? What steps would i need to take?
I will look at all these pages, i know so much more already, thank you for all your help
I was told to go to www.nycourts.gov but I cannot find what I need
Thank you Shelby. I’ve visited several websites, without any luck.
HI I was wondering how I Would be able to save my progress
ok but first of all i need to know about my position
Hopefully because I already checked everywhere on internet
ok thank you, i do see these items on your website
That's the short version. Also I have all documentation attesting to all of these facts.
There was an fence installed but I have to get a town license. I need a legal description as part of the license.
housing told me it was nothing but then I got report stating lead found
Does that help? I'm sorry I'm not too familiar with this stuff
I was speaking with your colleague but i think i lost the signal
Ohhh don’t you worry...I’ll be filing out the survey John and Latoya!
How can I save this info to get back to it if I need to try the other one?
yes thats whats it's called...sorry, I lost all the pprwk that I wrote this info on
i already used a program on your website and download the forms
I dont see a disclaimer on this page. I may lose connection. Have to go back to previous page.
I been looking online for different information since months
I’ve already read that I have questions it doesn’t cover
trying to do a Electronic Document Delivery System and its asking for a case #
I'm devastated and lost. I have no idea how to proceed, except look for ways to get help anywhere I can.
I don't know how to check status with no number
Is there anything else I can do? Reading the info in the link you provided is how I discovered I missed checking a box.
having trouble finding the forms online to fike
ok I got the document and I am typing in the information
OK.  There are forms which I can complete on line ,  that's my understanding.
no because i lost her information so now i don’t know how to get these documents so i can do my class
no thank you I'm going to look up the sites you just gave me
Miss Katie, I am a very fast person. I have copied and pasted the information you have given to me
I don’t see anything about criminal stuff on either site
i know that I just need to specific form numbers
I went to nycourt.gov and can't find the form?
Thank you, I didn't know this even existed. Just found it online. Very helpful.
I suppose I should go to the web site you provided me with and see what I can do from there.
Can I write “being settled” on the answer form
ok. that's what i figured. thanks for all your help!
The numbers you provided said they can't help
ok i was told e court but where do i lok
Thank you.  I’ll write back if I need that. Appreciate your time and service
It seems very simple. But some of the wording in there is above my level of education.
Yes me and her don't really see eye to eye
It’s alright. Thank you for the help I’ll look into the website.
Ok I have seen all that I do have a account online that shows me everything
Thanks for your help.  I'll try these websites.
oh ok. if there a guide for completing the form. I'm doing this pro se and the form is a bit daunting
However, I do not see the "Personal Information Form"
Ive looked everywhere i just need help
i have been on all these sites it says printable forms however there is not
It doesn't give me another option. It doesn't allow me to go ti the next question.
I searched my lastname in webcivil local but could not find anything
I'll send you a brief write up of situation
there is no way to e file  i read on the site that there was
I don’t see the link for the form on that page without going through the “petition program” link
I am looking into a few things and don't know what to do at his point
Yes to continuing, sorry, I missed that line.
i have one more question! sorry i forgot this one
I just did a form for a small estate .went to make an account  then could not find my ans.
So the transcript will contain all of this information with links so I can access from my computer later?
i just need the site page, i already stared a case and saved my answers...
I saved the documents came back to my account and did not see it
i was told I could filed online by filling in a form
yeap, i was having trouble finiding that document page
Thank you for the helpful information. I will contact these agencies. I would like to know how I can save helpful information.
Thank you !!for sure hoping he doesn't try takin it to that point . But will also read into that as well!!!
Ok Lucas thx. I need to write down info, if you disengage would the info be lost ?
so confusing all of this stuff, um im reading through it now
Great! I’m saving all the links so I can verify them once our conversation finishes.
That’s ok, I would like to continue
I tried the blue area the information disappears.
i have the account number can i find the order online?
ok i didn't know warwhere to look
The old plaftform I was using for online payments is no longer valid
Yes. I don't see what I need in this list. Is  there another page?
hi I just lost  the page you gave me with all the informative information
Can you please dirct me to the place where I can download the form?
I did refile GF-17 as they told me to do that at court and just got a document id number.
I said we have no money for transportation he said tell him to walk
there was a link where i can plug in my name or case number and find the status
Thank you. It's not what I wanted at all and am very hurt and confused. Better off without her, but still
I have been looking for hours, can't find any references
Is there a section you could direct me to so I can educate myself enough to form a case?
I don’t have the form, can you help to to get the form online
I am unaware of my children's whereabouts for the past week.
Just wanted to make sure I have the right info to save time tomorrow
i saw that but it takes you back to  the main page
I just need a copy of payment history thats it
ok, yeah, i figured everything is online now if it can be done remotely.
I have tried these numbers and I have that website and still I don’t hear from anyone
I downloaded  form 4 is that the correct form?
I SPENT A FEW DAYS SEARCHING, NO AVAILABLE FORMS NOR SITE EITHER
Hello, I am filing a GF-1 with custody and I'm wondering if there is any help to figure out how to do this form.
My status is slightly different than the set of questions on your site.
I cant find the email or page where I can electronically file the petition with the court
Ok I hope I can do this. As I'm so not computer savvy. Up by the share ?
Awesome!!!  I’m going to save these links and get started on them!
I was on the main page but it was complicated to figure out.  Is there a way of saving the information you just sent me
Great cuz I want to save this. Molly thank you so much
ok  i'll try website.  thanks for your patience.
Its states about education but I see no education tab
I have 1more question . I created an account online.
also I read thru all 55 pages of the summons and cannot locate a date as to when this information must be furnished.
ok great!!! that's what i figured. thank you.
Can you share a link maybe from the nycourts site that can provide some info?
I cannot find any form on this LawHelp.org web site
no it does not. it only states the form number. I need the actual forms from your site
I jumped pages, hope I didn't lose the conversation...
Thank you for guiding me to these resources. You saved my life.
but I understand really well and I can write and speak a little
Just looked on the map, it’s very far away
Thanks for all your help.  I'll check out the websites.
I looked at that line I don’t see the forms
Unfortunately, I had to have an autopsy done with the hospital. Have not been able to look at it....
Oh that’s helpful thank you I was trying to write the numbers down
thank you so much, you’re a life saver
I know the name of the form is gf 17 it’s listed but I cannot click on it
I'm looking for information on a civil suit, and I don't see anything on the webstie
is there a way if my daughter is 21 can I find out the status of her order of protection
I've read about filing a shoe cause motion, but can't find the form
I don’t need advice. I need to locate the form on the page
I found the form page but I didn’t know which one to do
I’d like to know if it is possible download or have a copy of a disclaimer form
I tried this about 2 years ago with my daughter, I used a service that provided an online wizard.
I am trying to help a 20 year old man obtain his identification documents. His parents will not provide them to him.
I would like to send her some photo as she requested and also I have some questions for her ax well
hi, im logged in to lawhelp and half way thru my form - HOW do i save it and continue later?
I don't think I can file for a hearing as that information is correct but I am at a loss as what to do next
did u find where i can get the form for electronic testimony application (uccjea-7)
Awesome!!!! Thank you soo much!!! Im so tired of the mess.
Yes they told me to do the forms online and gave me the website
No, because  I was looking online first to see if I could get it
I've searched all the "FAQ's online but none pertain to my situation.
ok,, thanks Charles sorry I wasted your time
Ok no problem it will be a little lengthy because I want to cover all bases is that ok
Ok thank you! I’m sorry I couldn’t find it.
(You can also see this info in the right hand corner under the Info tab)
Okay, Are there any pages of reference for rights of specifically, parents with physical custody?
That is what I am seeing also. I did find a form on the violence website, but as you note, it is for married people.
No not for right now :) thanks you pretty much sumed everything up for me .
Have a nice evening, for your hard work and SEARCH
Ok sorry i wasted your time but thank you
all of it just brings me to the same page and i cant get a form
Nope it still comes back to this page
Okay so I’ll go to the website and process it from there
good afternoon Deanna. I recently lost my mother from natural causes but most info. is for covid help
I'm so happy to hear that  :) I have a question but there's kind of a long story behind it.
Thank you, Franklin. I will try later website.
Pdf is fine.  Thank for additional research
i am not quite sure where to place my information since there are no real lines or fields
we don’t know where to go and who can help us
I am also undocumented, i dont know if that will help narrow down
I just know they looked him up and found his address. Because it was on the report when the officer gave it to me.
I just have to get back to the page that shows the answers, just cannot open them.
can i save this i dont want to lose the info
I was already on that page it doesn’t say where to download the form
Yes thank you very much I will research the articles
Hi Nicole, I cant open the forms
Ok both parents do agree where do you get a form?
ok i need the forms its not showing my any forms
I'm technologically delayed so I pray that I can figure it out
I have questions is’t ok to apply online
If you happen to have the recertification form, I am specifically referring to page 8
I tried the online site to look up the file number. Not getting anything
links for this page What to know if you've been locked out of your home
I wrote this b4 cuz I type slow, so just prepare to read...
I don't see the actual form though
Go ahead and read I'm gonna continue
ConEd provides me with an estimated reading which is astronomically high considering I am rarely home.
Thank you for your help we will start looking into these sites.
Sorry. I talk to someone there and I have lost the information that she gave me.
Can I save this page? I tried the 3 dots and that's when I lost the page?
Just want to make sure I have all the correct information for the court. As they are way behind.
sorry i forgot to type yes for the question above
Well there are alot of different forms that were on the site.
trying to find dots, i also screen shot links
Thank you. Can you please give me just a moment while I write down the website?
Would number 1 be the correct form?
Sandra, how can I save this information. Can you email me at defiant57@outlook.com
I just want navigation on the site to download a form
even though she covers it and he reimburses her but wont show him proof of amount she spends
Its a start thanks for the time, will check websites
Great! I will explore that page and see what best works for me. Thank you!
I spoke with these people already. I am having a problem pulling up the general form 1
I was just online with someone else an some kind of way i lost her
I was hoping to get the info via the site, the court is unresponsive via telephone
it is there anyway someone one can provide information in Spanish?
