Hello gm can I close a case for custody and visitation * before the court date. ?
I do not have a custody agreement but I wish to initiate one
I used a general custody form downloaded from NYCourts. I use it in Orange and Westchester but was rejected in Sullivan
So I was wondering how I would go about filing a petition for Custody n Visitations  for the first time
hi i want to know how to get forms for custody/visitation violation
I have a son and his mother and I have never established custody in court but I would like to proceed with getting that established
Second i am looking to Rep myself in a custody/ Visitation case
That site just brought me back to the Custody/Visitation enforcement program page
from what I understood, normally they take care of both custody and visitations on the same hearing
Yes, we both did about 3 times before a trial date was given. We each got copies of TEMPORARY CUSTODY/VISITATION
i  did and all it gives me is the custody modification or custody enforcement. not a new petition
Yes I first wanted mediation he said he wouldn’t do it over a year ago
I don’t quite understand the form as well I’d like custody of my daughter and visitation agreement for her father
I just need help answering questions about custody and visitation at this time with the pandemic.
the link that says   Custody/Visitation Modification Petition Program
that i dont understan what i need to do now it said a lot of stuff that i have not clue
there's no current Child support. I was looking to start a new case for child support and custody/visitation through Family court
then the foster care agency said I could come back
Hello I need legal advice for custody and visitation
I am moving out of state and would like to settle a custody or visitation agreement
I was recently received a court date for a custody hearing. i wanted to know what low cost/ free attorney options are ther available
the originasl custody agreement was in queens county
Yes. I would like a custody hearing. How can I start?
Is there a specific Petition to file for involuntary termination of parental rights?  Or would it be the normal custody paperwork?
It's because I plan to appeal and do not want custody terms changed until the appellate hears my case.
I'm looking for a pro bono legal representation on my custody and visitation case
No there is not a custody agreement in place. And how does that also go about?
Latoya, I'm not a resident of NY but my custody hearing was there at Kings county.
I'm looking for an attorney with experience in child custody visitation
court custody visitation modification petition
Hi my name is westly oliver I have a court date tomorrow  what sight do westchester court use
I was wondering if you could please send me the link to file for a violation of a custody agreement??
sorry - I meant i only saw the modification or enforcement of an existing custody order
Is there a particular petition that I need to file for involuntary termination of parental rights?  Or do I  file the normal custody paperwork?
Because of the COVID pandemic will their be delays In Working through getting a custody agreement in place
I am looking for what steps to take if my children are at risk of abuse and neglect from the parent with physical custody
I am assisting someone who has joint custody of their child and would like to apply for a modification due to a visitation disagreement
and after I   click all of that all I   need to do now is press start custody/ visitation program?
the medical department at green haven correctional facility violate a court order after I got  my  injuries , that department waited pass the   to
i need a link to download custody and visitation forms
GF 17 form is the one to start a fresh custody visitation case?
so if he files with family court they wouldnt have him be tested before revisiting visitation or custody
I looked on website but it says visitation enforcement or visitation modification unsure what one to do
Hi, so i have visitation case pending its still in court
I am in Dutchess county family court and it is a custody/Visitation matter
One last question and it is a technical one: default custody/judgment happens when...?
i tried to get custody back in 2015 but i had to drop the case because treated me so bad, i was a traumatic experience
Is there a blank form for a custody modification request?
I pay child support. Should I go for custody or visitation, what rights do I have
Now there's a custody fight. Mother moved the PA and just came back.
i just have a couple questions.  My first one is there a way to print off custody violations and custody change request forms online?
It’s for violations against a custody order and a modification of custody
I had someone serve the parent in my case however they refused the summons. Does this count as being served?
Custody / Parenting was resolved in court a little over two years ago and a final order was issued by the Court
Isn't custody, visitation and child support all held in family court?
i need to get a divorce but I need to do custody and visitation application
Is there any organization in the Bronx or Manhattan that help with visitation and custody matters
Can you please send me the link for a petition for custody?
He is out. He had the seizure last Thurs and out of hospital last friday
I had a hearing on the 22nd April  its not been called and I have heard nothing since .  Its a child custody issue
This is in direct violation of the court ordered visitation
The correctional facilities that is ok ty so much
is there a way to apply for free legal assistance in family court for myself as an adult who is seeking custody and visitation?
I forgot the name but what happens when a parent files for enforcement of the order?
i am looking for the form to start a custody action.  I only see enforcement or modification
I need the custody and visitation forms to download
since the courts are closed how can i start the process of a custody and visitation hearing
I already ro have a final order on custody and visitation, with his father.
by couse   she  had a broken  ankle and ligament  the  procedure was  a malpractice  of these  hospital
I only saw modification or enforcement of an existing custody petition.
the link you sent me is for changing custody and or visitation
I forgot to mention that I want visitation, overnight stays, weekends and possible custody until my daughters get themselves together
Im sorry but it states custody/visitation modifications. Is that what im doing?
I filed for visitation enforcement and modification btw
the site you gave me has no forms.  only the custody/visitation link for lawhelp
I need help filing for sole custody for my daughter and set up supervised  visitation
Is there Legal aid where I can ask some legal questions about the best way to go about it, via foster or custody.
under the first paragraph where it says "[Required if Court makes a temporary order of custody or visitation; check applicable box(es)]:" ?
I need an 18B, Pro bono, or very low cost lawyer for a custody/ visitation case
we are just doing a followup on intake protocols following covid-19
My sister has filed for custody. Does filing for custody give her temporary custody until the case is heard)
I recently went pro se on my custody case in Kings county. I have a trial coming up in April and need some direction.
i am looking for an attorney to possibly help with a current inmate and parole
All I can find onine is a custody/visitation petition or modification program, both which say I need a copy of the current custody ruling
is there a specific form for a child custody summons to serve to the other parent?
Iam filing a UCCJEA-9 form online for modification of custody and visitation how do i send it to the correct court when iam finished.
I would like to file  modification to a mediated Custody/Visit order but with the COV19 circumstance, I am not sure how to proceed?
I want to know how to begin the process to get visitation rights with my son and or full custody
Hello, can I print out custody/visitation forms online or do I have to pick them up at the courthouse?
i would like to file for visitation/ custody for my against his dad. Can you please send me the link?
Well if an attorney can appeal or visit him at the detention center, they can find what is going on right now
Custody was settled and Court Orders were for Custody & Parenting were issued in June of 2018 ( a little over two years ago)
I have sole custody and final decision making what are my rights with my child and their visitation with the other parent
does nys police have any enforcements in custody visitations
I need my daughter passport I filed for show of cause emergency custody hearing how quick can I get that
Can you please send me the link for the custody for via email at  franno32@yahoo.com
Yes and a writ to get her back in my custody
Also a general question, does the custody agreement automatically conclude once the child turns 18?
Nicole told me to go to the custody/visitation modification petition program,  unless I misunderstood her.
But I do not have a copy of the custody/visitation order because I never thought she would do what she is doing now
Is it best or possible to start a visitation/custody case prior to a divorce case?
Goodmorning I need guidance on how to proceed with a petition for custody
https://law help you.org/search?q=custody0/0 20 and 0/0 20 grandparents?
how would I go about starting a custody hearing?
Can you send me a link for the pdf file for the custody and visitation modification
Now because of my daughters condition, I would like to actually pursue succession rights again. Is that even possible?
