Do I qualify for a free attorney to help me thru this and hopefully win.
I have a settlement due to me and need to give my attorney the amount due from my case.
i can look, I just need to know what kind of attorney I would need
At this present moment I'm unable to pay for a attorney.
I already requested for an attorney but I did not hear back after 5 days.
Also something more applicable to say the DMV or attorney generals office, not specifically just courts
where can I get low cost attorney or free attorney
Manhattan but I would need a free or low cost attorney
also note that this involves the flatiron school -  the attorney general received a settlement against them 2 years ago
i apply asylum 15 years ago
I do not want a useless attorney who only wants money
Yes in both we don't have the money to pay a attorney though
I don’t believe I qualify for free attorney
do you know the number of the attorney general to file a claim?
he alwaus wins.  i dont know maybe a probono attorney that i dont know about that can go to court with me
she did not have an attorney.  What information does she need to receive the judgement from the court?
I go to court on Dec 21 2020 I don't have money for an Attorney
now his daughter is apparebtly raising our rent is taking over as land lord bc she power or attorney
Hello. I was terminated from my job and received a severance package. I'm seeking an attorney to review it. Can you help me?
the attorney is also a friend so that’ll be something I’d entertain
I have 18 pages and know some of the pages are not needed. I cannotcafford an attorney to do this so I will try
After they saw something they didn't like they needed it to go be looked at by another agency but that wasn' on the consent
For a private attorney bar association is the website ?
I see. So. This issue must be taken to an attorney then. I cannot do it without a lawyer, yes
other party's attorney is keep asking me to schedule it but not comfortable due to COVID and without an attorney
I would like an attorney but how much do I have to pay
so i have clearly not had time to consult with an attorney or prepare for this court date
No, my friend is the attorney for the original decedent in Texas and asked me this question because I am license in New York.
*As I have not been set up a attorney and I am quite lost on this process
About a week ago. He’s not the attorney handling the case. Just someone looking to represent me.
ok.   also , anything about attorneys who do pro bono work, i understand some states require a certain amount from attorneys
how long do they typically give you to seek counsel?
Yes Regine Pointdujour ive been having a very difficult time communication with attorney she is always busy
oh, that would be so good.  How would I go about having him pay for my attorney?  Is there another form?
I need to find an attorney as I have received a text from someone stating they own my home as of October 30, 2020.
I objected even though I was represented by Attorney which didn't object.
she referee me to the BA in my area. But I do not meet their qualifications for a free attorney
he did say I can go to trail but he did ask me to send her attorney everything
Need to find a Personal Property Attorney?
i would like to see if I can qualify for a free attorney
Its actually in queens county but I would prefer an attorney from Albany
Thanks so much Collen. Wish me look. I've been turned down buy many attorneys  due to lack of income.
have not talk attorney yet at the moment - not where to go sir
how would i be able to find out if i qualify for an attorney free of cost?
If my attorney is not for me what do I do . She has never even challenged the other party has put in
Well do I need an attorney if I want to counter sue ?
I have written to numerous Attorneys. No one has responded.
when i hired an attorney they bribed him to no longer represent me after $17,000 and then tried to have me killed
The address you gave if any attorney is ready then he will charge from me or not
Great! but to go to court I don't know if I need an attorney?
What will I have to to do to see one of the attorney s from urban justice?
The parent which has full custody does not want to follow our visitation agreement
Frank,  I only have one paragraph of getting me an attorney or help, then 3 are you ok
My needs an honest attorney by his I make complete fund transaction from bank
Hi, Jordan, I need to find a free attorney service that will help me firl Article 78 against NYS. Can you help?
In other words, my attorney created a mess for me and i had to fire him.
i see....legal aid has attorneys who can help those with limited means
Our pro bono attorney says that we have t get the document or give her a notarized release form.
I am sorry I have to bother you with these questions because I do not have an attorney assigned.
She might be able to work with a paid attorney if he/she was very affordable.
right now my attorney representing my case and i want to change on my name as a representation
Hi Diana. Im in need of a free attorney for 3 different court cases
it would have needed to go to California attorney general ?
I need a referral for a 17a guardianship attorney in queens.
Resources would be grwat. I can't pay a attorney.
Unfortunately I already have a NY Workman’s Comp attorney that is if no help
I need an attorney that can represent me at a lower price. based on my income. the case was filed from Supreme court in schenectady
the object was accepted, the rebuttal i recieved yesterday was from the attorneys office and was dated the 9th
Its very unclear. Can i manage this without an attorney or do most people need one.
My attorney hasnt been representing me to the best of his ability and hasnt been much of a voice for me in the court room
Live free attorney is just for online help not to actually go to court with
so the best way is to get an attorney involved?
Ok, I'll hold off on sending the form and then go meet with an attorney
I've been victim of fraud committed by my attorney and i found none who can proceed against him.  I even threatened me verbally
No I need paid attorney info not qualify for free lawyers
I have tried hiring an attorney, one responded with a request of $7500.00.
legal aid won't refer to an attorney
Before l was assigned to a Hiscock attorney but am unsure if l should utilize someone else?
I can’t afford an attorney and he agreed sign the forms
what kind of attorney i need for my case have a coop and i have problem with management
I have an attorney but they cant even meet with me for another 32 days
after going to court can i still get an attorney
I know my x will contest it and bring his attorney
Cuz I won't even have the same attorney anymore
I called Attorney General office and states attorney office. No help.
I haven't used an attorney in this case at all yet - just consulted with a friend of mine about it
I’m now unemployed and don’t have the means to retain an attorney
I would not benefit from the added layer of complication and time/expense retaining another attorney would add
How would I qualify for free help from an attorney?
I think I'm being discriminated against and his attorney is forceing actions that I am not agreeing to.
I used to have custody before with my son before but I want to change the agreement custody
I handled this myself for the most part. I only hired an attorney in June of 2018; he has not provided the services hired for.
You have any attorneys that take on legal actions because I want to take them to court
I didn’t have an attorney at closing and didn’t realize what I have gotten myself into.
but no one will help me for free as an attorney because this isnt criminal it's civil case
Do I have to retain an attorney to do this? I'd like to be amicable and do it myself.
Yes. They till me the forms I used are outdated due to a law change in June. Consult an Attorney is all I'm told.
I do not know where I would fit in for attorney I have a question
If it's possible, I dont mind an attorney from manhattan as well
I put in a request for an attorney 2 weeks ago and I’m not sure if I have one or  not?
Is there an attorney that he can talk to in our area that can get her to stop harassing him
I can’t afford attorney next court date December 12
Ok I already called my legal aid and unfortunately they said they don't have any available attorneys right now but thank you so much
I have been through two attorneys and really don’t have the finances to do it
