But I am willing to go beyond Washington if necessary
The person who made the will is in mew york am in trinidad
on the dol handbook it says you’re qualified if you’re in United States , territory
I no longer live in the state of New York, and it would be very hard for me to travel to New York.
If i show her that she is still under legal obligation to follow the existing visitation agreement she might be more agreeable
She has a flight to get here Tuesday and a return flight for her and our son for Wednesday.
there for i am afraid united state will lose jurisdiction so im tring to see what my options are
I'm in the UK and faster think I'm being scammed
I am a permanent residence here in Bronx County and my husband is in the Dominican Republic
I have no filed it  yet he was deported two months ago
i want to back usa and stay forever and also i want to invest
For a non-resident they must be personally served while physically in NY state?
We’re in Nassau, thank you so much that would be very helpful
can you help me find out if I have a barred time to enter the USA again?
so sir my live in new york city you help my father
I still live in the apt. It is my primary residence
I live here in panama and my child's father lives in the USA ny
Pause do they still need to go or do they stay home and not travel to the city
Yes I am a permanent resident but cannot find my green card
I live in Brooklyn now my health is not good so less traveling is better
I want to learn how to register a foreign judgement to NY
She was born and has lived all her life here in NY... SHe has been away for less than a month ffrom her home state.
if I am not at the location he believes me to be at, can I technically be served since I won't reside there soon
Buy I see on their website that have chat so I'm good thanx
You are redirecting me to New York City lawyers and I would have to pay $35 and I am not a New York City resident?
It was stabilized. I’m currently staying in Brooklyn
Ive been told that you couldnt help me because I am not considered resident in NY
i am not really familiar with US law but I have a cs hearing in the US while I am outside the country
I am capable of working, however without clothes, a home, or money for transportation I don't know what to do
I am used to time zone difference as I work for a company based in Albany and S Diego
Even thou..it's not my child..I'm just marrying someone whom has 2 younger children..but he has no visiting rights or parental right s right now
Yes snd I can’t make it to drive to meet due to not having enough time to take off
she has been traveling back and forth but this time she is staying permanently.
I’ve also reviewed the forms but, neither  specify the steps for out-of-state residents...
lol no worries. So with that being said I would have to take a trip to NYC correct?
I need legal everything helps about fund transaction from bank bank location in Brooklyn NY
Hello, I’m an international student living in NY. Am I eligible for the Covid aren’t Relief?
Also does it matter if I have only been in NEw York for a little ?
I also took the position because I was offered 13,000 more then my position in NY. I already purchased a house.
So...my question is. Is it ok to file it here in NY since I am here for a month and planning to stay?
In 2009 I was told to plead guilty to a possession charge and not informed of my immigration consequences
new york  small estate Manhattan
Oh thank you so much! I got turned down by legal aid because it is a civil matter and I am just flying solo.
I just can’t travel back and forth because it’s too expensive for me.
I think it’s Jamaica but I could confirm
I need assistance with converting a court Filiation from a jurisdiction outside of the USA to a court filiation within the state of NY
I lost my job because of several times I’ve flown in
I wasn't aware of the process and i live in miami
I'm visiting for reinstate to work case.
What are the times again? I'm in Nevada so the time zones are different
I would like to know if there’s a way for me to stay in New York
but how exactly do I go about becoming a new York state resident
theres nowhere i can write the reason of relocation
Hi Amy I am from  California and I  have  been  dealing  with  a. Lone  and now I am getting  the  runaround  what  can I do
Want to get a green card so I can travel
Home Properties is my current & Oct is Fairfield, LLC
sure.  that will be helpful too.  Though I'm a DC resident now.  But it's a NY issue
Their wil be no way for me to come back to the us
im in new york for less than6 months
He was deportared to Mexico 16 years ago
My husband lives in new york, so we cover the residency requirement
I mean if she was able to establish residency in Florida with her mother and I still living in Ny
I have joint custody with me having primary residency of the child how far from the other parent can i legally move
My friend lived here in Manhattan and that's why I came here
So he came to the US awhile back he has been here for about 15 years or more
The property is located in Jamaica  West indies.
I've been working for a US company for over 5 years
Yes please.    If house is sold in auction how long do I get to stay in house in new york
now i am staying in Bangladesh my home country , that is why the problem
right so let me start of by saying I'm an american citizen and was born in New york
The  Nursing Home they dont let me out at all to stores  yet they say I'm a resident
Thank you so much.  So it's still possible to receive support even though he's in France???
I’m not a resident of Florida so am I protected by nys & how can I deal with this
It just says for me to be able to take him anywhere even to my home it has to be agreed upon
the parties wish to settle outside of court
Now hes suing me for January through may of 2019 and I wasn't living there
So what you're telling me is that I should file in CT not Florida
do you think biden's plan of immigration will take long time or in the upcoming short time
Me and my daughter have joint custody of her daughter I have residence she will not return her after her visit
Actually last October was my 16th month, so i should be good to claim in New York?
we both are not US citizens or Green card holders but he is going to have Green card through his new girlfriend
i am in Connecticut wouldi need to cometo ny for this?
My daughter  father live in the Dominican Republic but we live in NYC. He travel to the USA constantly,  he is USA citizen.
i pay like i work in New york
before the pandemia I went to the American embassy but I didn’t get any information at all
My ex took the kids to Florida for summer vacation for 6 weeks and he's refusing to return the kids back to new York
Thank you again: this last one is for residents who have mobility restrictions... I do not believe I would qualify
Not really. But sometimes I'm a little nervous because he's so nutty. He lives in Pennsylvania and doesn't work.
does it cover manhattan? I don't see it as an option
have not practiced law in New York for 10 years
Will it be difficult for me to file since he is in a different state
I am sure city has there own way of checking such issues
is this the latest and the only information available before actually visiting the court?
He’s in Afghanistan so i don’t know how that will work.
I am a resident I moved to the US only 3 years ago and married my spouse shortly after.
He does not mind having joint legal. He wants to move to Florida.
Aqui es usa en virginia
Perfect, thank you! also, if I need to switch my case from the state of NY to FL, how do I do that?
yes. I am familiar but with Arizona. Thank you I will look at Ny
I will not continue as I need to know if his medicaid  can be transferred from New York to Massachusetts.
yes, we came in USA together and still together
The loophole was me being gone for so long. I guess i gave up my rights of residency?
I need help w my mom's estates
