Can you please let me know what it the maximum fee for early termination lease for a apartment
Do i have the right to stay in my apartment after I request 6month lease
Hi Amy, I would like free legal assistance in a lease termination case please. I live in Queens NY
My lease is up in August and I wonder if I have rights to ask for extension of the lease since the covid 19
i have 2 questions actually. a lease with my landlord in a moc
I would like to know my rights when it comes to a lease renewal . When rental is not in good repair.
Hello.  My lease ends on 6/30 & the landlord won't renew
I need a letter from her that's says she is agreeing to payment@ and a year lease
If a landlord has an expiered rop is the tenant required to uphold the remainder 9f the lease
We being harassed and all that nobody doing nothing she threaten to terminate my lease another and said none of the papers she sent
I've requested this renewed lease 3-4 times via email and phone and they simply won't respond
But on the other hand why mention 45 days notice if the lease if for 1 year
Ok, also is there a way out of my lease I have 6 months left .. I don’t want him knowing where I live
The rent increased nearly $1,000 from the previous tenants lease to my lease
I did not renew the lease which was sent to the landlord  and I havent sent a 30 day notice yet
My lease is up April 1st. Due to the pandemic, I can not move at this current time.
My grandma lease will not be renewed at the end of this month by the landlord what can she do
I have no lease. I've rented this apartment for 25 plus years.
My lease will be up at end of August and the management sent me a notification of "no renewal of lease"
Or does renewing the lease simply mean that all agreements from the signing date are extended as is?
came to conclude close our business after 7years but we’ve just renew our contract last year for 2yrs term
If as a tenet we never receive a new lease, does the landlord have the right to automatically renew the lease without our permission?
My brother is in physical reh a vet n his landord doesnt want to renew his lease
I am month to month as I never resigned my lease, was not asked to
even though the lease goes to NOvember 1
I need to find someone who can review the lease with me to make sure I am within my rights
I signed a 1 year lease and I want to get off it what is the best way to do so
Before she died she submitted a recertification and added him to the lease. However they are asking him to move.
I have a lease thru August 31, but I dont
An additional charge, an MCI charge was added to the rent with the lease renewals that would occur over the next 9 years
My daughter is attending to syracuse university and got a lease contract begins August 3 2020 but she decide to take online course.
Thank you, but there is no lease, currently month to month
I have been affected financially by Covid-19. I want to end my lease early. what are my rights?
NO NEVER GOT EVICTED I TERMINATED MY LEASE BEFORE TIME
But the case is that if I didn't renew the lease, the lease should end automatically
Can my landlord refuse to renew my lease because I  smoke,  72 years old on ss
I don't want to sign the lease without that rider bc I can't really afford the full amount
my landlord is slow to make repairs and I have grown frustrated.  If I report him to 311 can he refuse to renew my lease?
We are unsure if the new owners will honor our lease
no they just taking advantage because they lease was upp in may 2020
I have message my landlord now 3 times (lease ends nov 30) about a renewal
Thank you! In this case I’m allowed at lease 90 day since I’ve lived there as of feb 8th 4 years.
I have a two year lease that does not end until 2022
I was given a letter by my landlord saying he does not wish to renew my lease. I would like to know what to do?
we gave them a month to month lease as we were planning on renovating and they would eventually need to leave.
Hello, how many days does your landlord have to inform you of a non-lease renewal for a one year lease?
OK-I do need to know about the new upcoming lease too.
She says this lets us leave with 45 days notice even thought the lease term is one year
good evening i have a question im on the FEPS Program my lease ends 4/3/2020 whats do i need to do now?
I have not dared to request for rent relief based on that prior to covid becuase I fear them not renewing my lease
Need help with renewing lease trying to find out my rights
It was a 1 year lease ending in August 31
Are tenants entitled to additional copies of a residential lease (if they misplace the one originally provided)?
Is it true that when our current lease with expires and we still occupy, it becomes a month to month with the same terms?
SO she says this covers us and we can leave with proper notice before the lease ends
what is the best course of action when my landlord is in violation of my lease agreement?
Housing, living in an illegal basement. Owner wants us to evict even though we have a 2 year contract we renewed.
And the lives with portion because they can come and go as they please, but they are listed on my lease.
Received a notice from the landlord not renewing our lease
Like if in April we say we want to vacate in 45 days, does the lease terminate without penalty?
curious what happens when a tenant is in the hospital the week of a lease ending - is there a lawful extension of the lease?
I've been to the 1st link but it does not address the month to month once lease expires.
I need advice on how to get out of a lease early due to dangerous conditions
my lease permits me to take possession of the apartment after 3 days.
I’m not sure the lease renewal forms say it’s issued under section 2523.5
I have asked the landlord to free me out of my lease based on the conditions he keeps telling me I sighed the lease already
Y cambiar el léase a mi nombre lleva viviendo en esa apt por 42 años que recurso legal puede asistirle
Hi! I would like legal help regarding an issue with my lease
And lease to a friend until the lease is up in July 21?
no new lease was received and the landlord claims it was sent out
I am wondering what this means about my lease that is renewed through the program annually
I'm having problems getting off my 1 year lease
kings county and i'm having an issue regarding having a lease takeover
We were asking the landlord for this to be added to the lease but it seems kind of weak
I do not want to renew my tenants lease it’s not an eviction
Where would I get help if I have a question on a lease with renting a mobile home
I'm one year into a two year lease
I'm looking for clarification on the terms of my lease regarding subletting and lease assignment.
Ok.  Also, would you happen to know if any resources for a month-to- month lease holdover case for eviction?
I'm a renter in Ulster County.  Just received my lease renewal.  My question is; is 18% increase in residential rent legal?
i know covid might have a three  month no eviction but im not sure about my sisuation my lease is up
Okay and that was supposed to say that my lease expires today
I had a lease that expired and he waited 3 months to present me with a lease with added on fees and rules.
what are tenants rights as far as early lease termination?
I have a few but a main one is should all people over the age of 18 be on the lease?
Hi! I have just received a new lease renewal with an increase on the rent and would like to have some advise
Have not received my renewel lease from my landlord my lease expires May 31 I live in a rent controlled apt 67 years old
what date could I first send a formal notice of lease termination in order to start eviction on August 21?
We are only in our 6th month of 1 year lease**
live in nyc..signed new 2 year lease rent stabilized apt starting 4/2020...is my lease grandfathered into covid rent stabilized rent freeze..
Daniela, what is the law now during Covid regarding month to month apartment leases? How many days notice is required?
Last march we switched from a year lease to month to month. Does that affect anything?
They are saying I have to pay the debt in order to renew my lease on my car
I am at the end of my lease Apr 30 but I don't quite have a place to go yet since the pandemic
Is there a free legal service that can answer some basic questions about NYC landlord/tenant lease renewals, month to month tenancy, etc
I am renting in manhattan (market price). Due to coronavirus I want to leave the apt. Lease expires in august. How should I do this?
Thank you, but the main issue is that the landlord wants to change terms of a signed lease
i live in a rent stabilized apt and my lease expires in april 2020.
we have normally had a year to year lease but it was not signed again this year because she simply avoided us.
would I be able to ask you a legal question about lease renewals ?
Is there anything I can do legally to force them to take my name off this lease?
My landlord says he will not renew my  lease after 9 years ,  because I smoke a
