ok, thank U...but do U know the law regarding if I still am entitled to 50% of the value of property?
I have talked to a few NY lawyers who are willing to help and they would all like a retainer of "just" 5000 dollars +
Thank you. I just want the dealership to pay the truck off and increase my credit score back to normal
I want to file for her best interest  because your right that factor is minimal
Just found what I needed while waiting: about workplace 50% restrictions. Thank you though!
I’m willing to set a minimum payment plan with them
I tried those so far  they do intake on certain days.
So instead of getting our 2400 back were supposedly now it getting $400
What they did say is any store credit issued before July 22, 2020 is not going to be given to the client
all the help ive been receiving since I been home! more than half has been taking from me
The court did not order retroactive payments increase which is kind of weird
I'm the one having a large amount of arrears deducted from my check. I need counsel for this matter
I tried so hard to keep her until this case is seen but I can only buy so much time.
I don’t feel I need a higher level of care
what is the statue of limitations for NY State department of labor to recover the money?
no i cant afford an attorney at this time and im currently at the library so im on a time limit .
She told him to take her to court and now he is asking for 3mths instead of a year
Per say say instead of 56k a yr there go to 40k a yr
But it probably can’t take it because of the time limit which they shouldn’t have
i have to disable boys with Austin an I shouldn’t have to be going threw so much
They have me capped at 100 a month plus interest
My childsupport is in the hundreds thousands. I have 700 dollars at my trail. How will it look for me.
I have questions regarding new Public Charge rule
If he sold the house within 3 years for any amount over "X" I would be entitiled to 1/2 of any amount over "X"
but i am terrified of having my rent doubled in one month
Ok.  Just want to know if there is a legal minimum in New York City.
Tell you the truth I miss your court date and they have boosted my monthly amount to 128 from $25
They say I have 7 days to respond and I want to be honest, but limit as much monetary restitution as possible
Statute of limitation on 15 year old non moving traffic infraction
Hi i need free lower for court day
i just have a general question. to qualify for an 18B attorney, what are the income guidelines for NY courts?
Yes. but I know that her estate is in excess of $50,000
I want to increase the amount I receive for my son
THEY SAID "WE CAN NOT INVESTIGATE 3 MILLION DOLLARS DEFAULT JUDGMENT THEFT BECAUSE THE COURT IS HIGHER THAN US"
Since, I match QMB income limit I should be able to keep both benefits. Is there anyone who can help me figure the whole situation?
so how do i get the 1000 relief she basicaly stole ?
they extra 600 did not take affect until April 2020
Can you explain the poverty level thing for eligibility?
No I don’t have a attny he would help but the lime limit is stopping him and me
I did not exceed 18 years old on March 18 but now I do
Ok can you help me with a form that I can go an get it reduce
This was very helpful- I was able to make an appt. Thanks so much
Essentially I need to either get this arrest removed or reduced
i need help finding a pro bono lawyer or reduced rate
How can I get a copy of my court order without going into the court building
I read online that he must inform me of more than a 5% increase in rent more than 30 days in advance
LSHV can't help as they say we are over the poverty limit
his paperwork says he is eligible for a cost of living increase in 2020.
we didn't know that about the cost of living increase, that's helpful. it automatically goes into effect? do you know what % the increase is?
a few months vs over a year is a big difference in time frame
The hole grew from a leak in february 2018 to 18 inches by 36 inches hole in september 2019
I only make $17/hr and that is more than 1/2 my take home.
Credit card.  The statue of limitations ran out.  The question is did it run out before the judgement was filed.
I don't know what the right 1 2click on
traffic infraction non moving statute of limitations. My ticket is 15 years old
i'm on disability and don't make $1200 a month
Yes, it is my son that is failing his classes. He went from a 92 GPA to a 64GPA
i believe there is a time limit on how long they can be vacant
Even if it's something that can be set up  legally because this is becoming too much.
does threatening me tthat theyll double my rent count
I think I'm over the income limit for your organization.
Ok thank you. What if he put the wrong rental amount on the court papers
my new lease has an increase of 10.12%, which is much higher than my last two of 1.99% and 2%
I don’t mine they take it’s just that in this moment whit out work it’s to much
its took 2 years of court to get that $600 and i spent many thousands for my lawyer
the house needs thousands of dollars of work to make it habitable
what I can do because is to much I still no working and that desocupen no was the correct
32 years ago I got $10000 student loans
I just received a mail saying my credit score is very low
Hi good afternoon. So my issue is that last month, I had put down $1200 to hold a room i had planned to rent
Hello, I need assistance on filing a claim against Mucha.
Are there limits on how much your rent can increase at one time
I have read the statue of limitations was extended to 4/19, is this true?
I have SNAP benefits that are $194.00 a month and they want to lower it to $35.00 a month and take away my medical
I'm wondering how to apply for an increase to my alimony..
They have threatened to stop my current level of care
I LET THEM KNOW THAT EVERYTHING CHANGED SO THE FMLA RULS OR LIMITIONS ARE IRRELEVANT BECAUSE OF COVID
Im still withim the legal limits for going to court about it, which kind of lawyer would it be?
and she isnt taking me seiously and dont want to leave the country and then I am at loss of 4000
Hope so I know filing fee about 400 hundred and lawyer 5000 dollars can't afford
Isn't there a time limit as to when that could be done?
I was thinking more along the lines of a fine for illegal u-turn waived
criminal.  criminal mischief over $250 is the charge
never the person who decides if i make too much
after all these years,  now I lawyer in New York asking me to pay over $ 39000 for the loan
only have put 5k miles on this car since purchasing
I only receive $63.00 a month it needs to be increased
How can I get court paper or have rent reduce I email and called since Dec 2
Is it ok they take away money from the extra 300$,they didn’t take from the 600$ extra I got before ,
I tried the 4500 number before 3 times i never got through
l have a little money. But my income is under $1000. a month.
BUT I believe the bill had exceeded it's statute of limitation, which is not what the collector told me.
but when I got the extra 600 they didn’t take any money from me
she was suppose to pay me 600 plus a few items i got for her at the hardware store
Are there people that will help us and not charge a ton?
I received a notice in the mail that I am ineligible for a cost of living increase when I never applied for one
Hello Michael, I received a public urination ticket and I was wondering how I can minimize my cost
can the order of protection escalate to something to else or is that the highest
