Great, we will reconvene in a couple minutes and I will explain the next step
Unfortunately this court has a stack of people. the same year, same problem with no offer to resolution
thanks for your patience, I needed to explain it all in order for the question to make sense
I have Court  virtually  on March 4,2021 I would like to address this  situation at that time
ok thanks sorry i am trying to explain without explaining my situation that i am in haha
Awesome. Please don't exit out of the chat yet. I will explain the next steps when we reconvene.
I need legal assistance. Can I give a brief explanation?
good morning, i have a letter from the surrogate court about my late fathers house and i need a lawyer to explain it
sorry I don’t know how to explain it without it being a specific situation
ok, we are in desperate need to find free legal info to  better understand what we have to do
I would like to find someone to better help me understand what some things mean
i’ll check them out.  probably gonna get the same problem again.  don’t understand how
I want to be sure that there terms make sense
I think i understand, but I don't believe that was how it was explained to me previouslt
Can you please bear with me for a second so I can explain my situation
Im not sure how to explain what im looking for
That would be great can I explain a bit more of my situation so maybe u can understand better
I am looking to understand my rights and liability in this situation
Okay, great. I will explain the next steps when we reconvene
There has been little discussion as to the guidelines that will be put in place.
I want to clarify what I'm doing is the right thing
I'll give a brief explanation of my case.
that is fine.  I am only asking for to explain a section of the POA document.
It’s says this at their eligibility restrictions and I couldn’t understand if they help or not
I don’t know much about this I would like someone to explain me my rights and responsibilities
unfortunately, I have looked at that website and find it really confusing to understand
i was hoping to understand my obligations and my options, in the absence of the availability of the proper channels to go through this process
so it’s legal advice to explain what the question is asking?
I did try to call before the chat popped up. lol so, they will be calling me if I don't completely understand something
Thank you.  Sorry it was so long I just wanted to explain the situation
I didnt read and I full understand now, sorry
No problem! We will reconvene in a couple minutes and I will explain the next steps.
okay I do understand thank you so much for your help
I was wondering if my employer had broken any laws and was wondering if this was the right place to explain the situation?
Understood. I am familiar with that. Makes perfect sense. One more  question she had....
I saw some stuff on the nyc gov site but didnt fully understand it.
Yes absolutely I do understand, and I accept those restrictions
i asked for a full explanation and ge gavevme none
Wait.  I'm finding myself explaining stuff that I wouldn't have to if I was speaking to someone in NYC.  Is that the case?
You have directed me to the right recourse to address my issues.
i can understand that too but she has revealed so much to me I figured why not address what you just did in 2 sentences
Would you explain a little more about the scope of services offered?
okay I see. I can explain this dire situation to the judge
I know where the office is but I not sure if it's open or if it make sense to go
could I schedule a call to better explain things
Not looking for legal advice per se just to clarify for me to understand
Okay, got it. I think I understand the process now
but i understand as her mother i still have the right to speak to her and know about her right?
We will reconvene in a couple minutes and I will explain the next steps.
but I understand he still has parental rights I want to revoke them
I understand. Just concerned that by the time this is all said and done. he will be 18.
i go to explain you my issue I need help with this
Okay thank you so much for helping me understand this process a little bit better
i am in need of a legal aid for this reason im about to explain
Yes, that's good. We will reconvene in a couple minutes and I will explain the next steps.
thank you sooooo much! I just wanted to give detail to explain how serious it was
We are going to reconvene now, and I will explain the next steps
Alright, well, I had a few questions for you today, and its alot to explain so bear with me!
i need to speak to someone and explain my situation
I have a lady on the phone who only uses phones and she would be able to best explain her situtation
So to be clarify I won’t be in trouble if I make my move correct?
Their was a single document served but I don't understand it
We will reconvene in a couple minutes and I will explain the next steps
can I chat or explain my situation via mail too?
I have some questions about a power of attorney. My situation is complicated so there will be a lot of explaining
I saw the chart but couldn’t understand it fully
Thanks for your help in clarifying my questions, its so hard to navigate the system.
It was a stranger and I wasn't here, so that doesn't make sense.
i don't understand that though, i thought it had to be where the mother was
yea no i totally understand that! Everyone is confused
I understand anything you can help with would be greatly appreciated it.
I am in a situation through the court right now that no one seems to understand
I tried explaining that we both have equal rights to him but she says that he is under her care
do i need to explain the situation or hav eproof?
I would like to understand if I would be able to fight this in court
This is really helpful. Thank you for explaining everything to me. I really appreciate it. Thank you!
Nothing to be sorry about. I need to fix the problem so I can resolve my legal situation in Brasil.
I have an issue with the complex in which I live and need some advice or assistance to address it
Great, we will reconvene in a couple minutes. I will explain the next steps.
sounds great,good luck to you! I will explain my situation to you...o.k.?
Please leave the chat open. I will explain the next steps when we reconvene.
Okay, great. Please leave the chat open. I will explain the next steps when we reconvene.
Ah, okay. Got it. Yes, that makes sense.
No problem! Please don't exit out of the chat yet. I will explain the next steps when we reconvene.
no problem, I would really like the opportunity to explain out loud before I get referred
Yes, I have read and affirm that I understand the statement.
Thank you..  Is there any explanation when your child goes in the service?
oh okay, so let me explain my situation..
i hate to be a pain but  i explained the situation and got no information on my legal rights?
You’ve been super helpful in helping me understand this
I just want to understand a couple things about my apartment rightd
Would like to speak / chat with a someone who I can clarify how this works.
I am in the state of sufferadtion and I need a person that can explainto me the law imiditly
I understand! That makes sense someone told me it was 30 days but I figured there wasn’t a set time.
Not yet. I will explain the next steps when everyone has completed the chat. You can leave it open for now.
Sure, happy to clarify anything else you need.
