OK what about the new landlord can he really raise the rent an extra 150.00? I thought it was only a certain percentage?
Yes my landlord has asked me to move out within 2 months, but I am still paying rent
My landlord says I owe back rent but has never provided receipts from my monthly payments
I don't want future landlords searching my name and using the filing against me to deny me a rental application.
Does my landlord have the right to require 3 months notice from me before I move?
thanks.  my quesion though is the landlord required to put the window gates on or is it my responsibiity?
Hello, I am a new renter and looking for legal help as i am having trouble with my landlord
I need some insight on the proper way to negotiate a rent reduction with landlord due to covid
No rent is due and I requested reasonable Accommodation
I do not want to have to pay the egregious fee associated with the break that my landlord suggested - hence me reaching out now.
my landlord keeps adding late fees to my rent and is messaging me all the time for rent is this legal right now
I recived a certified mail today from  my landlord, it was a 14 day  notice to pay back rent or vacate
I’m trying to find out if there is a law regarding what fees landlords can charge for apartments.
This is a 4 unit house 3 units have tenants and new landlord wants $ from all of us.
landlord  was collecting rent from another the granddaughter who took over the unit
Looking for Section 8 housing application information between tenant and landlord.  Cannot find it on the website
Hi, I have a question about my landlord increasing my rent
I’m not get paid from my landlord,he just gave me a free rent apartment
The goodfaith deposit was 50% of the monthly rent. So i would be responsible for 2.5x the monthly rent in total upon lease signing
my landlord keeps adding late fees to my rent is this legal right now
Yes, somewhat although I'm not sure if it applies to me as a renter rather than landlord
I'm looking to NEGOTIATE with my landlord. Not looking for funds to help me pay rent. As I know I am not eligible
No the landlord had me pay deposit and last month of rent
And when I speak to my landlord, would she be able to reject my offer for a temp month to month lease?
my Landlord told me that I will need to leave my apt if I can’t pay April rent
the landlord is asking for rent April. May and June
Landlord is raising my rent an illegal amount and won't offer a lease without the illegal raise in rent.
my landlord told me i will need to move soon because I haven't been able to pay rent.
An on ssi landlord is harassing me as electric is added to rent.
I'm moving out feb 15 I was told by section 8 I only had to give my land lord now half if feburary rent
I just got an eviction letter from my landlord for not paying rent for a few months
Thank you.  Can a landlord raise rent by 10% at once?
I received a notice today from landlord to end my month to month tenancy
My landlord is trying to sue me in civil court for rent
My landlord has informed me that they will be going forward with legal action for rears I owe , he mentioned getting assistance via housing court
I need to start a law sue against my landlord. I've had a broken window since june
I have a lease with my landlord in a mobile home community
I need to take my landlord to court for many reason, I receive public assistance that pays my rent monthly
I need help in information about the rights of tenants and landlords when it come to rodent infestation.
what do i do about my landlord?  I'm worried b/c rent was due yesterday
my landlord told me that I will need to leave my apt if i can't pay my april rent
my landlord told me I will need to move soon because I haven’t been able to pay rent
I need to know how much my landlord can up my rent
The papers state: "Your landlord in suing you for nonpayment of rent" and I have been given 10 days to respond to this notice/summons.
Having a housing covid related issue with my landlord wanting to sell and show the house
i have a question regarding housing.. can a land lord increase your rent every 2 months if your re not on a lease
can i sue the landlord for the negligence for not taking care of the vacant property. i lost money
I know about lift so much you can do as far as lift because courts are closed limited to dlong certain things
Never got a rent blissey, the landlord take cash and walk away
my son who used to live in Brooklyn is having issue with landlord for not paying rentf
Landlord is evicting me saying I owe him July Aug and now September rent
the landlord sent an e mail on June 1st asking  for our portion of the rent for may and June
Hello I believe my landlord is over c charging    me in rent
A law that states brokers fee should be paid for by landlords not tenants. This was passed in June 2019 but made explicit January 2020
Ok I'll try but I don't think I would need take further action because the landlord got the payment for all the rent
Good afternoon I need help paying my back rent received a 14 day notice never received notice from my application I filled out
what do i do about my landlord though?  I'm worried b/c rent was due yesterday
hi Annie, so I've been having issues with my landlord throughout the 2 years I've been renting
i can't pay back rent that my landlord wants
the landlord  at first was very cordial just asked for the section 8 portion of the rent for may and june
It is a 2-bedroom apartment and the building is owned by a private landlord.
No rent due as a matter of fact we paid 1000 august 30 2019 rent was 199 lease expired 2
Hi Ester.my question is concerning is it legal for a landlord to divert rent payment towards a a great situation?
March 12 and I was uber and lyft driver but I pay rent good till may 15 but landlord not helping me
i rented a room and gave the landlord one month of rent a deposit and last month
My main question is does repairing and deducting from rent apply to month to month tenants
can you give me more information about how and when it is appropriate to withhold rent?
I don't have a lease but my landlord wants me to pay for a year rent do I have to do that
Not sure if I need to take further action after all rent was paid  to the landlord  after the date on the notice of eviction
is my landlord have the right to increase my rent by $150 in one shot
Please I need the landlord packet asap moving in packet
landlord sued me because i can't pay rent
Specifically today the legality of some demands a landlord is making, but have previously had issues with maintenance requests being ignored
all i can find is landlord harassment about rent control
So I'm having issues with my landlord (3 yes now)and I want to make sure that I can peruse to rent withold
Can the landlord sue me for not paying a month rent?
ok, just so that we are clear.  I just need to know if an 18% increase in a renters lease is the norm or not
I would like to know can a landlord owning a private house charge you late fees for rent if late and has no written lease
I need to know my renter rights. I have a situation my landlord will not pay for
I received a letter from my landlord “fourteen day rent demand”
i heard that landlord should pay me up to for 6 months rent. is that true?
land lord tenent I was ;the landlord they damaged the house and they sued for security and last months rent
hi yes i would like more information about scenarios in which i can hold rent from my landlord.
My landlord charged 3 deposits last spring and will not respond to questions about returning 2 at the end of the yer lease
My landlord raised my rent started August 1st 2020. Is that legal? How do i go about this?
Can a landlord legally refuse to fix repairs due nonpayment of rent during covid?
What can I do about my landlord having my apartment building condemned and never gave any notice
I have been on the lease for the past 2 years and no rent is owed to the landlord or have any other issues
i can't pay the rent I owe my landlord, I can pay going forward though. Now  my landlord wants me out
i was told to reach the help center for unpaid rent for more than 6 months
Hi Deanna, I am a landlord and have a question about end of lease with the COVID19 situation
I was told that a landlord could not raise rent unless he or she has made repairs/improvements, can you tell me if this is true?
My new landlord wants to increase my rent 60%
she is a cotenant (she was processed by the co-op etc, and pays rent directly to the landlord)
Me and the landlord had a verbal agreement. Agreed on august 27th to send rent payment with extra $700 monthly til caught up
