he is trying to get custody but is unable to get the proper help. His legal aid isn't trying to help him.
I am trying to file custody in the Bronx family court house
Good morning, am trying to file for an emergency custody
Hi I'm trying to find out some info on residential custody
hello im trying to get custody of my baby the father has taken her from me with out consent and he wont give her back
CPS informed us that we ,his siblings, try to file for either temporary custody, or gaurdianship
Means a lot I’ve tried co parenting but she won’t allow me
I’m trying to file for joint custody forms
Im looking to try to get an adoption reversal
I’m trying to see how do I go about trying to file for full custody
I'm trying to seek sole custody of my 9 year old son
Hello hope your safe during this pandemic i am looking for a lawyer for my brother hes trying to get custody of his son
I have been trying to find the law for relocation if i have Full custody.
Ok so Im trying to file for sole custody
Well I’m trying to get custody back but two people share the custody of the child
I'm trying to file custody to take my son back
I just don’t know if I should try to sell the house first or figure out custody
im trying to file for custody of my son out of Warsaw family court in Wyoming county
I am trying to file for full custody of my child
i am trying to efile a custody petition and can’t find the document
Hi im trying to find advise for custody
I am trying to figure out what forms I need to file in order for custody of my children to be returned to me
I’m trying to get custody of my daughter but my name isn’t on her Birth Certificate
Hi im looking to try to get a adoption reversal
Hi, my name is Carine and I'm trying to get some help with filing for custody of my daughter
Im trying to get custody back under new circumstances
I need help filing for custody of my daughter as her mother is trying to move her out of state
I’m trying to find a free child custody attorney
Im trying to get custody of my great niece and I just want to know can I get a low cost lawyers
i am trying to find the pages to download free \custody
I’m trying to file for emergency full custody of my daughter
i'm trying to get a divorce and get custody of our son.. i currently have no money or a job
Hello I’m trying to find a legal aid to help me with a custody case but can also be with me in court
I am trying to find the form to file for custody.
I was just trying to see if there was a way I could check if there was a custody in place
Im trying to file for custody of my son
I am a grandmother trying to get temporary custody of my grandchildren
i have custody he has not tried to see child for over seven months
Hello ashlee,I trying to find out some information pertaining to sole custody
I am trying to get custody of my six year old son. He is currently in New Jersey. They say I must file there.
I am trying to find some legal help for a case in custody
i am trying to fill out custody modification paperwork
I'm trying to get back custody of my daughter.
Hello I'm trying to find a way to go to family court for custody
For the past 11 years I've been trying to see my son. The mother lost custody and the grandma has custody.
I am trying to file for full custody of my daughter how do I do this onli ne
Is this pettion for a parent trying to get custody of my kid in foster care
I’m trying to file for join custody
I am trying to find an affordable lawyer to get custody for my son
I'm trying  see if can file for custody  of my nieces
Hello. I am trying to file for custody of my son.  I do not know where to start
I am trying to find out where the custody Violation order is located on this site
Good Morning I'm trying to find out if I can file for full custody of my children
I AM TRYING TO FILE A JOINT CUSTODY POSITION
Iam trying. Toget custody of my Children
I am a single mom trying to take care of my daughter by myself
im trying to file a custody order for the first time but the courts are closed
yes I’m trying to get custody of my daughter
I am trying to find the forms for sole an legal custody ?
hello, I was trying to dowload papers for custody, I dont see it?
I am trying to figure out what forms I need to gain custody of my grandchildren from their maternal grandfather and CPS?
I trying to see can I get custody forms online
Father has custody has not try 2 get help 4 out child
I am just trying to find the Docs that i need to efile for custody.
court I’m trying to do a emergency modification for joint custody
I am trying to locate forms to file for custody and support
Because my ex husband is trying to get custody of my kids
I'm trying to get full custody of my daughter and trying to get a order of affiliation
Hello, I am trying to print custody modification form.
im trying to find the form to fill out to file for custody
I am trying to get full custody of my child
Trying to find custody papers to file
(my cousin ) but not Biologically trying to fight for custody for her
Trying to get help with failing for full custody
im trying to file custody for my kids
I just want to know how do I file for custody through edds I’m trying to do so on the website
Im trying to get a Custodymodification form but but your system dont allow me because there's a person that not the parent on the order.
I also am trying to file for custody but cannot without the OOA.
I’m trying to find the papers to file for emergency Custody
I am trying to file for shared custody of my son
I need a lawyer, so I can try to get my daughter custody
i am trying to get a copy of a custody order?
im just trying to find the custody modification form
My son is 13, and I tried to file for full custody on the nyc courts website
I am trying to find out how to file for custody in NYC
Trying to find out what are my succession right to a apartment
i am trying to understand how physical custody can be changed
Hi I’m trying to find out how to fill out a violation of custody paper online.
I am trying to get full custody of my daughter right now me nor her mom have legal custody of her.
Good afternoon I am trying to get information about getting full custody of my daughter right now I have joint custody
I’m trying to get custody of my daughter
i am trying to find the form to file for full custody of my child
I'm trying to file for Custody onlinev
I want to see my daughter more, unfortunately mom is not letting me...would like assistance in trying to get partial custody of her.
I am trying to get copies of my custody papers that have already been filed and set a couple years ago
