so she can’t just take him out of state without my permission? Or make other decisions without me agreeing with her?
Of course what information do you need thank you I don’t have my registration
no i no longer want to be a father and give mother full custody
Okay that’s what I want, his biological father have not been around in years
The ex has not been around. He has been back and forth between prison rehab and home but more prison then home.
I just dont want to share more info than i need to but I also dont want it to look like I am hiding something
My ex-fiance was not on the property but harassing thru the things I listed above non stop for 2 days straight
I need to know my rights as an employee. Work at private school. On leave becasue too dangerous for me to be on campus
Never mind the police allowed her to take them home
I can't even bring food to my room without her harassing us
I don’t think they do criminal stuff either
Yes I have no income no way to feed myself and what the situation no work now it's even more gruesome
My landlord sexually harassed me. And his wife also harassed me. I contacted Human Rights Commission NYC
my daughter lives with me now because I call social services because her mother was abusing her mentally and physically
I'm looking for more information on legal rights as far as job termination despite having a doctors note stating that you cannot work.
when I filed I stated that she no longer lives with me and is inbetween his and his moms house
amish people can no longer have their kids transported to their schools because they aren't vaccinated
I don’t have debt, but they are calling and harassing me because apparently someone listed me as a reference
both my wife and i are 64 and struggling to make ends meet on SSDI, SNAP, HEAP, and the STAR program
I informed them that I am on disability and cannot physically get to the grocery store
when you voulentarily put ur kid in a group home for behavior
I live in south ozone park queens
my son doesnt want to go back and she dont want him back , what should be my next step
I need to find which form that i have to submit to evict my cheating ex boyfriend
but he has never showed up and I havent heard from him since
So if the father Denys being the father the mother would have to pay?
Am presently at work in Bronx but live in Bklyn
they gave me no explanation at all, and they did not refer to any specific term in the agreement, no
Are all finances considered shared in NY even if spouse name is not on account ?  We don't have prenup
but since he was lying and cheating on me, I really don't want him to stay in my apartment
i live an hour away or I would just stop there
I already have sole but the other party wants joint
I’d like to know if catfishing is illegal in NYC
I didnt get a chance to go look at the sites you sent me yet because i didnt want to loose comnection wit you
YES i dont really get the website
Hi.  Ms Nunez has not yet logged in.  Should I do anything?
the kids do not want to return to her houshold and want to live with me
I’m being stalked and harassed at my place of work my kids school my home doctors office
from my country yes but he has not given me the US birth cert and ID
My son's mother won't give me his social security number
I do not know where he lives at the moment. He moved while we were going thru the separation. I have never seen him work.
I was turned away from my county's Legal Aid, since they are already apparently representing my landlord
what type of lawyer do i need  if i am th owner of the car   but someone else used it majority of the time
The DA charges were added to the grievance committee for some strange reason
The penal system does not have a way for me to INSIST  on communicating w/ docs...
I have to put up with his racism towards me, I can't take this anymore.
i would like to get some info on having a name removed from a house they are listed as a second owner
and moved others state for found a job
Yes I would like to stop the process i haven’t got a steady job since I got deport
They are claiming they are a private company....but all utility companies are private
She disappeared and her family couldn't get in touch
Even if the 19 year old isn't going to school anymore and choosing not to work.  He is a legal adult.
J'avais une dossier  a l'immigration plus de neuf moi?
the job is supposed to be completed by july 13th, but it's not possible, since he hasn't started
According to what I read he can live with me. The info  does not address background checks though.
I was in anursing home that closed they mee $95 and won't give it to me. I am in anothernursing home
Well. That's the issue we never had a set place
She then disappeared without telling anyone a thing
Right so I'm collecting but my supervisor called saying I'm refusing work I don't understand
We had a house fire and we are not getting any real help from the city
in case he misses date because he never got
The judge did not even give me temporary support
my mother in particular has been sabotaging my success in scholastic and financial areas with jobs and high school
I need free legal help with eviction who helps people regardless immigrant status
I saw that the courts sometimes have someone to help with advice but are they just giving law information?
it took me 2 hours to do it ive been everywhere this system is terrible for people who need help fast
how will I know when it’s open for all business since nowhere online is officially saying closed
I take her to school , where he will pick her up occasionally Mon-Thurs but the rest is on me.
I have not been placed in a single classroom. I am sharing a space with 4 other teachers and this concerns me
i however I document every incident and no she lives on the queens
Does named father have right to keep child,when he's not the biblical father
N seems like he is too busy or care  to look
my boyfriend has been in his life since he was one years old and his biological father hasn’t been around in like 8-9years
My housing manager is abusing NHUD housing
We don't know. We haven't seen it. She is verbally telling us this and the attorney she hired under my mom's name.
He works off the books and largely doesn't have proof of income. Is that sufficient to demonstrate that he is below the poverty line?
no when we went they weren’t covered by his medical they had Medicaid
But we have written agreements they reside with me however I found out he recently enrolled my oldest in school there without my permission
It’s not in court it’s in the school system
I need to know where to start so she cannot just come and take her.
Will they help in Onondaga Co.? It's not the Capital District.
Ok I can’t even get to them. How’d you do it.
and he said that if i dont pay him 400 dollars he will deport me
I live far from the city and can’t drive
The other parent constant interferes on my time and does not abide by the custody agreemtn
I was never married and the children’s father has been keeping them from me, illegally
because i have been getting mail from NYC housing court in my address
I am trying to help my friend that her hysband filed for divorse
I am looking for a Hate crime  Lawyer  me and my family are being harrased and victims of  hate crimes
Yes I did. The case was dropped bc he doesn’t work
Last year he started toughing our things out of a room, the police came and told him he had to stop
The court location didn't show my court
Can my case get thrown out if they not able to serve him ?
Thank you, I live in the bronx but I used to work in Manhattan in a hotel in Times Square
Doubt, my problem is what area? I don't know if it's criminal, housing
my son wants to go live with my mother but the school is asking for a guardianship from court and i donthave that
I want to get sole custody, then I can move to somewhere far from his mistress.
I want to ask for permission for my friend and draw up a rental agreemnt so he doesnt get kicked out
And what kind of housing help there is to help me move to get my children out of this environment
I need help the police don't help because im a man.
oh so the courts might be closed due to the virus, which means I cant download the form and send it in?
as well as getting money back that he used without my consent
I really hate their biological father he’s evil
yes I’m so sorry my keyboard is misspelling and stuff apologies
my child lives with me majority of the time and her father does not provide any financial assistance
I need help with my children the father refuse to give the back
I want to know if I sign a non compete with an employer that bars me from working in my industry
He no longer wish to be in SC and of course I want all of my children out of that toxic house.
i no longer live in state so can not visit the court house
? That is what I am asking. But sometimes the city folk think that they are separate from state unless you live in the city.
it was only when he jumped over a moving van and with police last help did the admit him
My dad is being isolated from his family and is being taken advantage of financially
She lives in a separate county in my and that's all ik of her location
I’d rather be single than dealing with the misery of a person who makes me the opposite of happy
Hi a quick question to change my child last name  so I need the father’s permission?
It's been reported but the county they live in don't do nothing
and has not shown any signs of being present in his sons life
yes i wanted to get emancipated because i don’t live with my parents
one live with me in Manhattan and the other one stay ine bronx
Hi, I'm on with Asia Hodges - is there a reason she doesn't have the blank forms for the documents she needs to complete?
Hi we were just speaking about my job and got disconnected
No I just got my social number i didn't have one
Their mother has basically abandoned them have not seen from or heard from her since Wednesday
sorry that doesn't include the aug 20 since it was written in march
my kids father came home from jail took my disabled daughter I don’t know where he lives he’s a criminal
In fact he was addicted to booze and drugs and I didn't know if he would even live.
what can I do cause I’m the one that works in the family cause my is sick and he doesn’t work
Well I have an investigator out of San Diego, CA and she's collected all the information already but I don't have legal representation
but it has some boxes that i need to check off and it doesnt let me
the landlord has his office right underneath my unit
no we are not married and no he didn’t that’s why I didn’t add his last name
Well I m my mother house but i dont feel safe becuase he know where my mon lived
I have opened the complaint in BBB but they also didn't respond to BBB either.
she did not like it, scolded them that she can do what she wants in her mother's house.
My kids are getting emotionally stressed  and sad because they don't want to upset the father
unauthorized sharing of an employee's medical records.
because that person being accussed could have had HIS RIGHTS VIOLATED and they never get a voice
I was homeless on account, l need legal help
My grandson has been living with me since Jan, shortly after his own hospital discharge.
serios driving off. that at the time i was not rep. and now thease tkts are keping me from driving
and than sent an imposter to NJ Inspira hospital
the father is claiming the join custody,but he and his family are devils
i filed against my husband and he was given a full order to stay away from myself and children we have
do I have to continue making her go to his house unsupervised?
Landlady wants Senior Citizen to move out by 11/30/2020 making Senior become homeless
In divorce family with kids, both father and mother live in Brooklyn. Joint legal custody with kids living with father.
My parents wouldn’t let me back in there house to get my dog back
i need to contact a lawyer because new home owner wants to evict us in two days and my family has no where to go
no my ex is keeping my dog I am on his certification but won't give me the dog it's a civil matter
I need help with the civil case I’m being sued
the bio parents are completely out of the pic. she hasnt ever met her dad, and hasnt seen the mom in 2 yrs
i can't pay it, and i'm worried I will be evicted
I don't want anything from him other than my car and the ability to see my dogs or take one of them
Yes I tried that but the grandparents have him so I hit other and it kicked me out because we’re not parents
She says she willing to release him but that I need to make the 1st step
The custodial parent feels since she lives with her she controls everything
The lady that works at the Managment office is never there to help
He still wanted us to be together. We are still. But he hold it over my head.
Do these agency represent coop shareholders I civil court. Because it was my understanding they did not
But the judge handling the case will not even give me a trial... only lawyer conferences
okay - the property management company is based in manhattan
I just spoke to the legal aid society they no longer take NYCHA Cases
and I got the report already but can’t now out from my home
I have a visitation order for my daughter and my ex is. Not following it she is keeping my daughter awY from me
I doubt it. I think she does not want NYC schools to know her son no longer lives in NYC.
I'm not sure if she just stores the cash with her because she's claiming disability also so she is lying to the system.
It says In Session below her name.  Does that mean she's not on yet?
Yes. I used to live at lower east side.
We have an ACS case. The worker has not been able to help get him to attend school.
father has never been in the 13 year old's life (not even at birth)
as my ex husband told me he tried to stop it but they won’t let him
ok. but I want to add that my mom is at the same facility
I don't know where you're located but it's not the same municipality
I've called every single organization and the system is broken.
Alexander lives with me exclusively so i mean physical is already me
Woodbrigde police turn me away, they didn’t help me😢😢😢😢
But  does it hat mean I am sending a case to the court without a lawyer
It has been a major invasion of my privacy, and also the plantiff
Also I never heard from my company since I filed.
some parts states about the military but I’m not in the military
i already contacted DHCR. They couldn’t help because my building hasn’t been registered since 1984🤦🏾‍♀️
she filed a report on me with acs saying i dont have babysitting and even the acs worker doent understand
oh ok well then that won't help
Highly unlikely, unless I have a sex change
I do not want him near me or the kids. He is very abusive and we do not share anything. No properties no bank nothing.
He also verbally and physically abused me throughout our marriage
They ruined all our locks and did not even leave a note why
my father in law lives with me but he has been harassing and threatening me
After this he started to harass me turning my kids against me to force me to leave my own house
She hasn’t had anything to do with him since then and now is controlling his medical care.
Yes,the hotline number on the website page of NYC Bankruptcy Assistance Project does not work.
The parents are not in the picture. One lives out of state and the other one is homeless.
she thinks the father was never legally established, but that seems odd given that the biological father has custody
I have a decision from the nys division of human rights of no just cause for my housing discrimination case
I cannot get any information from the courts at this time as they are not fully operational
i found my name is posted on the website with the state where i live and my husbands name
she abandoned him and i even went to welfare fraud and they found my claim to be true
She said on paper, I earn too much.  But my point is that it is because of his abuse that I cannot represent myself
Ok.i tried the legal  aid society  were I live.They said they could  not help me so they gave me your web  site.
I don't have a place to go, where would I live?
Ok great. We just lived in an apartment but didn’t own a house together or anything
I was getting harrassed by other people because he gave my number as well as my mother's out
yes, but neither party lives in DC, so there is no jurisdiction
But his wife has money. And he barely works because of that. It’s not because he can’t get a job
now, I want to come back to pick up my stuffs that are mines, but he still lives there and I’m afraid
like especially if the mother does not give a damn
Currently staying with my father in law due to being homeless
Well I live in Brooklyn, but he did the Papers in the Bronx
The court house is not opened is there a electronic way ?
Its chaos but people with good intension exist
So basically  he can continue  to control my entire life, force me not to be able  to go to work ect at his leasure
She works in Bronx Ny...unknown address she is homeless living in and out of several different locations in the Bronx and Manhattan
So they weren't going to have me on the books, then my social worker insisted, so they referred to me (get this) as a "subcontractor"
I didn't even think of the police. It's just so uncomfortable and scary to go into work everyday knowing they're listening.
I need to figure out how to do this ASAP because they took that girl back to her mother's house where her boyfriend still resides
the child also took my last name
Ok,  I will do that, however as per me getting legal guardianship for him can I still do that.
Because the courts are not open I need to do it on the NYS courts. Gov website. What you sent me was PDF form.
I do not live in that county, my parents do. I'm just trying to get information for them
for both his parents...that would be nice... at least they would be contributing toward his expenses
He wants to move, but since his mother denies him the money, he cannot move. the mother tells him she has no money.
So technically it’s housing but it’s also marital debt
I don't help for him just on what documents to file for eviction of family member who isn't paying
the bank dont let me access his account.
Yes, that correcto because right now he doesn’t want to help me so I don’t have other option
Unfortunately, she's unable to return to work because she has blood clots in her lungs and cannot work...she's a Home Attendant
the  kidds don't  tink is  rigth   so do  my self  is the  reason  im  on these  pages
which i used to live in before moving to a different unit in my building
I don't have any income but he does; does that mean he's going to get the custody of the kids?
Therefore I was told that New York does not have jurisdiction but just wanna verify if that’s true
You said we both have the same rights. Could I just move with her somewhere, at least temporarily before her mother tries to move?
My living situation now has changed I no longer have three jobs I have one job
Thank you for this information because her father intimidated her and does it daily
and i have not have montly benfit for 2 months despite my verification letter stating otherwise
But he has a lot of money. Has his company and doesn’t want to help.
If a couple mutually wants to legally separate, is it necessary to have 1 of them move out, or can they actually still live together?
I left the state because I was so fearful and I couldn't even go outside
she is not working or going to school. she is staying half the time with the grandmother half with the father.
I saw this too, but our business isn't "closed"  it's continuing downsized and remotely
he kept me away from having a social life. and going to school
For my oldest son. But that was almost 10 years ago and me and his mom worked it out outside of court
looks like your site doesn't have the template anymore
my son's father metal health isn't right
I lived in the Bronx but the papers was file in Queens
I have no income and he's like a fugitive in the streets
So it has to be filled using the same address even though am not allowed in the apartment
what can be the reason for the state to take my baby away
I can not get on the web site. Do u have their number?
my kids dad has not been socially distancing, and i don't feel comfortable sending the kids to him any more
he doesn’t buy or spend time with his kids
I live in  NYC area and the Rep. at Motor Vehicle Informed me that Dealer gave me the wrong Title of the Car.
\the company is counter suing my company as well as me personally
I am a sex worker my question if I can get any relief during quarantine as I currently cannot practice my craft
because blacks are following me everyday NYPD is not doing nothing
person is concerned that once government $'s are received and name and address is given that deportation will follow
and my brother has no income of his own since he can't get a job or SSI without ID
Ive been with him since the school's shut down and even before that
I don’t need legal assistance. But I do need help to get my disposition
I didn't get the attorney part and the housing court info
The probate court number is not answering and I sent a message and no response but I do have the address of the property
AND THE FALSE HOSPITAL INSPIRA MEDICAL RECORDS THAT I NEVER BEEN THERE
I don't think he wants to separate peacefully
I'm also 17 my mom is willing to sign for emancipation
I called the court and it said it was closed but on the website it says open for essential business, what does that mean?
I’ve carried this case myself, which defeats the purpose of their services
But it doesn't ring though it just says all line busy
the police can’t see if she alive with out writ
Also, the local health inspector says that they do not permit that area, so it is not in their jurisdiction.
I’m no working because the situation we are living with the virus
the nycourts. gov website has an error inthe numbering of their word document. the PDF matches the version on your site
i rented an airbnb in brooklyn, and the host didn't tell me the apt front door would be continuously unlocked
but i think that due to current situation they are closed for public
I have pictures from when I moved in and also a video of when I moved out
She has been using her position to do things that are unethical immoral and shows she has no integrity nor any professionalism.
My attorney never got a copy either
He doesn’t want to help financially. What are my daughters rights?
Everyone else is their little mind slave
I took his info and reported it to the rental place
I am a NYC teacher being forced to take unpaid leave because I refuse to go to work in an unsafe building.
im sorry i just chatted with u. i exited out the chat without writing down the info
but I want to know if it is true that she is retained because I don't know if she is retained
we dont even speak we have no communication what so ever
I want my money and I want out of the contract because clearly he isn't following  it
Thank you. And problem is he can't speak nor move half of his side
Im to get my son every other weekend and she is not following the order
Its against him, therefore his family doesn't count? Correct.
I’m voluntarily or because he has no other options available to him like no home to go home too.
Yes he will not go and the police can't make him
I don’t think the AD has online access to records. I don’t even have a docket number for the alleged appeal.
i was told that I need to send my appeal to the nys division of human rights,  the general council
the Worker has threatned to take me to court because I refused to provide my sons medical history
The number for the bar lawyer referral does not work
becuase he does not follow rules and goes into rages where he destorys itsms in the house
i don’t live in newyork so it makes it hard
I'm not an employee you see that's the point
It keeps saying that I waive my rights to everything. And most of them I dont understand
I didn’t find Brooklyn in the drop menu
it is not working. I dont need to complaint in their company, I meant some legal place
To dismiss a case, would those two numbers be the ones to try?
no no i'm asking for legal direction because i technically broke and entered into another unit's mailbox
the co worker said he was uncomfortable around me and sighted issues which were insignificant interactions which he embellished
They are causing me so much stress. I do have a disability but I did not disclose because of stigma.
She really didn't have an estate her wishes was verbal. I didn't even know about the pensions.
but the centre street court house is closed due to the pandemic
I am moving out of state which makes this harder on the 26thm ugg
Adopted mom locked me out illegally in a NYCHA owned building
even the manager could not believe the situation and the person i was working for
My ex and I used to have shared custody of our son. MY son just moved in with me full time two months ago.
My child father doesn’t give me nothing for the baby or even check on her
He had sex with a girl that said she was 17 and she undressed him and her and sat on him she was only 13
No worries but yes, that's the site that took me to your system
I was caught with marijuana on the subway in Manhattan, however I was on my way to the Bronx.
she claims we no longer live in low income housing which is news to me
they stole my identity I have no ids birth certificate nor social security card because I was kicked out a home where we all stead
It’s ok I just need to get help
I can’t get a myDMV because I have an out of state license
It seems my only option is to go to Centre Street though the document doesn't have a date! Thanks for your help.
hi, that whole section was for NYC, can I access it if I don't live in the city?
I don't know why he doesn't have a copy, but he doesn't.
she is arguing that i need to pay many things in the house
that site I would just be working with the people who already took my things
thank you, its very frustrating because I'm planning out my daughter's academic career and I cannot.
I only know the city.  He won't give me his address
We have been separated for 11 months. and he has not provided anything
On the papers I put my last name for the baby but I found out last night she didn’t put my last name
he open many credit card under my name and use them without knowing
my coop is locate above the boiler room which make a lot of noise i address to superintendent and management but they dont  do nothing
I received a pretermination letter from section 8 saying that I misrepresented my household composition.
will it be only from his income not household income? since he is now married
Legal Services of the Hudson Valley WILL NOT HELP ME
father has the passport and he does not want to give it back
can i get in trouble for not allowing him to see the kids until he get a court order ?
the infant’s mother is not letting  him see the baby
They said after all I went thru giving them my info even social they couldn't help me cuz I was not part of a local ??
But because I have a criminal record from the past they are making me out to be this horrible person
I have a family residing in shelter with no legal assistance.
I'm no scumbag I live my child I just can't believe how she can ignore stipulations from the court
this us a ‘in the bubble or not’ community
NYLAG can't help her because of a conflict of interest (guess her husband got to them first)
i cant go through criminal because the police wont help me
I don’t want him seeing the children ever.
Due to his distrust of doctors my son refuses all medical help
i`m a resident of brooklun, income is under poverty level for 2
my kid lives in Floridia and no court order
garnishment of his Social Security need it to STOP
now they want to pass the bus and blame me for everything and even deceived me to leave the country without finishing my program
the landlord is also the head of a nonprofit organization that runs the house
Legal aid said they don't do this kind of case I actually need to get my own council so and I have no income
It was in the city in Brooklyn it's wasn't legal aid they ended up referring me to them
Yes but there’s many and none of them say is to stop the garnish
i do not want him to go to jail.  I need him to leave my home.
No its not a criminal charge its educational neglect I guess they consider that neglect witch I had no knowledge it was even there
because from nj every disability lawyer did not take my case
