No it has nothing to do with safety.  He’s trying to move my children to Virginia against their will
Hello I’m trying to figure out how to file for custody of my child now that courts are closed to in person assistance.
Like yesterday I tried to close his cell phone account and the told me to pay off in order to do that
I need to fill out a DIY form because I’m trying to take out my baby daddy from Childsupport
Preparing, I'm trying not to even have to go to court.
Hello my daughter has a repayment notice for ssi and trying to figure out if she can get a waiver
Hello... I'm just trying to find out if the family court is open today bray becausei need to file for visitination
No one wants to pay this they are trying to make a profit since people want to leave
I'm trying to stop them from throwing arrears on me
I'm trying to figure out how the smoking ban in residents is actually enforced. I've made 311 calls for years.
and the zoning official is trying to have me force my father off the property
I feal me and my wife RIGHTS have been violated I’m tryna get professional help
I am trying to find out if my driveway is legal.  Property was purchased back 1984
I am trying to file for a hearing to reduce my payments
I'm trying to sue the parties myself in civil court
Hello. My father died in FL. I'm trying to figure out if he has a will in NY and who I need to talk to.
(trying to figure out how you got that referral Nick!)
im just trying to figure out what kind of form to fill out to put the visitation on hold
Hi I’m trying to change my address on paperwork I already did on this site
Hi  I'm trying to change the deed form my mom to me and would like to have a lawyer go over the paper work
hi I'm trying to find the conversation I had earlier today
I'm trying to find out how I go about filling a case with NYCHA for charging me rent earlier than they were supposed to
Good morning trying to print down forms to stop child support as my son turned 21 today.
I flew to Nebraska & tried to get her but cops were irrational & my daughter so not mentall well.  :(
I SPENT ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS TRYING TO GET IT SINCE 2014
I'm trying to file for legal custody & child support for my daughter who lives with me
I am just trying to find out what the laws are regarding moving out of state with my son and there is no custody agreement.
i didn't change it during my citizenship and now I am trying to correct that
My wife committed adultery more then once I’m trying to figure out who to call or what to do
New owners bought this house 4 months ago and now there trying to make me move out in 90 days what should I do
I am trying to get my license back due to past unpaid tickets from years ago.  No moving violations or DWI.
hi I'm trying to get a free lawyer for  family court to help petition for solo custody and child support
She is now trying to get NJ public asst. he does not want to be billed for it later by NJ
i am trying to figure out how that can be used against me when the whole country received an extra 600
Hello I’m tryin to help my mom with her housing
I've been trying to find help since i had to release my lawyer and now I have court on the 29th with no representation again
according to the rental company so I’m trying sue him
I'm trying to change the order because the child lives with me since February
I need help trying to get out my lease
he trying to get someone else to take over payments
Hi, I'm trying to locate the forms needed to file for a parenting agreement
i've been trying to call kings county housing court non stop and i can't reach them
Gm. I'm trying to find out how I can have a court order from 2016 revised
My niece is under severe neglect with my brother and I am trying to looking into options for her
Ok, great to know I'm not breaking the law by taking my daughter on vacation.
I’m trying to take my daughter with me to Florida because I’m not able to afford staying in New York
My daughter is 2 months I live in Brooklyn and my baby mother trying to take my daughter away from me
has only been verbal , has I said the apartment is illegal and they not trying to make it a legal matter to avoid fines
I’m trying to receive my disposition for my employer
So I'm basically trying to see if I can get it waived or at least adjusted because it's affecting my life big time
I need help; I'm trying to locate and complete a "Notice of Termination" - Roommate Holdover Petition.
I’m trying to get seal disposition certificat for my naturalized application
hi I am trying to figure out my next steps in my divorce.
I'm looking for a lawyer that can represent a homeowner in a forced partition of sale
I was trying to get information on filing a notice of claim against a school district for vacation payout upon separation from the district.
I am trying to figure out how to file for a legal separation
My 8 year old daughter wants to live with me and not her dad. I've tried filing papers, the court wouldn't let me.
i guess i’m trying to figure out how exactly we can cross our T’s and dot our I’s here
I'm moving out of state and I'm needing to figure out how I can get my son for the summers.
I think he's trying to get me to leave so his niece can take over the apt
im trying to figure out how to file for college tuition help from my ex husband for my daughter’s tuition
The criminal case has been adjourned in anticipation of dismissal. I am trying to clear my name in the central register.
I have my rent history and i'm trying to figure out of i'm legally paying too much
Now that I'm sober and have my life together, but he isn't she's trying to keep my daughter from mw.
i am trying to get in contact with a lawyer regarding possible overpayment with my UI account.
hello, my name is kira and I am trying to resolve a land sale
im trying to figure out how I can stop my child support for a child I’ve had custody of for 3 years
I'm trying to take back guardianship for my father from New York City Foundation of guardianship
I really love my grandson all im tryin to do is be apart of his life
Hi Jade, I'm trying to figure out if Queens small claims court is currently accepting new claims
Hello I'm just trying to see if this website can help me with subsidized housing
I am trying to find a lawyer for a property damage case used by a utility company. I don't see such a category listed.
I’m trying to Get my license suspension lifted
I’m trying to file a writ for my daughter her grandma refusing to give her back
I'm filing for writ my daughter her grandma not trying to give her back
I am trying to become a second parent to my girlfriends children
Of course it’s a bit uncomfortable because of my stepdaughter and some of his family who are trying to get under my skin
I’m trying to figure out how to get an emancipation form.
i am trying to straighten  out my name and get a passport
Im trying to get the 401k released to me not the children from a previous marriage ( adult children
I’m trying to figure out why do I owe child support for 2020 if I have full custody
Hello I'm trying to find out how to stop payment for child support since my daughter is currently living back home with me
hi I’m trying to figure out how to take my son father off child support we got married 08-29-20
I'm trying to find a bankruptcy attorney to file for chapter 7
ive been trying to get her back since sunday
I’m trying to file Modification papers for my son to come live with me
Hello. I'm trying to figure out how to stop the child support since my kid is going to tune 21 next week.
No am trying to find out if I can get it terminated because get my girls what they need and living with them
I am trying to find out if I still have to appear for my court date on friday 04/24
I am trying to file for modification of my court order from joint physical to total custody because the child lives with me
My sons mother is trying to move to Florida with him in the next week or so
I live in bx ny am currently paying child support try to file for visitation rights
Yes so im actually trying to look up order of cause for my siuation
