If I tell you the scenario can you assist me with the proper form
Are you able to assist with info on child support aswell?
I was wondering how my dad can get a lawyer to assist him in his court custody case.
if I need more time to serve the non custodian parent how do I get it
I understand.  Would these place also be able to assist w false allegations that are listed in the served petition of custody
Will I get a court date and then I have a process server serve the other parent ?
Good afternoon I was wondering if you could assist me find a number I can call about a court date that I have.
is there a way you can assist a mom in need of filling out and submitting a PINS  to the Queens Family Court?
that's what I would hope family court would be able to assist
I was told by Manhattan court that you can assist me in this matter
also, is there something in the attorney general's office that deals with this, where i could get info?
All of these pertain to tenant and landlord. What I need is some one to assist me with a misrepresentation by a broker
Hello Good morning. I just have one quick question. Would a Lift location be the proper place to assist with the DIY uncontested divorce documentation
Hello. I just was wondering if you would know of any legal aids on Staten Island  that could assist me with an appeal
NJ Court order instructs me that I must include a document whereas NY Court relinquish or decline jurisdiction over the child
I am seeking information to assist a client of mine
Hello, I am looking for an attorney to assist in an unemployment appeals hearing
I need a civil lawyer who can assist me in supreme court with credit card fraud done
Are you able to recomend an agency to assist me with the proocrss
it feels like there is always a dead end and no one really available to assist.
OK, I'm going to need to find out if she has access to a computer or a relative that can assist with checking those sites.
I called Fordham and they don't have a clinic that can assist me so they gave me this website
So, I am out of state living in Florida now. Will they still be able to assist
I am trying to assist the family with housing, and other public benefits i.e. food and clothing.
Can you assist me in finding out if i have a pending court case?
will they be able to better assist me with mediation and child support cases and such or can i find those forms online?
I would like some assistance in finding a lawyer to assist me with a subtenant holdover case in NYC.
i am trying to find the application for spousal support can you assist me with finding the information
Great, I used to be a legal assistant in NY and have been on the site but cannot locate anything.
Are there any free services, or pro bono attorneys that could assist me?
I am a social worker, attemting to assist a client.
Okay thank you this is very helpful. Hopefully they'll be able to assist
Hi there I was hoping if you could assist me in how could I get help filling out forms
do you think the US that issues federal docs will be able to assist me if I just give them baby's names and birth cert ?
thanks fir the chart No one could assist me in this
I need assistence on if my case is something I should take to small claims court and if there is anyone that can help
or any resources that can assist in consulting or representing succession rights
Thought it would help better in assisting me
searching for an attorney to assist in a dental lawsuit
How much will the attorney charged and can they assist with "infringement"?
I am unable to afford an attorney anymore to assist me in my pending custody battle for my children
Looking for agencies that assist with guardianship. Also, what is status of family court in the Bronx. Are cases going forward
Is there service available to assist in filling out paperwork  fora child support modification and spousal maintenance
I need a lawyer who can assist me with filing a divorce
Thank You so much, I appreciate the info and will work on getting an attorney to assist. Thanks again and have a great day
Yes they actually said to come here.. Would you know any reasoning these places I’ve been in contact with can’t assist
Unfortunately I've already called those and they all told me they were full and could not assist me
You have to know someone in the system who could assist
Do you know if a new custody agreement is worked out - is the school district required to assist both parents during their "weeks" of custody?
I’m trying to find out if legal aid assists with traffic tickets
If I needed help filling this out, is that something you could assist with?
I be living separately from my husband from last November we have two kids together he not assisted me in anyway
I’m trying to find out if an attorney is in fact a real attorney & admitted to the bar. Can you assist?
I am unlicensed personnel who can take over some of her duties by assisting to not nurse depandent /independent/students.
I am seeking a low cost attorney to assist me in setting up a non profit organization
ok got it. I'm actually assisting a friend. Fortunately he doesn't have children.
Hello, I'm looking for a Pro Bono lawyer to assist an i inmate at Greene Correctional Facility apply for medical clemency
attorneys cant seem to find an attorney to assist in nyc without charging $800 an hour
I need to.find a free lawyer to assist me in family.court
I would like to file a divorce in queens. I would like to connect with a lawyer who can assist me with the process
ok I hope they can assist mom.  She does not speak English.
Any information would be helpful. Or if you could refer me to an attorney that handles this would be great as well.
Hello need a free lawyer to assist in filing divorce papers
thanks, im at work assisting a client one moment
Is there any legal organization that you think could assist him with next steps?
I wanted to know free attorneys willing to assist in a family matter
She will also provide with assist in taking him to school and other activities
Looking for an attorney to assist with an illegal eviction where the removal of personal and business property was allow.
Hello, I am looking for someone who can assist me, and give me leagal guidance  in a child custody hearing
is there assistance for a CPS fair trial hearing? I need an attorney to assist me
I live in the Bronx. Would there be an attorney that could assist?
I need a lawyer to assist me with and issue with NYPD that result in me having another shoulder surgery
How can I get in touch with someone who can assist in getting me the proper paperwork because this is serious.
i am looking for an attorney to assist me with a court case where i received money
i called there today that number isn't assisting anyone
My client requires the assistance of a pro bono lawyer who can assist her child in a SIJS case
Hello Celine, thank you for assisting me today.
my brother is homeless in glensfalls ny and I need to assist him in his legal affairs
i need help filing a complaint in Syracuse and I'm not having any luck getting an attorney to assist me.
Hi there, Law Ny is assisting me with my divorce and because everything has been closed theres been no progress on it
I am looking for some pro bono help to assist with an elder abuse situation
Hello.   I am a Peer Advocate assisting a fellow peer with a Section 8 housing situation.
are you able to assist with people that are having housing challenges with landlord? Example mold in carpets?
I am seeking a pro bono attorney to assist me in becoming the administrator of my deceased mothers estate
to assist her with her family law matter ie divorce
I would like to start the process of a divorce and I’m need of an attorney to help assist me
I’m looking for a lawyer to assist me with amending a justice center finding
hello I just want know can give me assisten  in spanish
I was already on the divorce website they provided me with your link as a source to assist
Are there any NYC based organizations which can assist a landlord with this issue? (pro bono or low bono/sliding scale) preferably in Queens?
HRA directed me to some non profit organizations I called a few but they are not willing to assist me with this issue
Venmo said tongue cannot assist me any further and they floor rid of me by
