So if she just told my husband she was moving and didn’t notify the court, she violated a court order?
It is a Summons and Complaint for a consumer credit transaction
do I need to go to court  to notify what is happening to me anyway?
I need to find someone who can help me with what I or my daughter needs to do.
got it. I will call them to see if I can get some help. thank you
so I think I have to call them and make a complaint  and I need free legal services
I don’t want to call them but I have to call a cab to tenet have a torch and a bathroom late night
do you think they would talk with me if the the docket in queens
Hi is there a number my mom can call for assistance?
That's ok I can call someone thank you though
I've been served a summons by Midland Credit Management for credit card debt.
I was looking to petition the court for a devorce agreement I was just wondering how to contact them
But I don't know what form I need to petition the court
I DONT KNOW IF THE PA INS COVER ANY OR NOT AND I DONT KNOW WHAT THEY ARE SUMMONING HIM FOR
i have alot of questions about my case it might be better if some one called me about this issue im having with renesslear county
Do i need to call the court to start the process?
Can I contact a lawyer from this website for advice on a specific situation dealing with debt collection. Would I have to go in personally?
i contacted nyc courts they obviously dont want to say
Nypd got in contact with TSA that night....she went to California with my daughter and didn't tell anyone
Hello. I am looking for help. I have an 18 ur old son and his father has called the police t j is morning
No I’m going to call to see if what he did was legal
Yes I got a court date I want o check on
i am being sued by a debt collector and I go to court soon what can I expect when I go
How can I contact the prosecutors in Harvey Weinstein’s trial to check if the information I have can be of assistance to them?
it involves them finding out whosoppied my niece with illegal substance they took her purse and phone without asking or informing family
He wants me to call the governors office if you have a number for there too please
I want to know how to address the court on my affidavit.
okay but how do i start a case. I have to call the court?
i need someone to consult with that had some knowledge of this and i like to hold the facility accountable
Hello, I have a question regarding a client I'm working with
If I were to call 911 will they prevent my friend from coming into my apartment as well given the quarantine status?
thank you so much for your help, i will find someone to call from your list
cops have been called when things got out of hand
Should I report to the police if she continue to harass us
but my son doesn’t want to go over there I offered he come visit him at my house
She called me yesterday telling me I'll never see my son again .
Need a number to call in new York area
the driver then called me the night of a threatened me also asked me where I was after saying he too filed a complaint
I apologize, I don't know her case but she sounds in need
Is there a number or person I can call regarding filing a complaint
Many times she has called 311 to put in a complain and many times has called the office
should I call the local police to locate my daughter?
i didn’t receive a letter telling me. That judge made a decision and went with the agency
I just called the phone number on the letter and the person I spoke with said to go to the courthouse to vacate the warrant
you said call Housing ct hotline or visit their tables at court
I called a local office and they directed me here to ask about finding the right office, or person, for legal aid.
ny city bar so far was helpful second time i called
1 more question the people u gave me can they help with a law suit
So allison I called the legal aid society does not help with bankruptcy
I just have the number to,the court that I meed to call
I don't know which city court I should call
an i wanted to no if i able to sue him for emotional distress
I also wanted to know would I be able to visit a local court here in North Carolina
I am assuming the Bar Assosiation doesn’t have a number I can call
I have a question about my aunt. She is hearing impaired.  She has Medicaid and ssi.
I would like to speak to customer service at scrie
i was call the police they don’t give me the my son
I just don't know where to call specifically to find out if I have any parental rights still
Central islip they said call thal number so they can call for court on phone
I called 311 and local office for many times
She does not use the computer.  Is there any way she can call someone at LawHelp?  I would be so appreciative if so.
Good morning I need help with a court case against me from a debit collector
They told me I need a letter from a district attorney and I have the letter to release my car
Do u have to refile if you missed the court date or can we call to reschedule
that l can see my daughter in til courts call me
ok I will give the prison a call thank you
will this also have fee information? or would I have to call the court to find this out?
i have  a couple questions on how to go about getting rights to seeing my son
I feel his life is in danger and I don't know who to call to check on him.
who do i ask to speak to in order to make a complaint
I called 311 a number of times and filed a complaint but no one helps
The court referred me to your office to look into assistance.
I got a document to be hereby summoned to appear the court
1. coming into your room without notice and talking to you while you're on the phone with a client
I told him to call 911 I put something from your job keep it open
I have been subpoena in the bronx and i have to respond within 30 days what do i need to bring to court
Should i call police or should i go to Georgia to get my daughter
I didnt think to call the police but I certainly will now. Thank you
No, and thanks very much. I'll  call this agency.  Thanks again
i have consulted with that office on numerous occasions in syracuse
Ok sounds great. Thank you right now she cannot call so I could chat  with the agent.
I am wondering if I can ask for additional time in order to get counsel to help me with the settlement conference.
Ok and I call the court where the agreement was filed
My brother was given this address yesterday from legal aide for a problem he is having with his manager of his apartment building
the NYC department of Health dealing with vital records, says I need to go to NYC supreme court for this
The court told me to call the law firm representing the creditor
Yes I have a hearing and I need to get a representative to help me with my case
Is there any additional information I can look into dealing with consumer credit
i would like to talk with someone about employee rights in nyc
I just wanted to know if is valid to call them would the pick up the case.
Would I be able to chat for advice or would I have to call the number for help in NYC?
I need help what to do to bring this issues back to the court
