It's because the language says that I acknowledge the apartment is not rent stabilized. I think it is rent stabilized
They got me down as an occupate and they didnt put me on the lease
one of the sons is saying that we can't move out because we can't break the lease until the house comes under a new landlord.
i need some help reviewing my lease concerning some issues im having with the landlord/management
Intent was to move into apartment in April and a lease was signed but no physical paperwork given.
My daughter lives with me she in my lease one point I lived with her being homeless
it clearly states that, even if the lease says otherwise, I can sublet
I forgot to mention my name is still on the lease
The managed or rep at the landlords office said when this was over I’ll never be able to rent an apartment again.
he needs to leave my home.  It’s my apt.  He is not on the lease.
i do not plan on going to court, i just want info about possibly breaking my lease or withholding rent
the main problem is th at they sublet rooms out against their lease
landlord also make a illegal space to rent where im living its a garage make that place for rent
I NEED HELP MY FORMER LANDLORD IS SUING ME FROM WHERE I WAS RENTING I BROKE MY LEASE THEY STOOD WITH MY DEPOSIT
do people who live without a lease have rights
I had a roommate who is on the lease leave without warning, leaving me without a way tonoay half the rent.
One other question, if he accepts rent after the 14 day notice to evict, what happens then?
Hello, I am currently experiencing issues with my landlord who is threatening eviction but refuses to furnish our most recent lease and payment history.
If there was clauses put into it like the children had life rights to the property we all own
I was wondering what my rights are, if any, to break the current lease which is not affordable housing.
He said my place and the other 2 places on the property are going to be condemned
There was no lease, she signed a rental agreement Receipt from the realtor which clearly states this is not a lease
and now they want to kick me out or sign a new lease but my apartment was rent stabilied
its not for lack of rent, they have taken in a Rottweiler, smoke pot all day, and have broken the lease which expires June 3
Is there a law that I can vacate an apartment if a neighbor attacks me before my lease is up?
Yes.  Would I have any rights even though I am not legally on the lease, but lived there and all my documents shows the address!
Hi, we're having some housing dispute with our landlord/ building manager
She is not on the lease, don't pay rent or anything. How can I get her out?
Because my lease and the fees were completely through the broker. I am unsure if I am to bring lawsuit against the broker or landlord.
She's very bad landlord doesn't care for her tenants don't repair anything just collect rent
Situation is my lease began on the 1st and my landlord hasn’t given me the key to my apartment.
Rights at this point.my name is not on the order.Do I have tenants rights??
he has not given us any eveiction papers. and says we have no lease. and hasnt cashed any of the rent checks since april
I called him and we spoke about it saying that he would talk to the landlord to get in some agreement about the rent money.
We really do not have a contract because he never agreed to the tenants terms, but she has been here for almost two yeas
i just have the persons first name and phone number and business name. i know he holds the lease but nothing more
I need legal advice regarding a new lease that my landlord is forcing me to sign
There was lawyers at court, said they did everything. Landlord not asking for rent is a way around governor orders
He promised a years lease now says no he wants to sell the house and I have to move.
Also the lease was never finalized because work was supposed to be done in the house and he hasn’t completed everything
I cannot live with her, however, there are no evictions. And my lease ends January 2021
I live with my girlfriend, she is violent and I want her out of my apartment.  The lease is in my name.
If I sign the lease can they give it to somebody else the apartment
the landlord is telling me she will be keeping the last month of rent I have proof I paid all of my rent
I am 82 and having seizures and cannot drive and want to get out of a car lease how can I do that
We only have 6 days before we move in but the lease still not signed by the owner or landlord.
1. if i am not on the lease, but living in the apt more than 30 days, should I have legal rights to live
And my daughters lease is up in August to but she’s 23
There was a fire in the apt i lived in rented withought a lease no were to go
I paid for the property from the date I closed or signed the lease and it was Prorated from there
Hi Meghan. My roommate and I are having issues with our management regarding rent and our lease. Who should we contact ? thank you
if she was to give us a letter in writing saying she was ending our tenancy, do we have 60 or 90 days?
There’s no lease my landlord and I are really cool almost like family so everything has been verbal since day 1.
my lease is unfortunately in my desk, that I am presently lock out of
New york city. Rent stabilized apt. Subletting with landlord's permission. Sublet is fully furnished.
There are no houses for rent by me right now and I dont know what the next step is. Is this an eviction?
yes, it is because I have to move due to work, and I need to be there during the last month of my current lease
Well it's not an eviction but rather my lease ends and he is making us move is that the same thing
I signed a lease on a bedroom that has no radiator or windows
rental agreement - lease is in person #1, Person #2 is listed as an occupant.
Please direct me to a tenants rights attorney who can provide free legal advice regarding rent stabilized apartments and overcharge complaints
it pertains to breach of lease and damages to a apartment which i didn't reside at the time
Well, the two things you DO have resources about are the issues about the lease, so here goes...
If my roommate is not on the lease and is not paying rent what’s the best way to evict her?
hello ! I just have a question about the current lease situation I am in.
me too.ther was no rent or lease,.all they had to do was pay the electric, which is about to be shut off
My lease came to end yesterday and I’m still in the process of locating an apartment
hi, if someones apartment has serious damages to it, and the landlord won't repair them, can you withhold rent?
What will happen if the date of our move in comes and they still didn’t sign the lease?
I did not or have not faced eviction. I signed a lease, moved in then moved out 10 days later
I dont think lease...its my sister and she has not paid anything
What happens when someone doesn’t leave anyone on the lease after die
that person’s name is also on the lease(the one who moved from Canada)
Yes that’s right and I am not under a lease with my landlord.
We're among the last two rent-stabilized tenant and the new landlord is renovating the whole building
I have no receipt for the money I paid and no copy of the lease yet because the owner didn’t sign yet.
I have a lease from 2012 with my step moms name on it, but they keep telling me there is no lease
We had signed a lease for an apartment before the new laws were in effect.
My roommate does not pay rent her name is not on the lease does she have any legal rights? How soon can I evict her?
I was prepared to pay the rent but he didnt show up to sign the lease and wont return my calls
BUt not sure what the law is if the Screi tenants do not file this form
I made lease 3 months ago to make more official   but ignores it
I did not sign a lease but a piece of paper stating I would make all repairs
I want to breake my lease becouse I find homeless taking shower to my bathroom
I live in an apartment complex and have a year lease
I was looking for a complaint template for money due under a lease in the amount of $33,000.
Although he is not the owner of the property and had been sending in rent under the auspices of his ex-girlfriend.
I just didn't think there was a way out of the lease peiod
I’m trying to find out my rights regarding my lease with my landlord and the current eviction laws.
He had me sign a lease and we never lived together
My name is on the lease, I signed the papers to get rid of the apartment.
