I called legal aide society this morning and that said they can't help me.
My mom told the ACS worker that she had to contact Ohio CPS she lied and said she spoke to mom and kids are okay
The original order says I have visitation. But thay was not filed. I was told to contact the law guardian and she would file it
I called the police and I was told to go to court. My kids father refuses to leave my residence
i submitted to family court but when i called they said they wont review this petotion because it was settled in supreme
I have court today at family court in Brooklyn and forgot what time my child support hearing is
And then on july 15th her family reached out to me and said that they haven't heard from her
without telling me, i spoke to someone at the courts they said file a custody petition  my i dont know what form to use
Central islip family court and I’ve been calling since 8:30 am as the person I spoke to yesterday told me  to.
I called the child support helpline and was told I can file a modification online because I am currently not working
I called on another occassion and was told that I have to file a petition with family court.
I called the family court in Manhattan and was directed to lift
I did a enforcement through chuld s u port enforcement agency.However, they said i must go to family court
Okay so do I have to call family court that’s in Brooklyn ny record management office? And would they send me it
The collection agency called me continuously telling me I needed to pay the bill or it would go to court.
Due to the virus I can not physically go to the court house to file for custody and was told I can do it online.
I completed one in Florida and was denied.  I was told to go to family court.
I have tried to reach the Family Court in Suffolk.  Machine says it is open, but does not give any instructions on what to do
I called the court house for my county and they told me I could file it online since the courts are technically closed
but where are all the forms.  I did speak to someone at the family court and they said I can efile on this ste
I called a law firm and they referred me to the ny unified court system but the number they gave me is wrong
I Called the family court first and they directed me to another number, and the number directed me to this site.
I have been calling grey hound , they found my luggage in dallas at there warehouse.
I called the police today and when they came to the apt said it was not their job to deal with him.
So I had called supreme court in Schenectady an they gave me this website to try an get help..
I tried to address it in family court to no avail - called the courthouse and was told it was criminal
i even called kings country family court and they told me it’s there but i have search and don’t see it
I spoke to our legal aid office and was told they could NOT help[ me
I called the law office in Geneva and they told me they can't accept me as aclient because I am not over 60 years old
If the birth mom went to Orphans  Court in Pa recently and has not told the social worker she
Are the judges working on family divorce cases? I have called the court and I was told the court was closed
They have called code enforcement and they all said that they were at fault for having loose dogs
New York has not helped her in any way, she was even told that no one spoke Spanish at the main office in Manhattan.
I called the court. I was told to file a petition.
I was calling the family court in goshen ny
I called 315-703-6500 and was told to go to www.legalhelp.org and get started but I didn't see where to do it
I called the Geneva office already and they told me to chat here to get that answer for cpurt today
I tried calling the family court where the order was made but she said she couldn't mail it to me.
I have a case open in Albany New York they told me I can do it online I cannot find it
i called the courts and found that i have a date Dec 4
I called the family court system here in Orange County and they said that there has been no directives from the state on this issue.
i called family court near me and they said i would have to go to a another court
Yes I was having that same problem, I called the courts and the guy I spoke told me it will be on the website
I even called the local police department and they told me to call the court
I called thee court this morning and they told me they are currently hearing cases from March
I was told to file the surrogate court forms and told it was online but the pdf file isn't online
I went to the family courthouse in Queens and workers there told me I could
I also called the city bar they said they don't have lawyers to help me
so i called family court in Erie Co and she told me to file the form online, but didn't say what form to file :)
I called they directed me to go omline but i am not seeing it there
the person i spoke to said litigation had not been filed YET but the person she first spoke
I contacted a agency that was part of this and gave them alot of my info 😞like all was I not supposed to do that
I spoke to someone from the court who told me file for custody online
I wen to criminal court and the officer there told me I can’t get it without an arrest.
One Appealed at First Department, and other at Federal Court, Southern District, N.Y.
when I called the cops they said to file that he never returned after a visit
I went to family court and they told me that they have nothing to do with the release of my car
Can she call the administrator or family court and explain what is going on
I called family court they told me to file online. Where do I do that?
I called the family court number but the link provided doesnt work
i call family court and they told me i could do it online
I filed a petition in family court last month I have not heard anything about it
the police released my son to me and told me to go to family court
i just call family court and said go to web site, that i still want to go to family
Also she spoke to her employer which said do what you need to do for your family at that time.
i went to the court and they gave me this website to bring a form of Notice of termination but  I can't find it
I was told to call assigned council for an attorney for family court in buffalo ny.
i have a hearing for Bronx family court tomorrow and I’m trying to see if the courts are still operational
when I put other it says that the person filing against must be a parent and then tells me to contact the court
they didn't and i called the clerks office and actually went down there and they said they couldn't help me
Filing for custody of child in custody of child protective services. Was told we need attorney paperwork
I already called the court I told them I wasn't going make it
However I called to c the status and was told I needed to file it with family court
hi i called the family court in owego but no one answered how do i file for emergency violation papers online
I called they are not seeing anyone in court due to COVID but she said I can file petitions online.
The RTF said they reported to justice center but justice center has nothin on file
i file with the supreme court and they informed me that i have to file with family court
Hello I am looking for initial Custody and Support forms to file in NYS  I was told to go to this web site
i spoke to bx family court they said call you
The last time I called was end of December and was told the court was closed for hearings.
I got a call from ACS yesterday about my daughters mother and I was told by them to file a petition
I called this office on Main Street in Hempstead & she was rude !
I was told by family court I could get a modification for support here because I list mt job. Where do I find it
I just talk to the police station in Chicago and they said...I should take legal action from NY now...
I went to family court i was told I have to Doha private adoption
But then I called a hotline that suggested I go to family court and get an immediate order.
