How much will it cost to talk to a legal services organization?
Not for now.  I just want some guidance on what to do.  It's probably better if I can talk it out anyway.  Thanks!!
Not at this time, thank you. Hopefully we can just talk everything out. But it's always good to go in knowing your rights.
BUT MAYBE YEARS NOT TALKING  COULD BE AN ISSUE
I need to think about it before I talk to someone. Thanks for your help
never made a police report because he always come back and talk about family
Would you be able to give me a referral to an organization or someone I could talk to about the particulars of my situation?
The police say it is a court matter no i have not talk to da
I would prefer too talk too someone about it yes does the legal aid society do that
Hello was it you I was just talking about the husband coming over every day with?
I would like to talk to someone, so the situation can be explained clearly
I tried to talk to him about this situation he's upset and will not listen
Now I tried to talk to the owner he doesn’t want to talk to me
Is there someone or place I can go to and talk and get help
Thank you so much for your help. It feels good even to talk to a stranger about it. I have been in fear for years
I am not talking about this particular difference. I am talking about only communicating with him through a mediator going forward.
But i was uneble to complete because its impossible to to talk to the person
He does not let me see them or talk to them, we have no prior case.
Thank you for your help. I will try again tomorrow to talk to gov benifits and disability advocacy. Hope you have a good day
need to talk to someone about my child support arrears
Yes please!  I need to talk to someone asap.
i am going thru an custody battle right now with my child father were he wont let me talk to her
Company said they will talk to the other party and will issues the check
They also offer no resource to talk to a supervisor at anybody about unique or urgent  situations like this
idk if it’s possible to be reconnected With someone. I was talking to someone already and we got disconnected
yes  I have talked to them they have no clue of when they might start having court
Is there a number to actually call and speak to somebody I really don't like texting I prefer to talk to somebody
I have a coworker who has one. I'm going to ask her and then come back and talk to someone
if you get cut in the mouth you tell me if you gonna give conversations
Is there anyone that I can discuss this with on the phone? I have some medical issues and It  would be easier
but I also want to talk to someone to see what my options are
Yes but I just got disconnected from someone i already was chatting with
Is there a number that i can possibly call and talk to an actual person?
I cannot afford a lawyer but wanted to talk to someone briefly about my questions
how do i access information about this case. im lost and i dont know who to talk to
Already called and talked several times to them.
is there anyone i can talk to? at the court house even?
Thank you so much for your help, it is impossible to communicate with anyone anymore.
i called her the next day again but she didn't want to talk.
But I talk to the  mr Olson I can't  find
Everyone feels he is doing that he doesn't even let them talk to their god parents
Okay thank you I'm just trying to figure out who I can talk to
Awesome, thanks. Is there anyone I can talk to that can help me through this process?
She stripped him of his phone and won't let him talk to me
Is there a lawyer in my area I can talk to? To get some advice? I did call CPS n they weren't interested in helping
I’ll talk to you and try to call lift as well
HI Celine, I have legal aid questions and I've been having a very hard time talking to someone to see if I have a case.
I was chatting with Charles don't if you can see what me and him were talking about
well 2, if I call this number, would I be able to talk to you are reference this conversation, to expedite any future questions?
thats why I was hoping to find someone to talk to about them
ok then that is what I would like to do is talk to someone for consultation
I would like to know if they if they is a 24 hours hotline to talk to someone about child support
Will it be a chat like this or actually talking to someone?
oh my God, thank you so much, it is so good to talk to someone who is very knowledgeble....
My sons told her that he don’t wants to talk to her ... last Sunday
SOUNDS LIKE ONE SIDE GETS TO TALK NOT THE OTHER
Thank you. I just want my son back. I cant even talk to him
I would like to talk more and find out my rights.
Yes I know it’s outside of the court room but they have always brought us into a private little room to talk
Direct me to sn organization please so I will be able to talk to someone
they we’re never presence even when I was pregnant we didn’t talk for almost four years.
But I want to talk to someone not read article please
No I want it to be a surprise we’ve talked about it though
it might be, i would have to speak with them.  will they talk to someone in rockland county?
Ok would i be able to talk with someone
Hi I’m looking for someone who I can talk to about , My Boyfriends Good time being taken away
They said they were gonna talk to someone else Nd giveme a call back
I talked to one of your colleagues last week
Thanks for that info, do we have to pay a fee to talk to them?
Maybe open hours or something to that nature so they can talk to a lawyer about what they need
We want a dietician or nutrititionist to come talk to us on a regular basis
I would like to find someone to talk to about a current situation with my landlord
Thats why Im talking to you to find out about my options
if you have any insight of who i can talk to or get help from that would be greatly appreciated
I want to find somewhere I can go or talk to which can help me with that
thanks for the advice.  i won't talk to an attorney until i read this.
his sister and I talked all the time she’s 86
Yes but I still need to have the poa to talk to him.
i believe i was talking to you earlier, but i got disconnected
My situation has some unique details and I'd like to talk to a lawyer about it
is there a service available for someone who is on parole and is interested in linking with an attorney for free to discuss case?
I'm looking for information about eviction laws & someone to talk to about that
Thank you. Yes, is there someone I can talk to that can help me through this process?
I was talking to someone prio to you but it got cut off
a lawyer in northern ny who i could talk to about this
