I lost my job due to covid 19
Wanna know if they can due to being laid off from covid
that being said, i'm afraid to go back to work due to covid-19 as i live with my mother and grandmother who are at risk
2 weeks after purchasing t he car, I was laid off due to COVID 19
Okay thank you. Is the process for things different due to COVID?
I have been out of work due to covid since may
Do I have to physically go to court since covid is dominating society?
Noted, can i do it online or in person under the covid issues now?
Are there any free resources as I am unemployed due to covid
Courts are closed at the moment due to COVID- 19
family court is closed due to covid, no?
My name is Ivana, I work for a non-profit and I wanted to see how your services have changed due to covid19
Wasn't sure how/what to do,due to COVID
I’m currently not working due to covid my baby it’s going to be 1ywae
A friend who's partner is abusive will ask to stay with us until she is able to fly to another state - Chicago due to covid-19.
My restaurant was closed fdue to. Ovid 19
Modification of my order to pay..lost my work on march 18th 2020 due to covid 19
So how would I go down to the courts if all courts are closed due to covid-19
And also are the courts open already due to the COVID-19
and I know with Covid, things could be different.
and im out of income due to covid -19
THANK YOU! Covid has made this horrible and I appreciate your assistance
I am executor of my father will and need to finish the estate, because of covid-19 this has been difficult
But I'm nervous to let them out due to covid19
I have been out of work since March due to covid19
every person in their house had COVID in March and no one would help us
However, I did not  know what to do next, keep in mind of covid19
our library is closed due to covid and I cannot print from home and city court refuses to do it for me
it was set for april and moved to june because of the COVID
I just got a notice of garnishment but courts are closed because of covid
due to COVID I don’t have enough to pay because I do events.
But because they closed march 17 because of the low enforcement because of covid19
so I received this over email - as the family court is closed due to the obvious Covid stuff.
My original date was canceled due to covid
hello. I’m currently employed, however, due to COVID-19, I’m on a sick leave.
I know with covid things may be different but I never received anything
I want to file but I’m not sure if they are open yet due to covid
noted.  Are the courts operating now? I know due to the COVID they were closed
Covid made it massively worse to work
Our local office isn't open due to Covid 19
Owe rent due to covid 19 issues
i know it’s tough on everyone cause of COVID 19
Courts are currently closed due to COVID
I don't have money unfortunately, in addition to having to move when we didn't want to, I also lost my job due to Covid
Thank you. NYC she has deteriorated and also in rehab can’t come out due to Covid
We signed back in February but Covid has delayed signing
ok - Can all of this be done online since the courts are closed due to Covid 19?
i fear my check will be lost or delayed due to covid issues
The courts are close cause of covid what can he do when they still take money out his check
Due to covid, as with many, I have been laid off from work since march 12.
The court case was rescheduled due to covid-19
due to covid they are not taking any new cases
Especially now even more not willing with the covid 19
family court is closed due to covid
I renovated 1 house where my son resides and I receive no income due to unemployed due to covid
City is not working due to Covid...no on answers the phone.
My court date was postponed due to COVID
furloughing is due to covid and loss of work
we are currently unemployed due to covid so we cannot afford an attorney
She is also using covid 19 for all her excuses.
my condo was listed for sale but not sure if it was postponed due to covid19
Lost my job to COVID-19 closed up shop
We had started a divorce but it stopped due to covid before anything happened
No thank you! I needed help about what to do for being out of work due to Covid-19.
also wanted to know if the courts are open due to the Covid-19?
Shall I call your organization on Wednesday? Claro has closed their services due to Covid Economy Project sent me to you
I do not have a lawyer nor the money to obtain one. I stopped working in March due to covid19.
I was surprised to learn that I could not go to Brooklyn to do the paper work because of Covid 19
Hi I am receiving unemployment due to my employer being shut down due to the covid 19 outbreak.
Thank you, have a good and safe day from Covid-19
Are NY Criminal courts are open due to the COVID-19?
yes in May and it was cancelled due to COVID.
i used to work in a restaurant but lost my job because of Covid
I had started the proceeding was scheduled to go appear but did not appear because of covid-19
due to covid courts were closed for my court dates do you know if they are reopened
Ok but there's no courts open due to covid 19
perdi mi trabajo anterior por el covid
We live in a small town and have a large number of COVID 19 here
No one can go to court cause of COVID
Hello, I lost my job due to covid
and from my understanding family court is currently closed due to COVID
iv currently lost my income due to bing self employed and my work slowing down to covid
Is there a delay in enforcement due to Covid 19?
and I’m not sure how to do that with all the COVID stuff going still
this is a problem due to covid and the courts being closed
