Oh thank you sir and I appreciate you you give me your information thank you so much
Yes I was chatting Molly and she gave me some information
I think you've given me adequate information and I really appreciate it
I just want to know if that is the form to use or if there is another form
very kind Joseph thanks for your information and for your time
Well do.  I just need general information to guide.
Okay, do you know where I can access the needed forms?
Thanks. Truely appreciate. I will review the information you provided me with. Thanks again.
Thank you for your help but one more time do you know the name of the form that I need to get
I spoke to someone earlier and lost all my info the person give me would be able to help.. so i will just start over.
I just want to know where do I get the forms? I can do it all myself. This is just new to me.
OK do I come back to this to see if you found more info or is that it?
I can look into that. What type of information would he need from her? Would she have the right to it?
Awesome. The information that you are providing are coming in hands for me. I appreciate it
I am not sure I need attorney yet but thank you for the info you provided
That is fine but can you point me in the direction of where to go on the web to reseach this information
I was on this site earlier, but cannot find the form to complete.
No thanks but thank  you. I'll look into the information that you've given me.
Theres just alot of information here wasnt sure where to go
needc information i have the form already but i do not know how to do
I thank you for the information you have supplied and your efforts to assist me!
Thank you, and I apologize. I have never done this before, so I didn't know if all that was relevant information.
To the best of my knowledge, Mr Angiulo has the originals.
will your office in NYC be able to provide some information to me?
How do I get them to switch my info to get their money?
i have a basic question about court date as i cannot find the information
Thank you for the information I appreciate it! I will read it all right now! Have a great day! 🙂
Great, I was just copying the information. I will give it a try. Thank you.
I thank you if you help me find that information, what information do you need to find
Ok thank you so much for this information. I appreciate
Have been trying to track down information.  This happened last week.
Oh ok so I guess I will call and give my name and number or should I also give a brief description of my issue
They wouldn't tell me what it was for but wanted them to confirm info
Okay, this is good.  I see information that is helpful.  Thank you for your time.
I don't want to be rude and give last minute notice but I have no way to send information in time for next week.
I have the book for this information but i do not know how to do this need help were can i get help at
Yes I would like an info about my legal rights
No, I think I you provided me with enough information to get a good start. Thanks again for your help!
Hi, I want some information on changing a last name
I'll give you as much information as possible. This is part of a much more complicated situation.
Well that is what I am doing is trying to double-check with you. I don't know where to find the information.
ah yes Federal.  thank you for the information.
If you can pass my info for free legal service it is better
okay good to know. should she bring anything else?
sure, what information can i provide that'll help?
I’m sorry for all the questions I just need to get all my information but I have more concerns
maybe help them navigate the courts website to help provide the information they need
Thank you...I don't have any other questionsm  I will review the information.  Thanks for providing this service
I appreciate the information and help. Yes please provide the form.
Thank you so much. You've been profoundly proficient in providing me with necessary information that I need to rectify my problem
Don’t know where to start to look up the information
Can u give me information on giving my rights over
do you think I should do that even though I am writing down the important information you are providing me with?
But its gives uncertain information for a person that is in my situation
thank you so much for all of the information i appreciate the help!
Ok thank you for the information and this website doesn't help with free services
Ok, great. I will read all the information and call them.
Thank you. You’re a wealth of great help and knowledge Mr. Juan
Yes I would like information. Thank you.
I am going to look over this information first thank you
thank you, information is very helpful , I appreciate your help, what proof will I need to provide
I understand. I apologize, also I appreciate any and all help/information  you can give me.
Thank you...these are in my area. I thank you for your time and sharing this information! :)
I would like to get info on what to expect
You found the forms and legal information very quickly!
i also exclaimed that i do not trust the ACS information because workers can obtain access.
Got ya. Thank you very much for the info!
Would also like more information about my rights
Thank you,  that was going to be my next question.  I don't think I have any other questions today thank you for the information
Thank you very much for your assistance. Let me notate the sites you provided.
I missed your info fiery got disconnected
Ok thanks again for the information and your time  I really appreciate it
Too much info everywhere, cant focus on it
thats ok i have all that info have a good nite
Thank you for your help. I will give her this information so she can call directly.
Would you like me to resent the information about my situation?
The information you provided will help point me in the right direction.  Thank you again..have a nice day
Oh okay. Thanks for the information and for your help!
ok thanks I have to go find that information
Thank you, lots of information.  I thank you for your time
ok. thank you so much for your time and information
I understand all of that completely already. I don’t think you have the information  so I will kindly digress
No thanks I'm done now; appreciate the information
Thank you very much ! You provided me a lot of information. Today . Bye now
Would you be able to help me in this case /or give me some information to help me
Okay anyway, thank you very much for the information.
if you not willing to provide that without more information please let me know
Thank you for the information i will get on this now have a great night
I appreciate your time and information.  Thank you. Have a great day
i'm looking for information about a couple of topics
Great I will take this information and speak with someone this information has been very helpful thank you and stay safe until then.
Okay, thank you so much for the information. I will follow up with them.
No ..Thank you very much sincerely appreciate the information
Is someone able to visit him beforehand and possibly represent him? What Information???
Thank you so much I appreciate your time and you giving me the information that you have
Not at this time. I would like to read the information first. Thank you.
hi deanna im looking for info maybe u can guide me
ok thanks for your time and attention I will have a look at these
Thank you I appreciate your time . Any information is definitely welcome
this is my first time i have very little knowledge bout this
thank you so much you have given me so much information
not a problem. I will keep this is mind. Thanks for the information and your help today.
yes I saw that one , all I need is a form
I don't have a clue as far as where I go or what I can do to find this information out
yes I'm  aware of that but I dont see the forms
I appreciate so much the information. i will call to explain and see if someone can help me out
I do not have custody. I said am just seeking information on this process.
By the way when I got disconnected it wouldn’t let me go back to the info you gave me earlier
The information seems like it applies to me/my situation.
There is not one place on line to find this information.
ok thank you very much for helpful information. have a great day.
Not until he is able to look at site to see if the information there helps him.
Very helpful. Thank you for all the information. It is greatly appreciated
I looked at the site with the forms, but I m confused about the form to complete.
any other type of information you may think is necessary?
I appreciate you helping me out with information. You’ve been very helpful.
I can be more specific - not sure how much info you need
ok finding the form for a friend and I will pass the info on Thank you
We would appreciate any information or help you can give us
OK. I think I have enough info  thank you
I will read everything over tonight Ihave to go to work right now. thank you for the information
im going to ask for information is to many people
Thank you for sharing this information with me,  it is at least a step to finding the correct answer.  Have a good day.
This is good, unless you think I may need more info/resources?
No thanks.  I have checked most of these resources and no one seems to be able to help.
No Thank you if I do indeed need anything else I will look up here again Thank you for the information I appreciate it.
Can you direct me to the place to request non identifying information
Oh that looks great. Thank you for all these great resources.
over the phone no one wants to provide any sort of information
Thank you excuse this slow pc Thank for all the information
Hello. Should I just give my personal problem or just ask general info? Not really sure how it works
no thanks i already copied the info.  thanks for your help!  stay safe.
Im checking my inbox every day but I never got any news from them
Ok great!  thank you so much for this information!
thank you i believe i am set with the information provided.
Ok.  Can you refer me to the site where I can find this form?
Thank you so much for your help I will pass on the information.
If you have no information at hand that would indicate laws for this dilemma, then I will continue on with my search for information.
She is working and doing much better than I am I thank you for the information I will try to call him in the morning
Okay Enrique thank so much for this info I guess that will help me through with the process
you had said you were going to see what info you could get me..
Yes I would like  and need that information
Thahk you. This is more difficult than I thought trying to find information. Sigh.
Okay thank you so much for your information has been a great help
OK.  I did that  and they told me to come to this site to get that form
I understand but I should of received some kind of notification that they received my info
He would also be the type of person to block or ignore me as well if I requested that information
Thank you for the information. I hope I can get this resolved as well.
I was there  before, but could not find the place  I should go to get the FORM.
what should I do next?? Call the bank ask more information?
Ok thank i will follow with up this information you have provided
there is no information on there regarding specific  work that must be accepted- I’ve already looked
Thank you so much for this information. I greatly appreciate it.
who would I need to speak with in order to get more information
This is  great information!! I really appreciate your help! Thank you!!!!!
I dont know what else to do ....I asked for CSE to desk review my info
Ah, okay. I suppose I'll have to put some more research into it, then. No big deal. Thank you very much for your help, though!
NOOOOOOO, this is messed up! you need to do better at your job because you are very frustraing with the lack of knowledge!
ok that is great information and its greatly appreciated
Yes please. I am unable to find this info on the web. Thank you for any info.
No, you have been great, you gave me information, have a great day!
The article I stated is very general. I need more information.
Great, thanks so much for taking the time to gather this info for us.
I am searching for additional information on an order of filiation
Unfortunately not they didn't mention anything like that
Thank you very much for the information hopefully it will get me some where
Great! Thank you so much for the information. I am good thanks !
Where is this information coming from? Where is it stated on OTDA website?
I did see the rights info earlier this evening.
Ok thank you so much for this valuable information
Oh, wow!! I assumed it was public information and could be accessed publicly..
Ok great, I will most definetly give her this info
i have gone through the list of resources but I’m not sure which one to turn to.
Alright I have read what you have so far and am now waiting for the other information you were going to get for me.
I'm not sure how much detail to provide... I have a few legal questions
maybe you can tell me where i would look for that information
What is the name of the form? And thank u so much
I am truly apologetic..the info you gave me earlier was lost..
Thanks - this shouldn't even take that long but I will keep the information on hand in case
Thanks Very Much. I will try these information. If I need you I will call you again. Thank & Have a Wonderful day.
No, this information is a big help. Thank you so much!
This is very useful information. Thank you so much. Have a great evening!
ok thank you and they will be able to help with this specific form?
Thank you for your time and help. I appreciate the information.
I realize this is very specific information, but hoping getting help looking things up might work.
Thank you for the information! Yes, I appreciate your concern!!
Yes I'll take a look at the Information ,thank you very much
Ok thank you so much for the info. Be well
Thanks for you help but I can't get the form
I was hoping to get more information about how that actually works
Okay. Thanks for the info. You’ve been very helpful!
I am going to read that information over and will let you know
Great. Thank you so much for all you help and the information you have provided. We do appreciate it!
Oh- yes can I stay on this page to have access to the information now?
That would be great thanks, any info is a big help
ill give u any info u need
I don’t receive any information since 07/13/20
I have the information subpoena but I don't know where to return
ok thank you so much for this information it is very helpful
okay, thank you for all the information i will get right on it.
Do I get a date or I have to go into the court physically and get further information
No thank you Sandra. i appreciate the information. i hope you have a great day
Hmmm... is there a place a can call to obtain that information about my building ?
Sure, please let me know what information you need.
I tried finding information but could not find anything
Pennsylvania..WWP gave me your info to get in touch
I would really appreciate any and all information that can be passed my way to resolve this issue.
pleas provide me with legal free services that may be able to locate the form as well
i'm only looking for info, or how to find the info i need
ok please let me copy and paste all that information
and wanted to see if you guys hear any information about it
where ever i find them to print, it asks for all of my personal information
that's ok I did read that and did not get much information
Thanks for the info. I will give them a call. But 8 want to know more.
I needed a  legal information to to basically find out if I have a case or not
HOW DO I GET tHAT COPY because i was never given one and would like to know the details
Thanks. Let me read the materials for additional help
if you can give the info here would be great but I can call the help line later too
I can't seem to find where to look up the information.
So I should be able to find the forms at the site you gave me.
Okay, thank you very much Celine, this information has been very helpful
Can you instruct me a little bit as for how to find certain information I need?
Thank you so much. I will try the information. Have a great day.
you've provided very helpful information, I'm all set for now
It’s only these two forms I’m not sure of
YOU HAVE PROVIDED EXCELLENT INFORMATION THANKS!!! I think I have what I need
Hi Rachel, is this a way for me to get legal info?
Ok,thank you..I will go see what I can find
Ok yes that information would be helpful - thank you
Ok thank you very much for this information. I’m hoping someone can fight for my rights when I can’t
i have reported him to the management but they do not take action.  I was told "he can do what he wants"
sorry, i was transferred to you because i needed additional information
Hello, I need help to figure out more information
thank you. I'll read this over and see if I can find the info I need in there.
I am sure that that will, Thank you so much for the information it does help with some of concerns especially during these troubling times.
OK, thank you for your time and the resources you have shared!
Oh wow ok very helpful information
Criminal, but I am going to try and figure out the information another way.
Thank you for your help. I will do the form and I hope I can get the help needed.
Thank you,I will forward this information a.s.a.p
Ok. These address you gave is free of cost for informations?
It gets much deeper, however I don't want to divulge too much info here if that's not necessary.
They take all my info again and I still can't get answers in when I will get money
that is all the same info I ran into and could not find any help.  Thank you for your time though
Hi Melissa, the information I am seeking this morning is not for me
Thank you - the site has a lot of great information
Hi I've spoken to you guys in the past and you guys gave great information back to me
Would any of my information I provided to you hold up in court?
yes, i need help finding info
do i just call them and say lawhelpNY gave me their info?
No Thank you Thank you for the information hopefully I’ll get somewhere have a nice day sincerely
Perfect, I'd love that info, thanks
I want to do this so I can join Active duty military.  I just wanted to provide a little more information on why
I think I have enough information and sources available...many thanks again
Ok thanks for the information I will follow up in the morning
Thank you very much for your time and information. Have a great day. Take care.
I will pass this information on....thank you so much this was very helpful
I really just wanted to know whether the form is available here or not.
Is there a way u can do it for me online if i give u the information
I am good. Thank you so much. Looks like good information. I will look into it. Take care. I appreciate you assistance.
Is the information that you would provide only tailored to NY?
thank you so much. It’s been very frustrating to find information
thats a lot of info, can you help me find which one would help me
Okay thank you for the information that helped a lot
Thats ok, not yet. Thank you for info. You've been very helpful.
any additional information would be very helpful. thank you
I just asked you for legal information and you told me you cannot help me. Why are you asking me again?
Have you found any information that could possibly help me ?
Thanks. Any chance you can provide the exact name of that form?
it seems like u can help me find info about legal problems?
I guess that’ll be all for today. I’ll be checking this important info
No problem I just need the forms so I can get started
Yes just need general information on the services provided and too see if I’m eligible for help
thank you. I was able to locate the information I'm seeking.
as of right now no i just want to make sure i have all the right information before i do that
would you know which form exactly do I need
I haven't decided yet. I'm only collecting info now.
Okay thank you . I will wait for the following info
Thanks so much for your help. So much to read and
No that's fine, this is all the information I need right now
What info would I give them, without knowing where she is located
Yes but I want to make sure the oppropriate person receives the information. To help me
no. thank you. I looked up the site and I see the forms. Thank you again.
we have gone through and added the information that we thought it was asking for,
But the agency's would only give me information that I already had.
Sure that would be great. And it's personal info or data
I have 2 inquires that I would like information on
I am afraid to enter any information that I may not be sure of.
sorry I read the message wrong I shared info
Yes but I don't know all his information on him I don't work
there's a lot of info in that first tab
What more do u need? So I know what info to tell
Thank you so much for the help and information on this matter.
Right, I get that.  I will just have to be brave, do my research and take some action
I don't know where to go to get this form ?
thank you again .. I was stuck and I appreciate all the info you provided. have a blessed evening
Thank you for the information. I hope that you have a good day
That would be great. Any information would be great
Please send all info to jeffrey_aesch2000@yahoo.com. thank you
I wouldn’t mind both for as much information as I can get
I was on that site, but unable to find where to get the form
I’ll look into the other resources- I appreciate the information
Thank you and it is. He was an extremely private man so it’s even harder to find out information
Not at this time. Going to check out the forms now. Thanks again
Ok. Thank you. I wish I found you 4 years ago. Thank you again for all the information.
Okay, thank you. I appreciate all the information you gave me. Hopefully this will be resolved quickly.
law help i tried that, i just need the form.
So I should call n asked them if I can get the records
Thank you so much! Im sorry i just have very little knowledge about this
Ok, thank you! Looking forward to the information
Appreciated! I'll look the info over. Take care and Thank You!
thank you. Any help or information would be appreciated
Do you have any suggestions where I could get some info on this? I’ve been looking and haven’t had any success
I'll just read this information and see if I do later on.
Oh thank you for this information  i will get right on top of it
The information you've provided was helpful.  I'll review them after work.
he probably didnt know about it cause he wasnt around for it
I didn't read disclaimer information but I do except it nonetheless
Thank you, not at this time. I will do some searching with the information you provided. I appreciate it!
I thought I could still access the info you guys gave me
I think you have given me some great sources, thank you. Take care!
He lives in SC now, is there any other way this information can be received without being there in person?
Well how are you going to help me if I don't give you the information
Thank you so much for all the information! Have a great day!
please take your time. I appreciate any information your can provide!
i was referred by lawnyc.gov saying I just tell u my information to help form a case
No thanks, this is enough information for today. Thank you so much.
what kind of information do you need? do I tell you my problem
Unsure if you are unable to obtain information regarding this
Thank you so very very much Charles, you really did provide us with a great deal of information and we will be using it.
Got it. Thank you so much for all your help and for this information.
Okay, thank you for all the information and your help today
Thank you so much for your help and the phone numbers and all the other information you provided to me.
Would I give them the same information I gave you today?
I’m gonna do research on those sites
Delete the information. Goodbye. You're useless
Thank you very much. I will try using this info, Daniel.
Yes i'm on that site cant find the form
any help or info you provide would be greatly appreciated.   THANKS.
i need to make sure they have my right info
Thank you very much and appreciate your help and the information your gave me
No that’s all thank you though for the info hopefully this will help
