I filed paperwork with the court to modify the payments
However I signed a lease in July 2018 so I wanted to know if I have the same protections.
My understanding is anything regarding such matters would have to be expressly stated in the contractual agreement, which in this case is the lease
Hi - I am trying to find information regarding amending a Supreme Court for automatic wage reduction as a result of an equitable distribution divorce settlement
Generic question. Do agreements stipulated within a lease have merit
will move this Court at a term thereof to be held at the
But while im there I want to ask for all the financials to be reworked. Because he doesn't follow the agreement
All of us signed completely separate leases for $600 a month
I need to find legal advice about my custody agreement being broken
I would like to know how to title a rental lease for a home that was placed in an irrevocable trust?
Do they have to provide me with this changed lease for my review before signing?
I would like to know the likelihood of legal repercussions if we were to leave the lease/ refuse to pay
Hi I have a question about my rent stabilized lease.
I need to find legal help for a lease agreement
I alerted them to my desire to get out of the lease on time.
I wanted to know what are my rights regarding breaking a lease 6 months earlier
Was wondering who I would contact about info on breaking a lease due to infestations and other issues
or is there any legal council i can chat with to discuss lease termination?
Hi there, I have a few questions about a possible lease break
apparantly there was a judgment entered in 2004. and now they are trying to renew it
Are we entitled to the full amount simply based on him breaking the lease and not returning the deposit to us within 30 days?
Co tenant never signed the early termination agreement
I just need someone to point me in the direction of how to renegotiate my lease due to COVID. Thank you
Hello, who can I contact about my current lease and legal help?
I am trying to find out my rights about terminating a lease with my landlord.
I want to know if being robbed multiple times gives me the right to break my lease
He was retained by me and then when i requested a formal retainer agreement document from him he changed the deal we had already negotiated
I asked for a record of this ...I could nof find original lease
i need help with my lease. if i have an order of protection, does that cancel my lease and payments?
Hello what do I need to do to modify my payments?. I was laid off due to COVID-19
I need legal assistance for a case of commercial lease.
No, I am pro se, and am trying to not get a default judgement against my Exempt income and assets
hello, i am looking to create an contract or agreement for a room rental.  is this something that would be available?
Hello i need some assistance on what to do if my landlord will not fix stuff in his property?
Can a senior living in an Independent senior living community break lease with 30 day notice if moving in with a relative ? Thank you!
Thx. I hope I was clear. I need a lawyer to review my commercial lease.
My payments need to be terminated. I need an attorney.
This is about understanding if I really have succession rights and knowing how I can add my name back on the lease.
I need information on who to contact about a 30 day lease termination that I was given
i rented in june 2019 (signed the lease in april 2019)
looking for a probono lawyer who can help see if i have a case to break my lease since my allergies have gotten worse
I mean it's a standard NYS lease. I don't have it where I am right now
I mean does that protect us if we vacate before the end of the lease?
I lost WiFi and was never able to get the information regarding breaking a lease
Hi I just need to know where I can find a motion to vacate form for traffic tickets
How do I break a lease 5 months ealier
My management sent me an notification of "Non lease renewal"
Also another quick question, if I have a written agreement does that count as a lease? Or is that something different?
yes my son is about to turn 21 years old how can i modified my payment
dispute with landlord . I am moving out early then my lease . I received the letter thAt I have to pay 2 times monthly payment
May I refuse this kind of sales options that my current Landlords are trying to push on me through their realtor?
Is it legal for the district Atty to establish tenancy to a person that is NOT a lease holder???
Don’t know what ya mean , I have a year to year lease
are there any options for breaking a lease when someone's income changes to a fixed income due to a disability?
I’m reaching out to see if you could give me insight about re-signing a lease in my rent-stabilized building during COVID-19.
Do I have a right to request for another year lease? I wonder if there are special guideline for covid 19
so I wanted to know what my options were for mitigating cost or potentially breaking the lease early to find different living arrangements
Since me and my husband signed on the lease already, is the lease is valid? Even without the owner’s signature?
I only wanted to understand this terminology that is on the lease renewal:
I would like to understand my rights to break a lease that has another 12 months to go
I need to break a lease and want to know what I would be responsible financially
is there a place to look to see about early lease termination in a time of a national emergency?
Are landlords legally required to return a signed copy of the lease (with their signature) within a certain amount of time?
Also wondering if there is a standard penalty for a lease break in Manhattan?
I would like to add a provision to the agreement
thank you....is there some way I can find out if I’m able to leave during my lease without penalty given the current pandemic?
forms for notice for termination for a handover case
i have been to court 4 times including today forDiscrepancy on the rent Owed with no resolution resolve and And we lease agreement
yes, well to modify the arrears payment only
Can you help define for me what changes/actions deem a modification in custody agreements?
I pointed out to the rental departmetn: what is the difference of end of contract with end of lease?
My landlord is taking me to court for breaking lease in result of Covid
Hello, I wanted information about rent stabilized lease renewals.  Are you aware of regulations/laws regarding this?
Just want you to know if you're open because I need a renewal of my voucher
Hey! I have a question/advice upon breaking my lease before court dates
I need a modification to a custody agreement thats 10 years
I need a sealed court disposition from my case dated back on 1/27/94
Hi how are you? I need help finding legal representation because I am being sued for breaking my lease
What are my options regarding negotiation or, if there is any way to extend on a monthly basis until the elevator is in service
When can I proceed with initial letter stating end of lease?
They gave me a severance agreement to release them of liability
Thank you I specifically need the procedure for breaking lease. I know about providing 30 days notice and documentation of OP. Is. There anything else?
Is there a way to break a commercial lease in nyc without penalty and get my deposit back?
Would a standard NYS lease have a provision fro early termination?
is there a certain time limit to be able to void a lease
