To what degree can a hotel evict a guest on a moment's notice?
I feel my public defender is lying to me and tryna make me take 6 months In jail for no reason
Too much to type...I aws discriminated against by certain tenants, the property manager, and the sheriff's department.
i'm looking for information on tenant rights regarding harassment/threats from building staff like doorman
I am looking for a lawyer to counter sue somebody who falsely accused me of harassment.
I've been avoiding putting in an offical complaint because i am afraid it will affect my neighbors
I’m having Issues with a neighbor for the last 5 years and nothing Is being done.
Hi. Can my landlord evict me if the inspector told her my apartment is illegal
My Lanlord is trying to evict me and he didn't state why during this covid-19 is he allowed to evict me
Things keep getting worse, he already vandalized my apartment door and today he threw me a can and hit one of my dogs.
They have made threats of physical harm to me and the one tenat was arrested on 3 different charges. Currently waiting trial.
I was thrown off a year ago while in hospital and the landlord turned off my lights without permission
I’m having problems with an upstairs neighbor and noise
Hi I have visitation and the other party member and her sister  have verbally insulted me while I was talking to my kids on FaceTime.
Due to the disturbance of peace by her constantly making noise.
He was my neighbor and he tried to attack me several times
I have tried to get one and was told I couldn’t because she hasn’t attacked me yet
Yeah my nephew accused me of touching him when he was a kid
thw charge is assault 3 degree
Because my grandmother put her long island address on her license the landlord is saying they are in process of evicting me
then after cops almost arrest me for non payment
We are nearly hysterical that this Court has done nothing but make racist remarks about me
I'm inhaling constant pot smoke from neighbor's landlord is ignoring my email
If you're trying to evict someone, does everyone on the lease have to appear in court, or can just one person?
it feels like a threat to scare me into vacating
a doorman in a building and denied entry into the building, l was also assaulted/harassed by this same
okay and can him being verbally abusive to me help in court
Good afternoon how do I go about filing charges against the property manager? She is threatening to evict me.
He has been verbally and mentally abusive to me and has gotten physical w pushing and putting holes in walls and breaking down doors
My main concern is that she is threatening to evict me during a pandemic.
My building is restricting people from coming in can they really stop my grandchildren from coming in,the threatened eviction if we let them in
My father, who is suffering from dementia is being sued by his next door neighbor for property damage, need help on what to do
Jane, tell me something? By her receiving letters stating that she has to vacate wouldn't that be considered Harassment?
I know. Me and my fiance have tried to tell them to leave but they have threatened us with lawsuits.
Hi, would like to know what resources are available to me.  My car was vandalised by my neighbors mentallly disturbed grandson.
the biggest issue was when I had to call the cops on the landlord in 2019 when he tried to forcefully enter our apartment
police have come to the building about him several times recently for fighting
Can my landlord evict me via text message
going to the police won’t do anything as temporary taking her outta the home until the court date?
but she told me to stop slamming the front door because we share a wall. But I am not slamming it
Neighbor complaining. Scared landlord will evict me because she hates me.
Plus being force to get rid of my service dog
In my apartment this occurred and he has been harassing me every day by pounding and banging during my times of rest.
Hi I'm have trouble with an upstairs neighbor how is harassing me endlessly where can I seek help
the woman is claiming i am being abused by my partner which also is not true
So he became verbally and emotionally abusive towards us
No, I only anticipate assault when she catches on im moving out
I took took them to court and the Marshall was scheduled to evict
This is the only thing preventing the person from going home
i think so, would you agree my apartment is not meeting the habitability standards given I saw my neighbor violently attack someone?
My neighbors are accusing me of damaging their property & "out rageous behavior"
I am concerned with a property damage claim with a business
They communicate with a neighbor that I had a court case with in 2019.   Someone they know has endangered me repeatedly in the past.
I am not sure believe that management, specificly using a tenant with warrant mental arrest. Saying slander desflamation about me because i live alone.
just to want to do something to stop the haunting and torture
they using loud bangs and noises to harass me every time Ian bear a window
my neighbor is claiming that i encroached,trespassed and damaged a tree on her property
my landlord is completely ignoring me and I have a leaky sink
I am trying to find out since my landlord sold his property can he legally evict me with a 30 day text?
I think someone has infringed on my privacy rights
Yes, I screamed at them after being nice, because of there treatment and was almost thrown out. They think it's a joke
we believe they have a agenda against us because we filed numerous complaints on staff at the facility  in the past
How long will it take and since the abuse is verbal, hostile attitude
I have an issue with my condo property manager taking responsibility for fixing damages that occurred to my unit back in April
He is physically and verbally abusive does the court frown upon me ignoring him
THE LANDLORD JUST HIT THE DISABLED NEIGHBOR. HIT AND POLICE DONT REPORT IT.
He violated me stating I own firearms, illegal activity, destroying other tenants property
The neighbor is always complaining about everything I do in my appartment such as music my company etc
Hello Celine, my name is Patricia and I have questions about Civil Harassment from my upstairs neighbor.
after i made the report the doorman made threatening remarks to me
thank you. I know they cannot evict us and that even threatening eviction is illegal, but the harassment persists
I don't want to keep doing any of this when people are misunderstanding the issue time and time again.
I want to know how to ask for a restriction order against a neighbor that has been threatening me for almost 2 years
I am being harassed by a person or persons who are knocking loudly on my door in the middle of the night regularly
Looking for a lawyer in Broome County for consultation for a property damage claim
Hello, my car  was hit while it was parked by a driver using a rental car company. That company denied to pay for any damages
I am aware that under covid law there is currently an eviction freeze, but the landlord is harassing and using intimidation tactics
I have a situation in which I am being forced out of my job through harassment and slander
they were here from February to last week she came and got them against my will
I am trying to find free legal advice about evicting some one from my home I live in
Hi, I am looking for advice after a verbal dispute with my neighbor, who then afterwards has twice called the police on me for 'trespass'
my action for nuisance is against my upstairs neighbor. My action against the landlord is for neglecting to abate the nuisance.
Our landlord or maintenance guy is trying to evict us for a list of things that we didn’t do
Discriminatory harassment at a residence that I’m living at the moment
