Ok. But if she doesn't want mediation it will be time wasted
I have went through mediation but it's not needed because we are civil and have a mutual agreement
If the parents ( mediation) wont work, can a judge order?
Im not asking about child support! Im asking abour surrendering my rights thats it!
The courts keep telling me to file my petition for child support online how do I do that? Where can I find the information?
If I do mediation which I belive is pointless would I then be concidered served?
OK. what number for Community Mediation the number you wrote?
going through mediation would be faster correct? instead of waiting for judge date
We went to mediation and have an agreement but it was never filed in family court
would you be able to tell me if alcoholism and mental abuse affects the outcome when filing for spousal support
Hi Latoya, I have a general question about the difference between mediation and litigation
How l do I file for a court hearing to be relieved of my child support obligation?
The judge told me that I could lower my child support payments by asking for a modification  of child support
Hello. I’m in need of help setting up mediation between myself and my daughters father
I'm not entirely sure. I know it went from mediation to now this.
Hello..would like to ask for advise how can i file for child and spousal support?
Hello, I am looking to find papers to file a child support violation to give to the courts
when I use the support enforcement it ask about child support. this isnt that.
I would like some information on mediation for custody of a grandchild
If i put a violation in for a court order for child support against my exhusband and i have a court date
Hi I just have a quick questions when a spouse files a petition for temporary spousal support how long before the summons is served
okay we do have a 10 year old but custody and support have already been settled through the courts
hello ! I had a question regarding how to file a pettion about child support
Hello, where can I find the forms to petition to file for child support?
How do I start my petition for a modification of child support if courts are closed?
ok. what exactly can a mediation service do for me in the meantime?
Which link do I need to use to file with the courts to start getting child support from my ex?
No. They are with there gma right now and they want to do kinship instead of us getting them back
Hello- I'm looking for the following- NY Family Court forms.  Petition for Modification of support
Mediation has not worked, so it seems pointless to get involved with new mediation
I wanted to know if I could file for sole physical and legal custody, paternity, and child support at the same time
i have a court date for a willful intent trial I am the receiver of support
Can I modify or amended a emalated child after case was decided by judge
As a grandparent will child support be difficult without a custody agreement
I wish the court could have skype mediation for these folks just to avoid escalated situations.
ok, great, thank you! and then if custody does get changed, how would I file to cancel child support?
Hello. With courts closed can I File for child support modification online?
so the court would be able to see that i tried a mediation service?
I would like to ask if I can get a free legal support to go to the hearing together
My ex file a support order. I can’t afford an attorney. Would I qualify for a court appointed attorney?
Ok so can I develop a child custody/visitation agreement to present to the judge ?
Those aren't helpful thanks tho. I just wanna know is there a statute of limitations on a joint custody mediation for a child?
I would like to know how to file for child support online since courts are close at this moments
We need to find attorneys who  file charges and sue Administration for Children Services in NYC.
I need to file for divorce, child custody and child support. What forms and steps should I take?
Okay I have a pending case for  paternity. After its established I can file for child support
what is the procedure to ask for temporary child support in supreme court? what document?
for mediation, do both parents have to agree to do it or can i just make an appointment?
Out of child support, because it’s not working, what kind of lawsuit can I file against him?
And I went to the courts and got the pention to file for child support
hello can i file for visitation and child support online or do i need to go to the court?
Is child support court and custody/ visitation court separated? Can I ask for custody in child support court ?
also to ask for further enforcement of non payment of money judgement for support arrears?  There was a page I would find all these forms
Can I ask a judge to have court ordered permanent mediation, so I do not have to communicate with my ex-husband directly going forward?
Good afternoon, I would to how and what is the process of turning a mediation agreement regarding child support into a court order?
I’ve never been to court regarding custody battle I only been to court to provide support and medical for my child
Can I file a petition of violation of child support online without going to the courts?
Another filing? I don’t want child support anymore. The thing is we already had hearings. Next is in April.
Hi. I am currently separated  from my husband. We are doing mediation to have a parenting agreement.
No, I am attempting mediation at the time with my daughter's father. Never went to court or have him on child support.
how can I file a modification of child support if the courts are closed? I lost my job and can no longer pay the amount
I have a mediation agreement  between me and my ex-boyfiriend regarding child support and custody  Do i need to file that with the court?
yes- what is the name of the document that I would use to file for child support?
is there a way I can file for child support and custody at the same time
No final one yet hoping to get that worked out our next mediation. So I would assume a temporary one?
not a petition with the court, I want support enforcement services
Im currently in mediation and theres a chance my unborn childs father is not the man im in mediation with
If I proceed with the courts, will they take into account that mediation was attempted by me, but not followed through with by her?
my ex has put in a osc to the supreme court to lower his payments to support the court just emailed a decision and order
Is it misconduct if a magistrate ignores a finding of facts when determining a child support order?
Hi - I am looking to find and learn how to set up a mediation for myself and my sons father
With NY Courts closed at the moment how can I go about filing a violation petition regarding Child Support arrears?
Thank you. I thought I saw something in the child support website about mailing a petition of downward support to the court
I had  interstate paternity established in 1992. Would there still be information regarding this in the courts now?
Well the. It has to go thru child support because the child support judge is the one who cancelled it
We came to an agreement to dissolve all court and child support
I need to know how to get mediation to come up with a plan with my ex for our kids
are petitions for downward modifications of child support being accepted in courts?
If I lost my job and collecting unemployment, but never modified child support due to courts closing what can I do?
now i just want to do like mediation then if that don't work then go to judge
I just need to know the steps that need to be taken to file for child support since office are closed
If I do a petition to the court to make changes in support,  how do I get it out of the magistrate court room.
and in regards to the child support i have to prove we share custody of the child
if I want to move the mediation date to a later date how do I ask the Judge for this?
