awesome... there is one last... i need to deny visitation to grandmother who was also with dad has a temporary court order of protection...sorry.
My ex is denying me visitation and when I can see my son and when I can’t and for how long
order has not been served but they allowed the father to visitation with the order verbally stated
There is no court ordered visitation in effect.  Court is set for October 7
I am fighting my neice for my court ordered visitation
He cannot make decisions for himself and I would like to visit him and she's preventing me from going to visit him
I have a court order to have therapeutic visitations with them, but the mother is not abiding by the court order.
I want to modify my visitation for my kids to supervised visitation
the father and I came up with a visitation agreement but he wants to put it through the court
Im a father who was granted visitation rights in 2016 and for the pass 2 months my rights have been violated
Can you alter the visitation arrangement in this way without an agreement from me?
Uh, what possible relief can a court help with if an order of visitation is being violated?
Good Afternoon I currently have an issue with my visitation rights
The children's mother is not allowing him to have visitation with the children.
my ex has been abusive towards me and continues to make visitation & calls impossible
the Worker did threaten a court visit in addition that she can look up my son's schools herself
Who can I contact if I am afraid returning my child after visitation may endanger her?
I have ordered peticion visit and the father refuse when dont let me have my daughter.
This is a visitation violation my daughters father isn’t following the court order
so my daughters father has a visitation order... he was appointed by the court to have hr the first two weeks of August
She had 1 hour supervised visits prior. Each time she does this it causes great distress to my grandson.
I lost a final copy of my order of visitation, is there a way to get it online?
I have no visitation rights at all since they moved.. it's at her discression.. not according to my order
I need to discuss with a legal expert the possibility of reducing visitation.
Mom is the custodial parent...no there is no visitation order.
He has not Utilized his Visitation. He took me  to court and then did not Abide by the order
No divorce. Will pursue visitation through family court
And the modification to visitation order would be for the location?
how can I apply for child visitation rights ? Im from buffalo, child is in watertown NY
the issue i am having is that the child's father lives withhis mother.  Would that affect visitation?
And the mother has violated my visitation rights and hasn’t let me see my son for the past two years.
:( I can’t imagine being ruled for in person visits. It wouldn’t be fair to my family
no. costudy and visitation have been finalized back in 2015, but now my oldest son lives with me in GA. he is 16.
What would be the actions I should do in order to get the parent to stop denieing visitation
How can I get a copy of my court appointed visitation orders?
no shes threatening to take me to court and he does not want visitation with her. Hes 10 years old
Who is doing the transport/bidding of father, who is only ordered visitation at 6PM
Hello what is the best solution if my sons father has Temporary visitation but doesn’t follow any any the rules towards the agreement.
Thank you! I just don't want to make the trip over there only to find out they're not allowing visitors, or are closed
Yes I have,  on Monday someone else had given it to me concerning the civic 19 rules for visitation matters
Will there be any charges against me if I refuse his visitation in the event he refuses me to pick her up on his weekend
No he has not he left to Florida without letting the court know that he is no longer going to follow through with visitations
is there a place to find the visitation laws for non custodial parent
Grandparent visitation rights. X son in law alienating our grandson.
The daughter has not let the court know she has relocated. The grandmother has been unable to have visitation.
Do grandparents who have court ordered visitation have to give their address to the mother?
He has physical custody while I have visitation. I can take my child out of state as long as it isn't for permanent residence
one of my sisters, who has a history of stealing, was only allowed access into my mother's apt on announced visits
The order specifies visitation, however he doesnt see the kids for over a year.
Just visitation ... She will not let me see him. Despite many court orders telling her to.
Is visitation contingent on full payment when I have made every effort  to offer partial payment?
he went to court and i was suppose to have visitation but he won't let me see her.
His father has been gone for 7 months and because I couldnt make it one time he sent me to court for visitation.
what if the custodial parent has an underlying health concern do they still have to send for visitation
We don’t have a visitation schedule appointed by the courts.
How can I modify the orders of protection back to no visitation. He was able to get family court to orders visitation!
I have the visitation  order  for my daughters since March  when all this covid19  start  she didn't  let me take them with  me
I would like to modify my childs visitation
I have  visite whit my daughter and the father refuse give me her
I have custody and my child's father has visitations. He refused to bring him back the day and time his visitation ended.
I need help petitioning the court for visitations with my special needs adult child whom the father will not allow me to see...
I need the link custody I'm not the leagl custodian I have visitation rights father is refusing to have my children come visit me
my wife don't have any objection to have me visitation rights
I had my son for almost nine months he went for a visit and they wouldn't give him back now she's back in rehab
I currently have a visitation schedule approved by the court.
I currently  in Onondaga County  but would drive to their area for visitation
and how long does it take to get a visitation order from the court?
What if the judge temporarily rules to do in person visits though, I guess I would be forced to do in person?
I am the custodial parent. I would like to start visitation order proceedings because the non-custodial parent does not respect boundaries. Is this possible?
Let me also add that he took me to court in 2016 for visitations and never not once follow through with it
there are illegal guns in a house that my child has visitation at...what can I do about it?
She consistently makes it difficult for me to see my children when I visit when i can.
My granddaughter's mother is in violation of a court order for my son/ myself's visitation
his..the donors ...living  situation is unknown and his family's home is not where a child should be.  What happens if he asks for visitation
I would consider it an emergency. My daughters mother is denying visitation
Hi, can visitation be denied due to the stay at home order?  The court states father shall have visitation for the week of spring break.
I have court ordered visitation for my daughter and the mother of my child have violated it over a month now
good afternoon my childrens father is in the hospital I need a copy of our court ordered visitations how can i get a copy
What do I do, if my child father refuses to take my child even though courts said visitations are on our terms ?
I just would like information on obtain agreed scheduled visitation rights. Problem
The reason I am applying for a Modification to Visitation for the Non-Custodial parent is because of the CoronaVirus.
Hello Rose  yes I have a quick question if a person violates a court order ( visitation) what can I do ?
an original custody ad visitattion order
