Ok thank you,  I'll try calling that number
That number doesn't work i just called and its a dead line?
They also gave me your hotline number but I was on hold for almost an hr so I did the chat
ok.  just so you know, i called the numbers on their website
i have no clue to be honest the supreme criminal court gave me that name and the legal aid phone number
Basically the question is, once an index number is obtained, it will last and remain there until the case is closed right?
You mean going through and bringing the page up again I didn’t have a phone number
Most of the people are working remotely and do not return the phone call.
how to I move up the screen to write them down the names and tephone numbers
Do you have a volunteer lawyer can help me? I can provide my phone number and address to you.
hello, i started the uncontested divorce program, got an index number and now i would like to get my court case on the calendar
Did I understand correctly that by emailing link thru fits, I get entire convrrsation?
That's the number I've been calling and no one is answering at all
Yeah that’s the number that’s disconnected
My mother spoke to someone by telephone.  Is it better to go to Family Court?
i told them over the phone that i am fine, i don't understand why they would be called
I called that number they gave me a Human Resources number and when I called it and hit the option there was no one there
I called a number and it says its to in service the other one rings out
Yes but she hasn't returned any of my phone calls.
do you happen to have a phone number for Queens small claims court?
my ex spouse is taking our daughter out of state and will not provide me with phone number only name and address of location
Or I call the legal service phone number first
It would be easier it she could have a video Chat or phone call
i would like  to speak to a person face to face orc voice to voice if possible
does she need to request to participate by phone in the OTSC? or will that be the case because they are being handled virtually now?
Is there a direct number I can call ? I can’t seem to find one online
thank you so much, I will also call to see if the court answers to the phone number you gave me; thank you again.
No I haven't.  My turn around time is short. Do they response to phone calls do u know
I paid the index number. also for a civil press service investigation, the lawyer i had steel
Thank you I’m his only voice now!! And no you’ve been very helpful!!
I call that number many times I go through a long automated and then they hang saying the lines are busy
is there anyway we can speak over the phone? Are you in Erie county???
he doesnt know much about why he has warrants or how he can start fixing this
it says there's high call volume and gets disconnected.
The phone number for Utica, NY is not a good number. Do you have another one
I wish I could speak on the phone with someone.  It is hard for mme to type everything
do you have phone numbers for them sorry i am so frustrated with this whole situation i just run circles
but calls are not answered even though I call several times every day
I already contacted them several times and they basically responded the way you did with  rehearsed fundamental responses  & formality but
and yes i call they don’t pick up the phone
ok thats all thats on the forms as far as phone numbers
maybe give me number I have housing hotline
Hi I already talked with somebody to the phone I give her my information but she's give me
Yes calling me names like bitch and telling me things like I'm going to suck men dick etc. And other things
OK I have the form saved to my phone should I email it? Or fax ? Or both what do you believe should I do?
ok cool this is the docket number: V-25482-16/20C
Just called 917 number.  Wouldn’t go through.  See?
Hi I am trying to find someone's phone number I was told to get in touch with in the civil court system
Im on the phone with that first phone number
had no phone network either nor money and they would only ignore me
okay i will try to call the phone# in thelink
I spoke to someone on the phone earlier, but forgot which form she said we use & she mail it  back
Sorry, I had a phone call. This should help a lot
can you give me the phone number I am having a hard time thank you
I am sorry my pc went off line . I dont know if I am still talking to the samw operator
Will I be able to obtain one this quick? I called both numbers but the offices are closed. I will try in the morning.
no one picks up any phones in the civil court
I'm also on hold on the phone after calling 607 326 5900
Trying to understand the nature of an index number as I understand that is what identifies a case for a person
Thank you— my phone is giving me a problem, sorry.
Yes and what number as in phone she is using or his number he's 15
I’m having issues with getting my sons mother to allow me to visit my son or even speak on the phone with him
Ok thank you I just wanted to make sure I got the right number
but i never received anything or have not had any communication at all the 8 years of my son life
OK I have their phone number. Thanks. Bye
Yes I have the docket number. I called that number but no one answers the phone
Yes I’ve  emailed and called no answer maybe covid but I’ve been calling months now
not at this time I will make a few phone calls and see what happens.
ok - do I have to then have an index number before I can start the process online?
Can you just send the hotline phone numbers not the website just the phone numbers please
That's okay, I have the Legal Aid Society and LawNY's phone numbers for her.  Thank you!
on saturday he call me thet police because i did not pick a phone call
Yeah I’m using my phone if that makes a difference
If you are currently under threat or in danger please call 911
Is there a phone number i can call to speak with someone ?
Alright I guess calling would be the fastest option
if you can please.  When I call the numbers no one picks up
Okay yes I think a hotline would help!
Like a virtual index window maybe?  Is that something?  Is that what I'd need right now?
Ok so do I need to try and schedule a court date ?
her phone is disconnected and she does not respond to any form of communication
Yes, can you provide me with some of these lawyers and phone numbers?
Hi, there is a community legal help center on Kingston Ave. Could you tell me the name so I can look up their phone number?
My son is Joe seeley din number is 11641 7
yes, i tried to call but only answering machine
I thought it was that you would just give the phone number
Please be patient I am a senior and I’m not very good on these computers or phones or whatever
I just need a phone number I can call and speak to someone
Ok great.   Are there any other referrals you can think of right now?  A phone call cam
Yes I believe cable recorded me and my phone service and number repeatedly changed
i have email communications where she is contradicting herself, appears to be making fun, and outright show any professionalism and taking it all personal.
Ok so I go there purchase and index number and I file there?
Can you give me some phone number who can help me to bring him to court?
Hi I am going to get  a will done today , I only have my daughter and a car will I need to put anything else ?
is there a phone number i can call to speak to some directly?
Lawyer however I got a new phone
My son was arrested monday I keep calling to get him a lawyer no one is answering phone
yeah - are there any hotlines that assist with general questions that aren't geared to low income?
So the attorney has no power to cancel the index number
No I’m alright for now. Ill start calling these numbers now.
I'm going to try a couple of the other phone numbers they gave me. Thank you for your time today.
some may not have the ability to go on the website. Is there a phone number too?
I just need a phone number for ny law that covers her area
How can I get a hold of somebody at the courthouse? The line keeps ringing
maybe im not calling the right number?
2. If a third person who is not involved in the recorded phone conversation, is it illegal for that person to share that recorded conversation?
A sneak phone calls to me everyday and say they want to come home
CMWM2714@gmail.com and my cell phone number is 518-416-7581
I wanna know how to get a index number from a 1996 divorce?
That would be great.  Should I give you her phone number and name?
My ex gives me hard time to see and talk on the phone with my son.
Hello! I need tom find a lawyer's phone number
The internet and cable ppl are ready to come in,for,installation but the,property,manager says NO. We all want access to,internet and cable tv
Noone ever answers the phone at court or the helpline
is there a new york attorney referral service phone number pls?
well i would have to get specific... is it better to call the hotline?
They didn't return my phone calls. Thank you.
Are able to provide me w any phone numbers??
We called the town and other numbers and they told us non essential
what number do i call the toll free or the phone number
for the legal aid society helpline number you gave me is wrong
yes they have been caling to pick me and the baby up but he is not complying
(You can just copy and paste the legal service provider's name, the phone number, and the link to the website)
Is Pandemic valid reason for not to see my grandson even a phone call or video calling
She had a Facebook and that said she was 17 also I had no clue
It wont let me get the phone number
I have already done so, and was just giving phone numbers until I ended up with you
Hi. How can I get a fee wavier in nyc or Bronx ny. What the telephone number or address how long does that process take
what is the telephone number at queens family court where i can speak to someone
I get awful cell service lol
Do I have any rights in this? Maybe just the right to ask the court for supervised phone contact?
I talked to the Lift legal helpline and they said this would work
i tried calling but no one answered. I can try calling them tomorrow.
Hi I need to schedule a fair hearing. I tried many times to call the numbers listed on the website today and it was busy
Thank you, the links for the first two I should be able to call for over the phone advice?
The phone number that I have been calling is 718 618-2098
It’s fine you tried I appreciate your time and for listening my phone is going to run out of charge
I did call my lawyer many time but his phone disconnect...
My daughter is 18 years old and lives in North Carolina, am I still obligated to pay child support?
Not too burdensome and losing my power on my phone what do you need to know right now so I can re-charge it
Cool thanks. I'll try these numbers. Have a good day
I also have diabetes at 3am no money no phone no medicine I use a nebulizermachine
I have called  I get no answers    No body answers phones
Yes, please.  I will take the hotline numbers?
I need the feps phone number for Jamaica queens please
searching the index number I can’t find anything.
Took his cell phone and deleted phone numbers that he wanted in his phone
No, I'm going to take your advice and call those numbers now
I don't understand why they keep say to call- then they don't pick up
Can you give me a direct number instead of doing it online please
I really want to talk with someone on the phone but the dept of labor never picks up
NYC, Brooklyn area code 11226
Online it shows it is open, but I tried calling no one answers
Can you pls double check and give me the number again
So this is for NYC and I’m in Buffalo in Erie County. Should I still use this same hotline?
please, especially phone numbers i just want to speak to a rep
so thats means no assistance on index number
I keep getting passed to another number and dead ends
i have been given telephone numbers left and right
I called the housing hotline but they don't offer legal advice  another number only answers questions
Yes I asked numerous times for a phone call.. so that someone can walk me through the forms.
so I was changing my number and I will inform the detective on the case incase they need to contact me
Thank you so much this can happen to any one even you if you have an iphone
Thanks I’ll try  the information you gave me. . All the numbers they gave is  is either busy or voicemail is full.
I understand but what does it mean to "out your docket number information"?
okay yes I do have that number. this is helpful, thank you
No I live in Jamaica queens so I know there legal aid there but can’t get answer on phone or line is busy
Okay great. I know I have been but it rings and than I get a voicemail
Please provide me the hotline information where i can get the legal advice
that hotline might help though thank you
legal assistance of western New York-Elmira office phone 607-734-1674, but it rings and then goes beep-beep and disconnects
so a telephone call court session was taken
ok - so use the online forms and the hotline for any questions?
I already tried calling them - no one answers the phone
Please give me their phone number, so I may call them call
No problem, I’ll call to the phone you gave me, Thank you.
I have tried calling all the hotline numbers already
I have been calling since last move no answer.
I will try calling them now. What information would I need to file for this modification?
No, I'll try calling the number you provided.
I dont know the docket number only the index numer
u have a phone number I can call where they can give me advice
Thank you for the telephone numbers. I will begin calling.
can u give me there phone number, it won't open
Hi I need to track down the index number in Queens special term  court
is there any telephone number where I can call maybe you guys can email me the form
Just because I left voicemail or asked for refund even if tone language that doesn’t mean that’s harrassment
I have this person’s ID and phone number
i called 311 and they gave me a number and I’ve been calling for days
They've been I believe throwing them in a box n not allowed to make communicate or phone calls so I'm currently awaiting a call
the  phone said the 888 number is out of service
it just list a toll free number which is a general info hotline
Everything is clear I go to save all this numbers and call
Someone told me here last week i can check in here or call the 212 number about updates and to see if they open
i would like to know if you have any more phone number if you can
okay so it is just one main number. Thank you
What about 212 979 0611? What is the difference between the 2 phone numbers?
Assuming that someone is answering phone calls. COVID-19 has everything fouled up
No, it is okay. I will try to speak to someone by phone to find a resolution. Thanks!
I just tried the hotline says they are closed but its within the hours listed
and cannot get a hearing date, nor answer to my phone calls or emails
Thank you for the list am going to make some phone calls and see what can happen..thank you for the help
ok, so you have no solid answer as if I have to do anything in the state of New York, as of now
they wont give me any information  I tried that What are the Lawyer phone numbers that will give phone conferences
Okay, my lunch break is ending soon. Do you have any phone numbers other than the state bar?
I’m trying to click them for phone number but it’s not working
really, but queens, only that phone number you give me
Txs. When I'm taken to lawhelpinteractive site I'm asked for an index number...
It’s only saying enforcement and I don’t have a docket number or anything so I’m kinda lost
I don't mind talking to sheriff & show him. But he might tell my name
Hi this is Aimee (did you get the link for the GTM call?
lol anyway can I use the index number?
I need the new phone number to get a lawyer
but the first number u have should be able to help
Is any phone number if i can call about this questions ? Please give me any phone number who can help me . Thanks
okay I’ve tried calling the court house and no one answers the phone
Sorry , i got a message then lost connection
Ok thank you for your help.  I greatly appreciate it. Since you gave me their number, I will call them
I just called them & was on hold 20 min & then they hung up
No one answers the phones on the web site
i got 3 phone numbers im going to call and see if any can help
I need the new phone number for the assigned counsel program.
Do you kno the direct number forms mediator
she knows where the child is and the acs worker isn't picking up the phone
I'm not in a right to counsel zip code, is there anyone else that can help me?
Ok so call the number u gave me right
Don't know and all I have is a government computer...very limited
I spoke with someone over the phone yesterday and someone is supposed to get back to me today but nothing
I keep calling them but no answer :( since last week :(
I already talked to them on the phone and they are seeing how I should proceed
Yes, please provide me the telephone numbers for the organizations
my zip code 13329 but when I was being harrassed I was in 13452
by the way, do you know if there is a referral service phone number?
I am going to call the phone number available maybe they have someone
I need a phone number for anyone to help me
Thank you.  I've tried calling and no one picks up
I talk to him in the phone maybe 1x every 7-10 days. His assigned counsel does not return my calls or texts.
I'm requesting phone numbers, not websites
2- Where can I verify the case status, is possible online, or should I call a particular phone number?
First of all is there a real person I can speak with and a phone number to call?
ok.  do you have any other alternate  numbers i can call or other resources I can  check out?
myliving sotuation I have a Tbi It’s hard for me right in class and then on the phone all day  trying get help
I don’t want to call 911. Who do I call about this?
That number u gave me is asking  for an Extension number
What happened to the phone number or who are you actually connecting me to
How can I go about talking to some one so they can hear my voice.
I live in pa can I request a phone hearing
I tried the hot line number. The civil court number they give for center street , I called and it’s on
There website looks great but phone number and contact form don't work
I have called 211eny tomes I have no computer to.help.find a place to relocate
what someone earlier gave me a number with a extension number
Ok thank you, I;ll try calling again. Many blessings Celine.
no amount of text messages or calls can persuade this agency to pay me.
Okay would I just call the phone numbers listed?
Thank you as I read online I have to respond to them or things can go south badly apparently I am not the only person
I’ve clicked on each one and it brings me right back here. I will try calling the numbers tomorrow
yes, no one pick up phone. they closed already.
Thank you so much I’ve made 10s of phone calls only to be redirected elsewhere without much information
ok thank you very much, is it possible that I can give you my phone number to speak over the phone
Is there somewhere I can type in my index number to check status?
Ok, thank you. When I tried calling earlier this week no one answered the phone. Are the seeing cases right now?
Hi ! I had a question, when filing for divorce, after paying index number fee, how long does it take to get this index number?
ok. I'll call the  number. Thank you for your help
is there not a phone number i can call to speak with someone in the dept that files emergency petitions or hearings?
I have been calling 212-613-5000 but no one picks up and the mailbox is full
My. Phone number 347 522 0394
My car have bluetooth I would not need to hold the phone to my left ear
Yes I'm using somebody phone because he broke my phone like 2 weeks ago
OK so there’s no specific information here I’ll just Need to make a phone call?
Yes. That's fine, am i able to message them threw this ? I can't talk on the phone
Great thank you. I will look at this. And yes she does have DV hotline info
my phone number 585 354 3349  my name david
Do you know how the docket numbers work?  I have an index number that is not working
great, thank you for all of the information.  how late is this helpline open, if i have more questions?
I live out of state can you do a court appearance via phone call
He's on phone. At door sometimes 2 an 3 times day harassing us.
Yes please I can't get my phone to work would really like to do it online
Hello Anika, What is th DHCR's 24 hour toll free number? 1 866 463 7753 isn't working
Also, I will need waivers for the index numbere
imagine a 9lace ive been going to for 25 years and somehow th ey have a  connecti
back and forth with emails and phone call nothing productive
I'm in a home without real phone and cell is being run by others
there was some tech trouble last week, so I start a new chat every once in a while to check
What is their phone number? If I follow the link I will lose you.
I was actually given this number 845-476-3520 and the line is busy
I called them and I could not understand the age 18 or 21 they keep disconnecting to fast after they say
Yes.  Could I do anything telephonic like a telephone verification?
great im on phone with first one now
Oh ok. Thank You.  I will try to find a phone number for them
But he can still travel with his passport now if it doesn't need renewal
I tried calling many times but no one answers the telephone.
Sorry yes I forgot to read that my phone is dying but yes
Hi. i need to find a lawyer's phone number
I tried calling with no answer and no recording tell the information I need to know
its 11am & whoever is taking the phone shift is awful
is the bar legal hotline able to help companies like us or is it just for personal case?
Thanks. I called the number above but didn’t give me the option that I need.
Yes, but I have no cell phone which is admittedly a big hurdle
Have a good internet cnnection, and w/ in 2 days should have a phone.
I am going to attempt tk call a toll free number
i missed the hearing because of time difference and I tried to have the hearing put back on calender but I never got a feedback
I need the phone number please to the virtual help center so I could ask a legal question
Thank you. I am calling the hotline now. I really appreciate all of your help
I don't think so, I'm working to gather the phone numbers from the links you provided.  thank you
I went down that road they were full I will try again do you have there number off hand
I called that number and its busy.. it never rings.. this is so stressful.
is there a faster way to check with an index number ?
I spoke to a court representative over the phone, they said I have to do it online
I’m talking about the phone number to speak to one of your aids
yes place i would like a phone number
I STAD IN THE PHONE WAITING THEN THEY HANGED UP TWO TIMES THEYED MADE ME WAIT THEN THEY HANGED UP AGIN.WHAT I DO KNOW?
the numbers i have on the letter i received no one is answering
I frequently call dad phone number however it was to no avail
Can't see or hear my client.  Will try via cell phone if needed.
Ok would you need my docket number
His brother's records.  I assume that there would be some sort of index.
I called there n they gave me another number
My name’s Geth, phone number 631-377-8554
I've contacted over 30 and none of them will even return a phone call.
Yes I spoke with a women on the phone to see  if I could get attorney help , and I fear I missed there return call
I tried calling but representative are on phone with other customers
I have no computer acess at this time I am using an android phone
thank you, I did see this site but there's never a phone number. It's seems to be mostly addressing appeals
Thank you for the phone number. My first question is:
Yes sorry i had another phone call
I'm looking to sue, a shelter for Harassment and Ada violations and need a index number
is ok. I will call those numbers and see who can assist. thanks
I tried calling 718 722 3100 where someone answered and told me call 718 237 2000 but that number isn't leading to a legal office
I called the Code Enforcement office all day yesterday and no one answers the phone
I have the index number, but need the forms to continue the process.  wher do I find them?
Also, do I need to get the verified complaint form UD-2 signed once I have an index number?
I called and they gave her phone hours to call. Very helpful, thanks!
Yes there is a phone number . Thank you. I will call. Just wanted to check first
How do you start to file a divorce case in nyc? Do I purchase an Index Number?
Okay, thanks so much. This helpline is  HUGE help.
OKAY THANK YOU I WILL KEEP THE NUMBER YOU HAVE BEEN VERY HELPFUL
