The custody of the child  will be in charge of the plaintiff and parental
I live in Texas and my granddaughter lives in the BX, NY. I would like to file for custody. How do I proceed?
hi. I filed for custody of my two daughters and I have not heard anythign
Can I file for custody of my biological son who resides with me even if there is no other parent contesting custody?
I was threatened by them that they would take the children if I filed for divorce or custody.
If a parent show custody order to child when order says not to how does that go
I want to get full custody of my children. And I don't know if I should go to a judge or a mediator
How do i file for custody of a child? I already have legal guardianship of?
Filed for custody of my grandson need the web site to fillingi have him since he was 2 weeks old i have temper custody now
Please direct me to the form to file for my daughter to file for custody of her children (full custody)
i file for custody in queens  through mail bc  courts are closed . The other parent is in Florida how will she get serve in Florida ?
i want to file for custody for niece she in foster care she being abuse
My daughter was deported and I went to court for custody of my grand daughters
Hi. I have custody of my 2 grandchildren but I have misplaced the paperwork. How can I get a copy?
I am a father who wants to file for custody because my child mother moved out of nys to njs without my consent
I already know where he lives and also I want to claim custody of all my kids.
I live in mount Vernon ny I would like to file for joint custody of my 2 children where can I go do tht?
I would like to print out documents for  petentioning for custody of my child where can I find them on the NY courts.gov
Can a biological parent file for custody of a child when the other biological parent is deceased?
Hi Daniela! How do i file for custody for a child, with courts being closed?
I live in Canonsburg pa and I want to file for custody of my son who lives in Utica Ny can I file online
What is the legal venue for filing for custody and now do children have to live there.
How do I file for full custody of my child since his mother die of COVID-19
I want to file for divorce and custody of my child, I currently have an order protection against my husband
What form do I need to file so I regain custody of my son
I was advised by two lawyer to file for full custody because since the order been place I don't have fully custody of my son
Hello I am petitioning for child custody the absent parent lives in Florida and doesn’t have any contact nor relationship with the child
but never got the custody paper that directly states i have full custody of my child
Can a parent file for custody in their home state when the child has not lived there or with them for the past six months?
I live in denver and my kids live in queens I want to file for custody. Can I do it online?
I have a 7 year old son . His mother and I never had a custody agreement in place. We al lived together until October 2018 .
how do I file for full custody of my 6 year old that lives with me
and don’t know how to deal my child custody
I want to file sole custody for my child because her father has not been in her life. How I go about that
Yes I want custody of the children’s
I want to file for custody can I print application from here
I am trying to file for joint custody but I live in a different state then my Child  mother.
I’m in a same sex marriage and would like to file for custody of my children
Hello  I would like to file for temporary  custody for my grandkids at orange county can u email me the forms that needed shimceleste829@?gmail.xom
Can i file for child custody and support online
I want to file child custody and my mom's baby agreed to go to mediator.
I want to file for custody of my Child, my kid lives with his mom but non of us has the custody
how do I file for custody if I am the father & my ex girlfriend and daughter live in the state of Texas
how can I file for custody for my 2 sons if I am in NC, but legally the children's "home State" is in NY?
Can I file for a unconstented divorce if we have a child together but do not want to go to custody court
Had cps cases against my wife and I for maltreatment around 2 years ago so my mother-in-law sued for custody.
but no custody of the children We have not had our day in court yet
I want to know what I can do to get custody of my children they are in unstable living conditions
But I do live in Missouri and just moved. Can I still file for full custody or custodial parent and transfer rights to my mother
Yed..’m filing for full custody and child support
I want to file for custody for my 12 year old grandson.
I am looking for the form that would allow me to register an out of state divorce/custody order
Can you file for sole custody of kids after they were released to you from foster care?
Can I file uncontested if there is no custody agreement like if he has abandoned us
looking to file for full custody. father has not seen son in 7 1/2 years.
Ok is there a link to file for custody in Staten island because I know there's no in person filing
Hi I live in NYC and my daughter mother died on 9/22/2019 how can I file for so custody of my daughter
Is there anyway I can file full custody and child support right now in nyc
What can I do about  adopting a child I have custody of if I do not have good addresses for the biological parents
I was awarded full custody of both my children back in September
Can I have full custody of my child if the other parent has not took responsibility for his child for 6 years now
He lives in Staten island and I live in Manhattan where should I file for custody
her father took her and has been jumping states with her now he has filed for custody in NY
Where can I get an application to file for full custody of a child
If 2 parents who were never married cannot settle on physical custody, will the court give each parent 50/50
Do I file for Full Custody first then Child Support. or Can I file for both at the same time
I need to get a emergancy order of protection and emergancy custody of my grandchild
Hello! How can I file for custody online for my grandchild
My ex has filed for child custody, can I still file for child custody?
I have full custody (prior to the children being placed in acs 3/21/2020)
I never would have filed a claim because my sons father takes care of him
Of course, the parent filed for custody already well within the time when NY is still. Home state and jurisdiction of the child.
Hi any custody for two children’s
is there a possibility if he take me to court, for this child, that he might get full custody for the child?
I need a copy of the current custody papers to prove custody for 2 children
id like to file for custody of my daughter, living in NY
If both parents do not have legal custody of the children can u get into trouble by keeping them while filing for custody
i cant find the forms to file for custody of a minor child thats not related to me
Unless a court makes another decision, parents have equal rights to physical and legal custody of the child.
I want to know if my husband has filed for custody while the children were visiting him in NY, they live in NC with me
I need to settle a custody so the father of my child don’t take my son or abuse me
