Erie Supreme and County courts Chief clerk's office attention CCT
do I have to call the county clerk's office? I tried to call the one in queens but no one picked up
i used it and left message for the chief clerk.
is there an affordable way to do this and get a judge or clerk signature what do you suggest?
Are you sure the clerk has the power to amend petitions?
What am I suppose to file with the county clerk and court?
i submitted a form on the ny courts website that is what i was instructed to do by the court clerk when i called
I just don't want to spend unnecessary time going to the county clerk's office
Calling the court clerk would be my next step.
and im not able to reach the county clerk
Some kind of connection to criminal court clerk office perhaps?
the county my mother lived in at the time of the divorce and 4 other county clerk offices in 4 other counties. NO LUCK!
is the county clerk's office open if I wanted to get a copy of something?
Supreme Court Clerk said I could not use their library since its closed. And referred me to Laura Hankin
My daughter is turning 21 on April 23 do I have to go to Putnam county clerks office in court house to file papers?
i'm surprised that there is no direct clerk line for this.
Thank you for looking into this. I just need to draft an answer to submit to the court clerk tomorrow
I spoke to the court clerk and he told me where to go to get that form but I can’t find it
I'm almost certain that a lawyer can figure out how to file a POA with the County Clerk
I  will definitely call the court clerk tomorrow.  Thank You
There are no other instructions on the site and the court clerk doesn't seem to be familiar with any additional required docs.
I was told to fill out and email bk to my county court
I did ask and apparently a new judge had that hearing and her clerk never in the office , never call back or responds to emails
a judgment was filed with the suffolk county clerk for unpaid medical bills
I know it. My aunt used to be town clerk for over 30 years.  Thanks for your help
Do they automatically register judges orders with the county clerk?
I was told by the health department that your offices could assist me getting a judge to order a release order from county court judge
I was going to give the name and number of the employer to my county clerk's office
I went to the court and spoke with the clerk. There are several others that this happened to that year
What is a warrant for child support back payment that states must be filed with the county clerk?
I have no idea of what I need to do to file the POA with the county clerk
Ok. Can the clerk of court explain what it supposed to be
Both. The county clerk in delaware county already looked for me in that county and 4 otheres near there and could not find one
I contacted my county clerk asking about the offices and they were not sure either
No problem. They must be there because the clerk was very specific about what they contained but I couldn't find them.
Does Richmond civil court clerk office open next Wednesday I couldn't get clear information about that online
My concern is that today marks 30 days from that file date. Should I I go to the county clerks office?
Ok i will give the clerk office a call thank you
Next step is Queens County Clerk Office
yes but it says the court clerk has to sign and there isn't a signature from the court clerk on her paperwork, just the attorneys.
email address for clerk's office NYC housing?
Whats the difference between filing on line, and filing with the country clerk?
No. The county clerk is a separate department. They deal with all types of legal documents. Not only court filings.
Hi I spoke to a court clerk and was told I am looking to file a 4-11 requesting a modification of support order
Shall I contact the court clerk in the am? Or wait and ask the judge for an adjournment.
How can I contact the court clerk's office for the White Plains City Courts?
courts are close and ive been trying to contack the clerk office
Ok great who takes it to court can i or we take to family court clerk or does it need to be a judge?
Txs. This works now. Do I need to pay the County Clerk for an index number in order to start this process?
So without having filed the money judgement with the county clerk, it looks like he basically sold this property out from under the judgement
Where is the nearest county clerks office? I live in the Bronx 10452
The court clerk told me the forms and guidance was on Court Help but I can't find the forms.
The court clerk is the one who said to go online and use EDDS and that she didn’t have more information
I received notice that house will go to court to appoint referee
I think the county clerk's office is part of Kings County Supreme Court. This POA isn't relevant to a court proceeding
Thanks. I talked to the county clerk I think and she told me what form to fill out but it's really confusing to me.
Good afternoon is Bronx county clerk open for marriage register?
I went to the genesee county clerks office to do that. So it would be genesee county court?
Is there a DIY form to file a power of attorney with the county clerk?
No thank I was going to send a letter to the clerk I thought you had the forms to sto
Hi, I want to know if I can go to clerk and get my records?
I am sorry...I was told by the court clerk that this program would help me all the way through the needed forms
The ordere says the CLERK was supposed to file it with the CSU
However, the County Clerk cannot provide a certified copy unless the POA has already been filed with the County Clerk
I figured that. I don't know why the Supreme Court doesn't have any information online about County Clerk filing. It doesn't make sense
No I will use this information to contact the clerk and get back if needed
Ok, then bring those to the magistrate's court clerk? I imagine notarized?
I receive a letter from attorney office that there's surplus money they deposit in Richmond county treasurer office
This is precisely the reason I"m asking this question: I don't want it to be rejected by the clerk for incorrectness.
No. A DIY form to file a POA with the county clerk.
I can't find any information online about how to file a POA with the county clerk
Is there a way to access the information online or do I have to contact the clerk directly ?
I have used the same system the county clerks offices use The NYS clerk record search website
Would her first step be to travel to the Family Court with her paperwork to speak with a clerk?  The parties live in Suffolk County.
The POA is already complete. I simply want to file it with the county clerk
Well, it sounds like you can't, but the Supreme Court clerk is not answering the phone.
oh there is a head clerk of county at 111 centre street - any email/contact for that person/office/division by chance?
i called the clerk’s office and they directed me to the website
