I’ve been waiting for her to change mind. But it gets worst
How can I do that I tried to go to the court Friday but everything is closed
my famkly and I have been trying to move to a healthier location but this is one of the issues that seems to hinder it.
it is to the point where everything avenue I have tried has failed
Even though it’s not keeping me, it’s him trying to control everything
Not at all he is trying help me get back to work
meaning 50/50, but he tried to get all of them even my name is clearly on deed
Yes I tried contacting the court house all day and I've had no luck
I was trying for it to be uncontested but my ex is being extremely vindictive, so that unfortunately will not be working as planned
alright. the one i tried went to a certain point and then said i couldn't finish it
I tried to download it couldn't if you could walk me through it from the app that would be cool
are the courts open so i can go an try to stop it
I am trying to find something but I just started working
Ok thanks. I am not trying to be difficult but I have tried almost all of these resources.
ok. I have no choice but to keep trying. Thx
I did...and they told me that the amount im trying to get back is too small
I am trying to prepare for court but I am kinda lost what I need to have for when court comes through.
Oh okay I see I will try that thank you
Ty I'll try to call n see where I can go from her
spouse dragging their feet and trying to control things
I am trying to retrieve a form that I have completed but have not been successful.
I’ve tried everything possible I don’t know what to do
Okay, I'm already sifting through it but not finding the answer I am looking for
Im in the middle of trying to build my credit, that's how I found out about all of this
Hi I am just trying to figure out exactly how and what I need to do in order to move to another state
Yes and all I have been doing is crying and trying to make things work
I tried the Sullivan Supreme court but no one there was able to help nor knew anything
I was trying to see if I would be able to get legal help
Hi Lindsey. I'll try to make this as simple as possible.
im trying to convince her she should write a will but she doesn’t want to
Thank u im going to try it
I just try to ignore all of his attempts to engage in chaos and drama
I have tried every other way I could think of
I try to do it i dont know if im do the right thing
We have tried. She is now putting things in my sons head.  I'd rather not go through this again and go to court again.
I have tried they say it is a conflict of interest but wont say why.  Been jerked around for over a year
I've attempted this process for years & it ends up endlessly & I give up again
Just tried 3 times to access the suggested site but it bounced me back here.
I have been trying but she doesn't even know what's going on
I tried calling the creditor but couldn't get a hold of anyone
I cannot afford to pay for an attorney that the reason why I was trying to do it
I’ve tried everything I can’t get through
I tried that but there is nothing pertaining to arrears cap
Ok i will keep trying thanks any way
I've been homeless for a little over a month now , this has ruined me .... Everything I tried has not worked for me ...
I try to use this system and i was told i cant because i live out of state
Thanks so much I’m so trying hard to keep it together but it has me terribly depressed
ok so I’m trying to find out a few things
The court date continues to be postponed but I'm trying to figure out what I should be doing in the meantime.
I been trying to get him back ever since
I’m confused when it comes to start the process
I'm trying lol but I can't  but nothing else thank you
ive been trying for over an hour to get some help and nothing.
Trying to find out the arrears Nd then modified it.
I'm trying to find out the guidelines bc that doesn't seem right
Tried to look for one myself, but just, wasn't succeeding
Hi Ashley I tried many times to get connected to the assigned lawyer but in vain
the chat isnt working currently...ive tried
I tried to avoid this method however, since I have decided to move on he makes things harder and harder.
im so sorry I know im struggle with all this I have no idea what im doing
This means so much to me for actually someone listening and trying to help me out
I've heard of this and never knew I'd ever need it or where to try
I’ve been trying to get in contact with the courts but I haven’t been able to get through
'I cant access anything  I will keep trying
I'll take a look.  I tried calling court several times and no luck getting anyone.
I have been trying to find assistance but it has proven quite difficult
I can't look this up right now, its not allowing me too. Sounds good though.....
I have tried calling but cannot get through. I live out of state
Wait there is one I didnt try. The name doesnt seem to be in my area of issue however i will tru
i think he's trying to get me to leave
I tried to go to that sue but nothing happened
I am trying to start the process but i dont know what to do or where to go
I know they aren't free I'm just looking for a list of names, I'm trying to find someone specific.
I live out of state now and I'm trying to see if i have to go back
I’m not sure if there is anything I can do about it legally, but I feel completely manipulated
I will try them have nothing to loose at this point. thank you
