With me. But I'm being threatened that she will take her with force if need be
Can a public school deny transportation to a student for bad behavior? If not, under what circumstances might a student be legally refused bussing?
There is an order of protection until next year and I want his rights revoked before then
In the pandemic she took him to nj without my consent and then she decided to stay there
Hello I just spoke with you about finding my court case. You transferred me but I got disconnected from the rep
no I dont she took everything from me she dose it alot
she took his clothes and her clothes , money etc etc
I was given the runaround in regards to who towed the car and then eventually dealer told me that he did
and when I sued in Supreme court they stole my default judgment
I live in CA. I have a business. I borrowed money from a company in NY. Covid19 happened.
the grand parent filed the wrong paper on purpose she should have filed temporary custody she filed full without my knowledge
I want custody back of my child that was stolen from me
I'm not living there because she's stolen all my property, including my certified therapy dog, and she's turned off all the utilities.
can she get In trouble for taking my daughter without having custody
She's stolen everything I own, turned off the utilities and must be held accountable.
I need help with traffic violations tickets when my license got stolen
I still need a lawyer because I need to include the payment for the money he stole from my mom.
Can I be  arrested  Since I can’t get there I called
he refuses to listen, can he legally take her out of state without my permission
I would like to know what to do to get him back Without being in trouble for kidnapping
but NYS DOL UI denied my claim and said I cannot collect UI until I returned to USA
they took my entire money from my bank how can i change or stop that order
and vice versa.  and we both know love will win
He also has stolen our rent not paid landlady , overcharged us and is now stealing items such as food etc
so its basically stolen, i was at work when the scooter was delivered
the problem with calling police is with COVID they are releasing everyone within 24hrs which means she would then be in danger again
They took all of it so basically they offered me something that technically wasn't even mine
is there anything else I need to know about what kind of rights he can assert that would be problematic for me?
also I do not want to get taken to court
Hello I ordered a DOB about 2 weeks ago and I still haven’t received it
she is insisting on still bringing someone into my home, do I have to allow her in?
thank you. Yes, or at least out of his possession in my storage unit.
If the grandmother has custody of my daughter and the mother came an took her away is it illegal
He was sentenced at Metro Detention Center in Brooklyn Federal Court-they moved him to Indiana Fed Prison
as far as I am concerned, they basicaly stole all my household items....
due to the arrears, my license was restricted and I received one moving violation. Therefore, it was revoked
The HR dept. at the hospital claims that it's a personal issue and refuse to intervene
Allegations of abuse, all were unfounded I was transferred to a different location
It was not set because the attorneys order failed to put it in there and judge missed it
What lawyer do i need to help track and return money that was stolen from a family member by a family member
It's like getting robbed. It's grand larceny in a sense.
I need help filing a suit for stolen property
In fact, he has stolen his Social Security Disability Card & used it like his own along with his phone.
The lawyer who stole my money cost me loss of money
My medication bank card social money and all personal items are locked in my apartment
And stole money from my mom's account and our son's
I've called the police several times and I cant hey him out of the house because he's a minor
i did everything they ask of me and I’m still didn’t get my transfer
and my rights weren’t taken so I have a right to see my son
I haven't seen him for 6 months now because she took him there without my consent
I tried to get it transferred but ss stated that if I brought him to court there it would stay there
but ...he may try and say that I must pay for removal of everything  they told me....
The mother already has custody and she wants to force it on me
I recieved a notice saying i had to comply within 10 days but they towed it in 3 can i sue them
On custodial side their relative are using force for her not to see me
I'm trying to find out what my legal rights would be in regards to settlement money that was stolen from me by a relative?
I,know private property owners can deny installation. But this is a,mobile home park. 15 trailer/homes .
im never late but throwing that out there as well
I’m still claiming it. But money isn’t being released
I am being fined in my co-op for removing a building memo that I disagreed with and was negative. I am now being fined $1,000.
I gave him $12,200 and he did absolutely nothing whatsoever
She took my mailbox three of them i got my mail held at the post office stole mymail
im trying to avoid sending him to court
now the nypd took my car and they won’t release it at all
no just steal a portion of land, i cannot even sell with a poop survey, without disclosing this to buyer
they did not find anything illegal stuff in the car
dominique Conti and lawyer Npatr Thanesnant stole my 3 million dollars default judgment with the help of court clerks of NY Queens supreme court
Somone stole my daughters 400 dollars how I don't know. I never go to Bronx ny
they are robbing me of $900 because whomever they handed my scooter away did not do their due diligence.
I am worried that someone else received my check or debit card
I need help in Erie County Surrogate court. My Uncle estate is being stolen through undue influence
AND WHEN I SUED IN SUPREME COURT, IN QUEENS NY THEY STOLE MY DEFAULT JUDGMENT
need court help to collect money
because they stole my 8 broken bones settlement under either the fabricated rented car that they created
How long does someone have to be away for rights of residence to be relinquished
