If yes, thanks and God Bless You! Be safe
yes thank you very much have a blessed day
Thank u so much. God bless u n ur family! Have a good n blessed night. Stay safe.
No you have helped me so much.  God bless and keep safe.
Thank you & God bless this HELP LINE! I hope I can get help for my son!
Thank you so much for the help may God bless you !
Ok ill figure out the rest....  thanks so much for your time i gladly appreciate you GOD BLESS
Thank you for this. Safe and blessed New Year.
Ok. Thank you very much and have a blessed rest of the day.
Not right now, you’ve given me some work to do. Thanks, pray for me I guess 🙏🏾
Well thank you for looking, I guess back to searching and praying.
Thx you very much for your great help God Bless Stay Safe.
This is mission was so useful I really appreciate you thank you so much have a wonderful day and God bless you
thank you for your help.  I appreciate it so much.  Say a prayer.  Bye
Ight cool thanks anything is a blessing right now
Ok sure and big thanks BE BLESS
True, thank you for your help.  Have a blessed day.
Thank you and God bless you. No that would be all. Bye bye.
Happy New Year. Have a great day.
Jade, thank you for taking the time. I’ll give them a try right now. Stay Blessed 🙏🏼
Ok thank you so much have a wonderful blessed day
Thank you so very much I appreciate it have a bless night and stay safe
Thank you for your help. God bless and stay safe
Yes absolutely thank u so much. God bless u!! Have a good n blessed night
yes hi there & happy new year -
God...!!!! Thanks so much for your help.....God blessings you..🙏
Thank you so much! God Bless and keep safe.
I’m praying it does. Thank u again u have been very helpful.
God bless you and Have a great happy and prosperous NEW YEAR!!!!!
OK thank you so much u have been awesome and helping me. Thank you and have a blessed day.
Very helpful... Have a blessed day.. I appreciate everything you did today..
thank you again,be safe and happy new year to you and your family
Thx again Lucas I appreciate you help,  have. a blessed day
Ok great. Thank you. Have a great day and God bless.
Ok , well thank u, and stay safe God bless
God bless you doing such good work thank you
Ok I really appreciate your help. Thank you. Have a blessed day Jeremie
No thank you so much God bless u
Thank you so much Joshua and you have a blessed day
Ok. Thank you so much for your help. Have a great and blessed day
No thank you! I hope they can help me! Have a blessed day
No TY. I'm going to start with this information. Have a blessed day.🙏
Yes  - W e all need prayers  during these stressful times during this Covid-19 pandemic!
No you done enough,may you have a blessed day! Thank you again
Ok thank  u so much for your time and God  bless  u
Okay, thank you so much Mrs. Molly. At least now I have somewhere to be guided too. God bless you.
Ok will do I'll go to the website thank you very much have a bless and good day..
That’s all for now sir oh ave a blessed day and weekend
OK, THANK YOU VERY MUCH. HAVE A BLESSED DAY
And you as well!! Again God bless and have a wonderful day.
I see. Thank you so much for your time. God bless you. Stay safe
GREATLY appreciate your assistance, have a blessed day.. I will keep trying..
no that was more than enough, thank you again you’ve truly been a blessing, take care
Good! Thanks a lot. Have a blessed year
Thank you so much Joshua and you have a blessed day OK I will do it
hello.  by the grace of God i’m hoping you can help me!!!
Thank you so much, you giving me hope for my son. Thank you so again. God bless.
Thank you so much for the information.  Have a blessed  day
Thank you Nicole and God bless you and thank you again and again and again thank you so very much and have a great night !
Thank you very much. This helps. Have a blessed night.
ok thats great god bless you   yes
I been getting turned down everywhere.      God bless
Thank you for your valuable time I'll have some work to do. Stay healthy and God bless
Thank you so much, God bless you and be safe and healthy
You have been of excellent help god bless you.. Nothing more thank you..
Thank you so much, this info is very helpful. I appreciate it. Hope you have a good holiday!
Thank you very much for your help, have a blessed day.
Thank you Ester. You’ve been wonderful. Have a blessed day!!
awesome thank you for your help :-) Have a great new year!!!
Thank you and God bless you and your organization and the services you provide
No that is it thank you so much You've been a wonderful help stay safe and have a blessed day
Then let’s both start praying 🙏
Thank you. Your kind words mean a lot to me. You don’t know me but please keep me in your prayers.
Yes I will. Thank you I hope you have A wonderful December
