Good Afternoon, can I continue to move the case here in NY. I live here years and 3 months.
Not a complaint. Court Appearence. No idea. Must have been the father who to my knowledge lives in New York still.
that looks like a nyc number, as our area code is 716  and I dont fit into elder law category
They have moved around to NJ, then Brooklyn, then New Rochelle .
I need help to fill out some forms to try to get my son from New York to Cleveland he's in foster care right now
He lives in Staten Island and I live in Ohio
Yes the subject of issue has main office in Manhattan
Also my aunt is out of state she lives in Connecticut. So i don't know if the police would be able to do anything.
I live in NJ but my car accident happened in NY
Sorry i got disconnected i live in berrien County mi and want to know how to put my niece in foster car
My husband lives in New York. Do I have to be present during the process?
Mother live in rochester ny...sin are in Groveland Correctional facility...she need help with a legal aid lawyer...the attack was serious.
I’m from United state , New York
I am a New Jersey resident and have a 20-year son who attends Vassar College in Poughkeepsie, NY.
I was in New York, and he sexually harassed me at his house for that reason, I immediately traveled to Colombia.
Yes, I'm in New York County (Manhattan).  I would not be able to pay for legal services at this time.
I live in Georgia - She lives in St. Lawrence County
I work in the Bronx but my office covers new and nj
I'm in Georgia but my parents and grandmother were born in Onondaga County NY
Many friends from college - I went to Bryn Mawr - my mom lived in NYC when I was in college.
I live in Richmond County, Staten Island, not Rochester
I am in Jamaica and my child father is in New York. I need to start a case
No, but i welling to go to new york to file complaint there?
Can I fill it all out online I live in Florida an my child support is in New York?
Does Niagara County offer legal representation for students?  I heard Erie County does but we don’t live there.
The need legal advise to stop the harassment, I live in Maryland
My mother lives in Manhattan that's NYC
Am I obligated to do this in Oswego County? The city of Syracuse is closer and more well known to me.
Yes , Before  the situation happened they resided with me in Brooklyn NY
have grandson too but only see when i take grand daughter home
I'm living in Albany. The kid in Westchester
the order was for Staten Island and we live in Arizona now
Now i living in charlotte north carolina, my daughter lives in 🇸🇪 with her mother been lke that for 19 yrs
I guess Suffolk cause that's where my aunt lives.  My father lives in Nassau county
i live in Staten Island and I know it may be in Manhattan
also I live in Suffolk and I believe they are in queens
I live in Arizona and my 3 kids live in new York with their grandmother right now
I live in Salisbury North Carolina. My case is in Manhattan New York
I have checked both Rochester and Buffalo areas and no one knew of any to recommend
I'm in Montana . The child is in Chemung Co NY
Yes this is not any kind off health care facility it's independent living it's just that it's just regular apts for older people
My son mother took him to North Carolina and been there over 6 month and saying I can’t see him
I wanted to know how can i get a lawyer in state island i live in Maryland for a child support case?
If the child is born in Philadelphia how does New York have rights?
He is currently incarcerated in new york Manhattan
Lake mary florida.. seminole county but I think it comes from new york because they were adopted in new yotk
I know it’s confusing. I live in Brooklyn but still had my MA drivers license which I was planning on changing to NY
yes i do i live with my Biological mother and my stepfather in New York City
I have another question if I live  in Pennsylvania can I get legal papers over here instead of going to new
I'm located in Brooklyn. The contracting company's headquarters is located in Manhattan
i am trying to get information on my divorce I no longer live in New York
I live in Colorado, but my grandfather was born in Huntington, Suffolk County, Long Island
I have worked from home with my students from match till tune and j last taught summer school from home.
I am actually located in Virginia, near Washington DC
I have got into USA in May 2018 & got my Green card in 2018 August
This woman is not a citizen to this country. She holds no green card.
I appreciate that so, he's in the Bronx and I'm in New Jersey for the time being but I'm sleeping on the couch
Do you have similar information for Allentown, Pennsylvania. My friend is facing a similar problem as mine except her house is in PA
Yes...... the contract is under California law and I need to know if it will hold up in new york
I have a hearing over the phone on Wednesday June 24, 2020 With the department of labor
No I put in a missing person report mother is supposed to be in Maryland
It is okay thank you and I live in yates county
She lived in the Bronx NY and I live in Aurora , Colorado
I live in New York so it would probably make more sense to leave my message for the LawyersAlliance,right?
Public defender's office in New York Angela Bible
I live in the NYC area, in Murray Hill\
works in New York and Kings, lives in bronx I think.  checking
The persons case is in New York they are just out of state serving their time does that matter ?
I live in Georgia but my son and the mother lives in Onondaga County
he wil be 13 this year and he live in Long Island with his mom and step dad
I have already had contact with the first and they cannot assist me because I am a Vermont resident
Its a child support case in family court located in kings county. Which is in Brooklyn New York
I don't need the number for the court, but for the legal department for OCSS at 150 Greenwich Street in NYC.  Thanks.
thank you again, I will try this number tomorrow.  I hope it's state wide as this is in NYC
I live in Westchester County and work in the Bronx
I live on the upper east side of Manhattan zip 10029
I’m located at Suffolk county New York zip code 11703 if that helps
my oldest son lives with me in GA and he is 16 years old
But her biological father lives in Dominican Republic
ty im upstate near canada
Yes and He's still in Brooklyn Ny
I live in Colorado and need “Proof of Paternity” or Order of Filiation for a child living in New York State
I have residential custody in Nassau county. My ex husband lives in suffolk county
a support order was started out of Pa and it was written in Dutchess County court ,where I live
She would like to live with them in Greene County, which is also her birthplace. How can I go about this? All parties agree.
Im in New jersey and the case happened was handled in New york
I'm in Florida but my brother was in Buchanan, NY. He is now in the Westchester Medical Examiner's office
you mean North Carolina court system?
am in NY with my child,living at my mother in laws houseç
My name is Lauren coppa age 35 and live in staten island ny.  My cell is 1-917-530-3474
if he lives in another state, do i file my case where the child lives?
I just googled "Manhattan" and it says "New York County". The summons and court were all setup in Manhattan
I have a case pending in Federal court in nj
No. I live in Colorado. My grandfather was born in Huntington, NY in 1915
I am in NY with my child,living at my mother in laws houseç
I worked.from home for. March til June and I also taught summer school virtually from home.
Okay thank you. I am living in glen cove, long island, by the way.
I’ve been living with my friend in Brooklyn for a year now
I tried last year also but cannot find and address for him out of state to have him served.
she is definitive taking my son to New Jersey to place I don't know
I need the phone number to Albany because that is where child support goes to
I called the New york Legal Assistance Group for help as you recommended and there is no answer.
sorry was day dreaming. I live in Henderson , NY
yes the child lives in new york
Nee York. The father filed in and he lives in Nee York.
He currently lives with his Aunt in New Hampshire
Im the child my father lives californa i live in ny
I live in the country and I am 70 years old
the friend is looking for recommendations on behalf of their brother that lives in Buffalo and was unsure where to look
I live in Brooklyn my child lives in Suffolk county and I need a modification because circumstances have changed.
the first one says it's for new york city.  is it also for nassau which is outside of the city.
One is located in Brooklyn and the other one located in Chinatown.
after it says against.....there is no option to select school district.
My daughter who is 20 years of age relocated with me in High Point, NC - she is permantely residing with me.
Yes, I heard of an agency that works for the government in New York.
I  don't know that much, all I  know is that she is in Brooklyn
I am speak with we yesterday about them case freelotto-plasmanet-iwinnersadvantage new york
That is my only issue. I have no trouble with her being with her mom as long as she is local.
My Uncle lived alone was former professor of psychology at University of Buffalo
and my mom said that if I don’t go to Florida with her the state is going to take my baby away
I just don’t know if I should be speaking to someone in Texas, NY or Maryland
ok Thank you. I'm not positive where it even is yet. I'm assuming in the county I live in
Yes, my son and I do. His father lives in TN.
she is 14 year old, was born and lives in Japan.
my son currently lives in New York City in the Bronx I reside in Manhattan
Well she is here in onondaga but grandmother lives in chemung I dont know if I spelled that right
I am in Tompkins county but my wife and child are in Oneida county
I live in Suffolk and my daughter lives in Queens
So I would have to go visit the child in Georgia?
i dont know what you mean , its just medicaid in new york
The house we rented is in Brooklyn, our company is in Manhattan, so i'm assuming this would be a Brooklyn case?
My husband is in San Antonio Texas...last I known
I live in steuben couty ( Bath Ny ) can I file on my owe to adopt a child or do I need to hire an attorney
He is a 20 year old from Michigan and is now in NY. His only ID is a highschool id card.
But I won't be able to attend coz I have an exam for college
I live in Oswego county he lives in Onondaga county
I not longer live in state. I moved to Pennsylvania.  I dont want to efile. I need to have them mailed.
I live in Port Saint Lucie  and I need to file for a Telephone testimony in New York
the child is still in new york and because of parents not going back the child has to come here.
Hey Charles my mom made a few calls, the legal aid is not located at the 106th street location
I live in staten lsland.    But l lived in nj at the time, house and twins
Thank you very much....we live in Westchester NY. And this is a criminal matter ...
I live in a tiny town near rochester ny or syracuse ny. I was hoping you could just pull up transcript of last chat :(
i see. But if the Child lives in a different state currently, does that change the jurisdiction?
I am served by New Rochelle and live in Mt Vernon
She was born in Tampa, FL and he still resides there, in case that’s necessary to know.
I live in dutchess county the father lives in Bronx.
I need help finding free legal assistance, I live in Queens but I signed a contract with a company that is set in new Jersey
The property is in Queens, I live in South Carolina. I am told I need A New York Attorney.
Her behavior is inappropriate and I fear for my life. Yes, I am in Brooklyn, ny
he lives in cortland currently and so do his foster parents
Have a situation with my college student son who attends school in Los Angeles
Many many thanks I will definitely read and then Will investigate equivalent for Georgia
the state of NY sent me a bunch of documentation with my rent history but it's not cut and dry or easy to understand
I live in Brooklyn ny coney island
Is that link for legal aid groups or NYS attorney general's office
i live in orange county .  I think they are doing it over the phone
One party moved with the child to NY from Ohio, where the parents had been living together and raising their child.
I don’t know ! It’s the office in Hempstead
It's not a child it's an adult and they live in New Rochelle
What are the steps? My mom resides in Queens New York
they live in Florida most of the year, they never stay with me and I have barely seen them in years.
I have not tried either number.  I'll give both a shot, starting with the NYC Criminal Court Call Center.  Thank you.
I was looking for a pro bono lawyer in Sullivan county New York the property was in hankins New York
We lived in Brooklyn which I believe is in Kings County
in my case I dont know my husband from 10 years where he is/  we live in USA from 6 years with green card
The kids reside with me I still live in New York
Basically, about 3 years ago  moved to New York and I didn't have much time to finalize things because it was a very quick move
That web site ? An it’s in Rochester ny
I'm in the USA new york new york 10032
i believe it was in Manhattan she live on 125 and broadway
My apartment is in Geneva, NY, in Ontario County
Think it’s Queens County legal aid but I’m not sure
we live in Clifton park New York. Chloe lives with her mom most of the time I’m Schenectady NY.
Me and my son ;live in Brooklyn, NY . His father is in Philadelphia, PA
we spoke about Bronx and Virginia with a meet point in Delaware and harassments occurring outside the home states and inside
My father lives in Queens and the girlfriend lives in Brooklyn
Yes. I’m in St. Lawrence county.
My childrens mother lives in Westchester county
I am not from New York, so I'm not familiar with the agencies and licensing requirements.
also I’m flexible between Bronx Brooklyn and Manhattan in reference to the resources
New York City is very far and then also my case is in Westchester Court
my daughters home state is NY and she has lived in NY alll her young life. 1.5 years +
In Rockland Cty. However the main office is in Manhattan
i live in Bklyn NY I use to work in NYC ...I retired in 1997 ... My first time trying to get my pension.
yes hello im am 14 years old my mom put me in south west keys i dont know if you are familiar with the program
I was born in kings county Brooklyn my mother never was married
i live in Sullivan County but i have no faith in the lawyers with in this county
It started in 2014, we koved back to New York which is where me and my current husband grew up in 2017
I need to file for child support, i reside in Suffolk county NY
My grandmother lives in New York county, thats where the case would take place correct?
The grandmother went to onondaga court that's the county the baby was born in
I need the address for the free legal advice in Queens county I’m not sure where it is
the location is New York City Brooklyn
Not sure if my message went through. I don't live in Brooklyn. Brooklyn is just where the situation occured. Would it matter?
Of course. My son has lived with me for the past 2 1/2 years and his mother lives in Texas.
also, she's 85 years old and lives in Virginia.
The child is 7 months, and was born in brooklyn (kings), but the mother took her to troy ny about 7 weeks ago
Yes. She lives in the Bronx.  Father lives in Virginia
My grandmother stays with me but also stays with my mom in long island
Yes I live in Erie county NY
I’m in the United States, Bronx New York
I live in Columbia county , my ex wife /daughters mother lives in dutchess  and that's where she filed.
Oh yes the aunt case I live in ky
Ok also would like to mention I live in Florida my case is in new York where my ex lives
Thanks the kids where adopted  in the bronx and now I am living in PA and my mom live in seminole county in florida
Bronx New York but the case is in Queens
yes because they were living in NY an I’m just finding out today
Hi my name is coyretta Durant i have 5 kids in acs my cases is in jay st Brooklyn NY
but the house is in Nanuet Ny which is in Rockland sounty
Myself, my mother, my sister and myself (all residing in different counties)
Ok I got married and Staten Island
I live in South Carolina and would love to hear his voice.
I live in Chicago,but since July 12th I am in Staten Island with my daughter at my mother in laws house
We are legally married still but I will be going to Washington when the virus permits and taking him
how can that happen if she lives in South Carolina and I live in Georgia
my father live in usa 23 year
and I am currently in NY,with my child at my mother in laws house
and Do I understand correctly that this is only for Queens? What about Brooklyn residents?
Yes, thx for that info, I was thinking of calling SCU, since we both live in seperate states other then New York.
Court have everything on him I need a date r go back home to Atlanta how long
I’m near central islip and bay shore bayport
Oh ok so even if I live in Suffolk they can help me? As I see they are in nyc
The rual people are the other but their way up in Lake Placid let's try Greene County please
he was not working full time job, he studied for Ny bar exams and i was supported him in some way
I live in Manhattan.  Looking for a legal aid office. I'm on 155th st and Amsterdam ave.
yes.  I live in Bethlehem in Hanover Township, Pa.
I've lived there since 2012 and I took over from my father and step mom who lived there from 2007
I had no idea NY's age was 21.  School teachers her in Arizona don't make a lot of money.
Hi there, I'm a European citizen and i live illegally in new york for almost 5 years
Yes mother and child are in staten island and my son is in North Carolina
I live in Ogdensburg New York so which one should I call
sir my father  live in new york city you help my father
I’m in New York and they’re located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida
Is that 4 new York City or bflo ny
Do you have representative who is oriented in both law New York and Canada.
I was told that there are no housing attorneys in Steuben County or Livingston County where I lived in the apartment at
She is in Connecticut. Could she leave with her daughter if she calls 911.
He is from Louisiana and he lives in Louisiana. Do you know if a site that can help us if this one cant
where it asks the childs current address i would put that she is currently with her mother down in rockland county?
I live in Binghamton, which is also where my daughter resides and goes to school and the other parent lives in Bronx
A residential property i inspected in South Carolina.
I live in a apartment. I'm disabled and in a wheelchair. I live in the Binghamton housing authority building In Binghamton
there are in the United States and they are 16 and 8 years old
new york, New York - Manhattan
Do you know which ones better and I’m able to do it online if it’s for North Carolina
No I live in long Island its a private house
How do I file and were do I go 4 visitation 4 my daughter in the bronx  live in new Jersey
the client lives in st. albans queens
Okay. I had greencard for 10 years and I am in Brooklyn
I have not yet.  I am in Indiana, and here, we are able to pull up such documents online.  I can call them.
I usually work at an autistic  kid house and when the pandemic closed schools his mom sent him to Florida I was out of work
I live in Montgomery County and she lives in Herkimer County
I need help in completing these papers and he was a paternity test. He doesn't have much money to work with to hire a lawyer
oh okay I live in Long Island City, Queens
ok.  She live in Ithaca New York.  We are actually veterans and the apartment is being paid by the GI Bill.
i am in florida living now , and it’s to hard for me to do this process
I'm from New York. I looked for one
Also I think this online company originated in Delaware but I’m not sure since there is no address
Yes, I am writing on behalf of my brother and his family that lives in Newark NY.
I understand that this is the LGBT bar association of NY. Right?
Her permanent address is now North Carolina not New York
Would you have the address for county New York .. my case was in Manhattan
Hello I living in Wyoming county and my Grandson lives in Steuben County
I'm a immigrant,but have not get the green card and citizenship yet
i am in Orange County and my spouse is in Bronx. Can I file in Orange County ?
hello, i'm looking for some information.   i live now in rockland county, but the case i'm researching happened in ulster county. does that matter?
neither of those are remotely close to Watertown, NY, which is where I need the lawyer to be.
Suffolk, NY is where my case is but I’m in Polk County Florida
yes please! and yes the co-op rental is in manhattan
i live in brooklyn and work in manhattan. much of my anxiety is the hour plus commute into work
when he turns 18 y o  , since I live in New York State , what are my responsibilities as a parent
I was the executor for my parents in Buffalo NY. IM familiar with that job. My question is, and I think the answer is NO,
thx, i live in California which is part of the problem, don't know any attorneys in buffalo, am willing to pay for the help
Plus he dont have a address be bounces from state to state and i dont want my child to leave oneida county
I lived in LaGrangeville at my brother law house
I’m from Delaware and they’re in New York. Will that still be ok
Ok I will by the way I live in Brooklyn Coney Island area
And it doesnt matter that I havent been working in the US for 5 years?
I'm looking for a lawyer/ attorney located in watertown ny area to help with legal advice.. or maybe help with case.
I’m not married or not dating no one. I’m a single mother
Also will the lawyer have to be from Ny or can one work in Missouri
with al the details,because I find this quite complicated with the states
I live in Queens New York, I can go the any attorney or organization in Queens, Manhattan and brooklyn
thank you because i was told that because the case is in orange county i couldnt get a lawyer here from legal aid
also deaf 100 percent 1 ear about 70 in other coukld not do balance test  has no way ever able to unless holding walker
I live in New Jersey but the case is in the Bronx.
Thank you . Mother is actually in another state and the child is here in New York living with friends
yes im safe and now living in florida
My children are here with me in North Carolina since June 21st
they get and my grandson live in Washington county
got it, and I do this even if my employer is based in NYC?
The child is 7 months, she lived in brooklyn for 6 months and now she is in Troy Ny
Their application does not coincide with the federal law regulations
Outside I live in Upstate NY- Troy(city)
Can my wife take my children from ny to Texas to live? We are still legally married and living together.
I live in California are you still able to give me advice/
and my Lieutenant friend here in New York City told me that something is not right here
he is temporarily in North carolina we lived in the same household up unil 7\15\19
I don’t want them having no legal rights we supposed to be moving to North Carolina next month
I currently live in Pennsylvania,  I was in queens county
Biological mother and my stepfather in New York City
I’m currently going to school in South Carolina. My child and his mother live in Nassau county
and I have two suits against me in New York Civil Courts
Hi. If im living in montgomery county and my kids are with their father in kings county, where should a case be opened up?
Ooh ok, one of the properties is in Delaware, is there info I can get about that
The website gives the name but not the email address: http://ww2.nycourts.gov/courts/9jd/Westchester/whiteplains.shtml
I am visiting New York , However my abuser lives in NewYork I need to register my out of state order of protection in Newyork
is in 111 Dr. Martin Luther king Jr white plains
They both have mental and physical related issues. Living in housing project in Manhattan.
for child custody, yes.  Our home is in NC.
We went to the lab that the State of NY uses
I am in quarantine in italy for a classical singing engagement that will not occur until next weekend (October 16-18, 2020)
Is that legal he went to high school in USA?
