There isn't a suit yet and I would be bringing it against them because they committed fraud.
I have a debt that has gone into judgement with the state of ny attorney general from a college that I believe is invalid
I want to do everything legally because she is capable of accusing me of false things since there is no reconciliation
I need help with a possible sharing of private information that may have been defamation and invasion of privacy  and  from my employer.
They tried to persue fraud however the statute of Loma had passed. Is tgere assistance with identity theft and mortgage fraud
I need an attorney to help me sue a consumer bank for fraudulent charges
I know this whole thing is a hoax for federal funding
My child support arrears amount is based on fraud information from mother.
she keeps calling the police and child services on me and I keep being investigated due to her false allegations
Any recommendation on construction fraud in Albany  NY that works on contingency
Now after calling tons of time on the 24/01/20 my luggage was send to new York which is a lie
STEALING MY IDENTITY FORGING MY SIGNATURE AND CLAIMING MY CAR ACCIDENT IS A CRIME
Something needs to be done they lie to their attorney and he believes them.
this person is using my picture name and posting things about me making false accusation
the mother is using the x marriage as leverage to abuse the father
I'm trying to figure out what kind of support I need to seek for an identity theft claim that has been denied by a bank.
I  have a client who has reported to me that someone is using her SSN. She needs a manhattan based pro-bono lawyer
She’s telling everyone false statement about me
I need help to file a police report my identity theft  my identity has been stolen
I want to sue a co-worker for painting me in a false light to our boss. He almost got me fired.
My husband has filed a false child abuse case against me.
I need help to get a criminal attorney
WRONG FUL TERMINQATED , FALSE ACCUSED
I have a question can I get order protection against someone who has made false accusations ?
she neglected to send parts that prove I am not racist and is creating a picture to aid her own agenda/ witch hunt against me
Hi I need a lawyer for defamation of character
could you help me find an attorney that deals with identity theft?
BUT IN SMALL COURT THEY TOOK AN IMPOSTER POSING TO BE ME
AND SAY MY INJURIES HAPPENED NOW BECAUSE THE SSA EMPLOYEES ARE INVOLVED WITH THIS FABRICATION AND FRAUDS
Yes, I can not legally do anything. I cannot get ID, I have been living  under  false Identity
Hi I’m being sued and trying to find out why.  my Identity was stolen last year  to
child protective services bribed my step-child earlier today just to get false information
There was this woman who work for Saint Peter’s who illegally access to my medical records
How do I go about reporting someone for immigration Fraud? My husband, Ivan Dudnik fogged his visa to illegally ent the United States
Wanna file a small claim against someone
I need help with my wife’s DSS case. She’s being accused of welfare fraud but it’s impossible.
I was reported as fraud, and my bank locked my account
My bank refuse to pay fraudulence charges on my card.....its been more than 4 months
I need a lawyer to get a copy of my april 3 1982 imposter made claim
But actually I am not make that fraud at all... I don' t even know the people who connected with me
i was falsely accused of harrasement by a co worker
And ifni should just keep claiming nothing iv done i feel is fraud i told them I qwite
trying to find help with identity theft
Someone said they seen my face in the news envloving credit card fraud but I don’t participate in that kind of activity
Slander Libel. this lady from wayne county is sladering me all over online and making up a LOT of lies about me and my family
Is there anyway I can get him deported? He is a fraud who tricked me into bringing him into this country.
Which  court deals with  fraud in Yonkers ny
Someone made a false claim to acs about abused children and I want to know what can I do about it
Now they want the extra money and I'm not giving them anything I have proof that this is fraud
I need for sex abuse and money  fraud
I have messages proving cheating in the marriage. I want to know if I can use them for alimony.
the court of claims deny my claim  stating that I did not had an expert witness , and my claim was on a contamp
There’s someone in my house who has been prostituting and using illegal drugs.
This is identity theft, and using my personal  information with false pretense.
Plus he gave false information regarding his income
I’m looking to see what I can do if someone keeps making false allegations against me
The Mortgage was found to be fraudulent in 2015 by the US Federal Agency.
I want to against him for the fraud on my medical bill, it caused my credit lose on this medical lien
its says bur of fraud investigation and it says notice of decision on your medical asst
I need someone to help my 13 year old son. With a deceive who  is trying to arrest my child for a rape crime
the police dont give me a REPORT TO TAKE THEM TO CRIMINAL COURT FOR FABRICATIONS AND THEFTS
I want to subpoena the false claim my Agent did
Basically I’ve been arrested for something that is false information
Need a agency or someone with authority to request my Id
Referral for identity theft and spousal support
The individuals who used it against me did so to discredit my allegations.  Because of this, it is difficult for me to be taken seriously.
She started making false accusations about my son.
The case was already closed sure. But is there something we can do against to false report?
I have been scammed by two macbook Airs through PayPal by sending me a fake email
This is a false case of which I have evidence but need help representing myself.
Well my mother is creating allegationsthat I am becoming aware of
I need help with ssdi denial claim
My older children who I share joint custody has made some false claims on my husband
