I have a court dateon the 31 of January at housing court in Brooklyn. But I need a lawyer to represent me.
How do I get a representative to represent me in a court case
I really would like to find legal representation of some kind through these resources
i had a pro bono lawyer whose wife was a friend of mine but he no longer is willing to represent me
OK YOU DIDN'T HELP ME I NEED FREE LEGAL REPRESENTATION ON THE COURT DATE !!!!
I want to continue but I’m doing my self as representation at the court
Is there someone who represents the bar association for the state of ny
Can I represent my son in a supreme court case?
Can you help me find the lawyer paper form to have someone represent me?
A real bad tragedy has happened with my three month year old son I've been looking for somebody to represent me
I need help finding out who represented me in court yesterday
I really need help and looking for a legal aid to represent me with the matters that I am facing
totally that is why it's hard to figure out who should represent us
I understand you do not provide legal representation. I need a starting point I guess.
I really need a lawyer to represent on my side
I can't be involved with the next step. She has to advocate for herself once I establish a resource.
Hello. I want to know if I can get a free lawyer to represent my grandparents on a case.
Does the second option provide representation in court?
I need a lawyer to represent me for an unemployment appeal
yes I will need legal representation that is free to help with my situation
Okay, I will try them. Is there any more legal help advocate for women and children?
we don't have one - ive represented myself during the hearings
i don't represent Amy Cooper or anything
do they have attorneys who represent people in such cases?  i am disabled, low income, my experience with them is they don't do representation
I do not feel like I'm being properly represented and I like to change my representative
what are you able to do?  Where can I find someone to represent me for free?
Hi! I need someone to represent me on my court date since I have low income.
I NEED TO KNOW THE LAWYER THAT REPRESENTED ME BACK THEN
Ok. I am willing to represent myself. I need help with forms
otro abogado quien me pueda representar?
lookIng for someone to help represent my husband on jail base charges
And in terms of the counsel that could represent him in business matter?
should i get an attorney to represent me in child support
i hope you can give me answers to defend my case
I Made an account for people without representation
I think I can represent myself but I don’t want to be wrong
Someone that will take the time to talk to me and can represent me on the 9th of September at schoharie town court
NYLAG. and BLS cannot represent me in Nassau County. This is so frightening. Thank you
I am aware of this new act of 2019, can I get someone to offer free legal representation
I cannot do this, since I am already representing the parent, client
I am looking for help finding an attorney that can represent me in a divorce
need to act on behalf of my elderly mother in financial matters
And I am currently under the age of 18 and will not be able to represent him in court.
I need anyone to represent him for  a civil lawsuit for a criminal matter. He has a criminal lawyer but not a civil one
I am need of pro bono legal representation if possible for custody
Is there anyone who does provide free legal representation?
I need a lawyer to represent in family court
I’m looking to find someone to represent me at little to no cost
the legal aid that represented my husband name is jay blumenfeld
Representing my self , very new to the whole thing
I don't think my nonprofit has an account, and we're not representing the person
I understand, will  i be able to get legal representation from you guys
Is there one that will provide representation pro bono?
No need to apologize! We will reconvene as a group soon.
im planning on handling this matter through self representation
I am looking for legal advise and hopfully legal representtion
one is already providing representation but very biased
I'm looking for a free attorney to represent me in a family court case
My husband needs representation he’s at Rikers island
I have a court date how can I get someone to represent me
Yes only those organizations which can represent clients in court
yes i agree i just need information not looking for representation
Thank you for the information but I would like to represent  myself at least inthe first face to face
I was pro-se and had a legal aid to represent the kids
And where can he find a free lawyer to represent  him in family court
No that's ok I can go back to manhattan legal Services who represented me in 2011.  they will know.  Thanks!
I’m looking for someone to represent me in an unemployment hearing
i want to make sure that he is accurate before obtaining him to represent me
I am, even just for a consultation.  Any where I can find how to defend myself in this administrative hearing
Labor union refuses to represent my grievance
Im looking for the form for a lawyer to represent me in the case
I am speaking on behalf of my mother who is looking for someone to represent her on a court hearing.
But the other part of me wants to hold him accountable and fight for my son
