I wanted to know how can I get a copy of acknowledgements of paternity
What would happen if I was not the biological father, and I showed that I acknowledged paternity under duress
Hello I'm trying to file a vacate acknowledgement of paternity but can't find the form on the site
Quiero divorciarme y también cambiar el apellido de mi hija paterno
where do i go to get a copy of a signed acknowledgment of paternity?
How can I, who lives in GA, sign the acknowledgement of paternity if I am not in NY?
Hi can, someone file for patenrity if the mother is marrid?
Paternity was established but the non custodial parent never resided in NY
Hello! Can you tell me how I can request a copy of an Acknowledgement of Paternity from NYC DOH?
Could I sign the Acknowledgement of Paternoty electronically or over the phone give permission?
I fil out the form for paternity on the law help website. Does those forms go to the courts automatically
I am legally separated but still married. When I had the baby they said he couldn’t sign the acknowledgement of paternity
im not sure if staying that there is no relationship would compel the court to do paternity...?
This is about a shared property that is to be sold or buy out. the settlement has a due date - which is coming up.
so even after establishing paternity if the girls mother doesn't let my son see his child that would be another case?
Is it possible to obtain and sign an acknowledgement  of Paternity form online? I’m currently out of the United States.
i saw this page but i cannot find the form i need to use to apply for a copy of my paternity acknowledgement
solo tiene este documento de paternidad que firmo en el hospital
I found a paternity motion about two months ago and I still haven't heard anything about
i am trying to get a copy of my paternity form
Can a mother receive a document stating that she has physical sole custody without the paternity of a child’s father?
Hello, what forms do I need in order to file for paternity ?
even though iam a mother of cititizenship childern
I need to obtain a blank voluntary acknowledgment of paternity form
he is with his possible father no paternity has ever been acknowledged
Hi I need to file acknowledgment of paternity forms
I need to file an initial custody case for my 4  year old.  Paternity is established.  can I do this on-line.
I need help in filing proof of paternity
Ok. The father has a paternity of our first son, does that mean anything with this situation?
Can I sign the “acknowledgment of paternity”
no I didn't file.yet I mean the acknowledgement of paternity
Im looking for paternity information that would waive the presence of the  spouse
If the unmarried child is taken care of by the mother from birth to now, will custody be awarded to the father or mother?
I just have a question is it possible for a father to sign an acknowledgement of paternity in a different state from the mother?
Social security needs me to establish paternity in order to process my son's entitlement.
if another person signed an acknowledgement for paternity
I need to establish paternity on a deceased person.
HI CHARLES....i am looking for paternity form
hello, I am unmarried and recently gave birth using donor sperm from a cryobank   I woyod like to establish paternity for my spouse.
The mother has not bonded with child in several weeks since birth
my dad already filled out the acknowledgement of paternity
No, there is also no acknowledgement of paternity but court is in the near future
they didnt even take into consideration that i was pregnant when they first made the order
I’m trying to obtain a acknowledgment of paternity form ?
I am unmarried and have been ordered to take a paternity test. I am willing to acknowledge paternity. The mother did not show for court
How do I obtain a copy of an acknowledgment of paternity form
Yes I am a parent and no there is no order in place nor has there ever been.
prenatal paternity was conducted on 5/18, the signed notary was on 5/21
How long does the Acknowledgment of Paternity process take?
Morning i know who my son father is but he is mot doing nothing caused paternity wasn't made.
Hi I was wondering where I can find the form to order a copy of acknowledgement of paternity
The UN declared birth control a basic human right in 2014
im trying to find how to get a copy of my childs Acknowlegment Of Paternity
she been in flordia since she wasa born on may 5,2020
I want to know if an acknowledgment of paternity (AOP) ça be revoked. If so, what is the process?
when she does give birth and if my son is permitted to go to hospital should he sign the acknowledgement of paternity?
How can I optain a copy of a acknowledgment of paternity form
Hi, can someone file for paternity if the mother is married?
She says she is because she has a declaration of incapacity, poa and hcp.
i get no respoernse except generic ones through the portal
I want to go back to my maiden name
Not married. Couple month relationship. Papers just had paternity established but how?
do I need to appear in person for acknowledgement of paternity in NY?
I am looking for the form to vacate acknowledgement of paternity
i guess my question is if i can somehow get my rights even though paternity has not been established
hi the page for complete the form by paternity is dont work
one is for paternity and second one is for custody
he has none. I've had my nephew since birth. Maternity was never established
Disculpa tenía la corte. En mayo sobre la petición de paternidad
The Father signed the acknowledgment of paternity at the hospital
I need a paternity form from.  my son already born who for some reasons was not recognized by his father
I had a baby recently the father wants nothing to do with the baby at all I want paternity
