I was checking to see if I can still use my security deposit to pay for rent?
if the landlord took over one month to refund security deposit and did not include interest - what is my recourse?
Can a land lord ask for first month last month rent plus security deposit?
My landlord refusing to return my security deposit
I need information about security deposit laws
so basically I signed a lease and put down the security deposit without actually seeing it
I saw something the gov coma said security deposit could help pay rent owed
Can a landlord charge more then the rent on a security deposit?
I need to get my security deposit from my previous land lord or room mate
Legally, does a tenant on a month-to-month lease have to give 30 days notice to receive their full security deposit back?
I am considering signing a lease but I have concerns about the legality of the security deposit as it is equivalent to two months rent
and now he'd like me to pay for april AND to keep the security deposit so he can simply switch a name on the lease
Ok thank. Our we ok thought considering that she has my July rent and security deposit and we've never received a certificate letter
Hello I have a few questions about getting my security deposit returned
I'm looking for legal advice on getting my security deposit back
Thank you. Also I have a question regarding the security deposit of 1875 having been transferred over to the new owner.
Can you tell me if it is legal for a security deposit on an apartment to be nonrefundable?
Yes.  I'm just interested in security deposit laws where I live before I move forward
I did it and paid 200$ for lock repair. I have receipt and photo and video proof that problem was inside lock.
Hi, I'm wondering how I can go about filling a small claims case against my previous landlord for my security deposit
So next week when I go back out I'll get a check and make a deposit
That didn't help..I need a number or something not no website that explains a security deposit
I stated that as per most lease agreements  their is a first last and security deposit
I have a question about getting my security deposit back from my former landlord. Would you be able to help with the legality of things?
Need help trying to get a security deposit back
I have a question about getting my security deposit back
I just want the landlord to just take my security deposit and let me leave and not take me to court
I said when family friend moved in...im sure she gave first last and security deposit
I rented an a room in manhatten paid first month and security deposit have receipt.
Hello, I have a question regarding tenant/landlord security deposit. Is that something you could possibly help me with?
I thought the new law says they can't ask for a security deposit? Also can she deny me if I don't meet her income requirements
How long does my old la lord have to return my security deposit if I vacate the space?
when I inquired about security deposit  they didn't want that in writing
Hi! I moved into my apt in nyc before the new tenant laws that changed what was allowed for a security deposit.
i'm looking for someone that can help me get my security deposit back and backpay from water bills i've been paying over the years
Issues concerning a landlord returning the deposit
How long does a tenant have to wait for return of security deposit
That would be helpful I’m just concerned with all the new covid rules what it means for security deposit specifically
I was given your info from the office of civil justice.  I need legal help with an illegal sublet and return of my security deposit.
Could you help me find free legal services for security deposit return issues?
is it legal to charge a security deposit over the set rent amount
She is trying to deduct my security deposit for small, petty matters. I just want to know my rights.
my previuos landlord doesn't want to return my deposit of $1,570.00.
A few months ago I can't go in to my appartment because key stacked in lock
I read about the reasons to keep a security deposit but those don't really apply to this situation
Hello, I didn't got my full deposit back from landlord.
The person I signed lease with is trying to keep my security deposit
My landlord has neighbors facing their security cameras on my trailer.  I have cameras on me at every moment
Yes what are my rights as far as foreiting my half of the security desposit just let him keep the apartment
yep, former landlord keeps extending the date in which they will return my deposit
I was wondering if you could offer my roommates and I some clarification regarding a question we have about our security deposit
My landlord wants to evict me for not repaying  security deposit
will I be able to get back all my deposit myself or do I need an attorney?
So if I sign into a new lease she technically has to give me back my security deposit right
If i break my lease, can my landlord keep my security deposit?
the security deposit should of cover first last and dep
I know the new law states landlords have 14 days to return the full security deposit or partial deposit with an itemized list
I also asked for the amount given as a security deposit
I moved in august 1st he accepted security deposit.
Rental housing deposit and lease signing
I'm looking to figure out how to deal with an issue of a previous landlord refusing to return my security deposit
Hi! I'm from LawNY. Do you know anything about getting a safe deposit box from a bank?
I have a question regarding getting my security deposit back from my former landlord
I have a property manager who will not return a $400 security deposit as promised.
and he had initially agreed over the phone to withhold my security deposit as rent for april
The 30 day notice is up on a storage shed is it legal for me to padlock it an claim it for my own
I believe the mayor has asked landlords to be flexible in accepting security deposits as rent
can I get my sercurity deposit back from 2012 if I have documents from tenant court
Can I have resources to take my landlord to court for security deposit
when I moved in I paid a 2 month security deposit
I understand that a security deposit is not rent but I also understand in NY 2 months security is also not allowed
