I need help. I'm not sure what form to get for visitation
iI would like visitation rights with my 7 year old daughter
in fact he has had 2 visits in fourteen months
Need visitation in order to c my daughter
Hello, how can i get assistance with changing my visitation rights
Hello I want to find out how do I get shared custody and visitation for my 5 yr old
i want visitation right so I can be able to see my daughter
We do too, thank you, and we realise the only way to get to see them is through a legal visitation order
Nobody has been exposed and the parents have been allowing visitation up until today
Thanks and you said go to ny court first for. Visitationn issue?
i would like to go to court for custody  and visitation rights
i have a visitation order when do abandonment of order come into play
I need help finding a lawyer for visitation rights
At some point there was a temporary order of visitations but that expired.
how can i go about getting visitation rights for my siblings
I wanted to know grandparent rights to visitation
how can i go about getting visitation for the father of my children because it
i have the right for visits but i’m trying to have the visits in public
I would like to go to court and get visitation rights
Is there a form that would allow visitation to be honored by a foster parent?
My brother has visitation rights every saturday 10am -6 pm
Okay. And how about visitation? His father refuses to let him visit for the summer. Will I have to wait for that as well?
I’m a non-custodial Parent, looking to get visitation for my 17 year old daughter.
hello i want to know what i need to get visitation rights for my child
I need help getting visitation right for my daughter
I already have a visitation order in place and to is not being followed what are my options
Need a lawyer to help me get visitation
I would like to talk to someone in terms os visitation guidelines during this pandemic
I need a legal aid for family court for my visitation rights
I would like visitation rights with my 7 year old daughter
I have an temporary visitation order that it was until april 7
The visitation order has been in place since my son was 4yrs old
I would to find a free of charge Lawyer to help me get visitation rights to see my son...
I’m looking to get visitation rights for my daughter. How do I go about doing that?
I would like to have visitation for the father of my kids and i would like to know how can i go about that
As he is going to be far, not sure how the visitation are going to work
Hey I just need help finding a lawyer to help me with visitation for my kids
I need assistance on how to efile my visitation modification request
How can I get a court date for visitation rights
his father has an order for visitations since 2016
Okay. Do we have to figure out visitation now? Can we just figure that out between us?
Visitation order for 1st time in Queens
I am from Massachusetts and a visitation was put in place it is not being followed my children live in NY
I only have visitation once a week every two weeks
How do I schedule a mediation to come up with a visitation order
Yes I have an order of visitation and expire last year.
I’m looking for some information in regard to visitation rights for my daughter
Not seeing them I need the application for visitation till the court dateJuly 27
I have a visitation case and since the court is closed I don’t know what to do
Would I still have to enter some sort of visitation?
do you happen to know what kind of stuff I need to be able to stop the visitation?
I'm tryung to find out if there 8s a way to get grandparent visitation rights in nys
I know it was determined that I stay away for 3 years. And I would have to go through the courts to get visitation etc
I need help finding a lawyer to help me with visitation for my kids
I need a legal aid lawyer to help with my visitation rights to my 2 kids
I need to know the policy with visitation during covid19
All set for now am waiting for the visitor survey please
I wanted to know how do I go about taking my baby father to court for visitation
I need visiting Rights to see My Kids the Mother is not Allowing me to see them
We want to know how to get reasonable visitation
Yes i live in a different state i would like to know if i can still get visitation outside of nyc
I need legal help for visitation with my son
She basically just told me there will be visits and covid will not be considered.
Therapeutic visits as in I have two 1 hr visitation sessions scheduled a week with my children, and a therapist is present during those visitations.
I will be going to court for a visitation order and would like to know if my son or I will have legal representation
Yes with rights to still h as ve visitation
Hi sorry, quick question -do you know which article the peittion for visitation by father would fall under
how long it will take to get visitation rights
good morning I would like to inquire about an issue I have with visitation.
i need help on how to open a case on visitation Rights
