no,  i mean the divorce was filed at Westchester county
Hi Ron, i am living out of the country and need to get a divorce and the defendant still lives in the USA
Jason, my husband and I divorced and final in January of  2019.
The Father prior to the divorce had another child to another woman, (caused the divorce)
Is mutual he said  he would give me the divorce.
I need information how to get a free divorce but we have a child together under18
We are not legally separated but divorce has been filed, and the court has recognized us being separated
My husband filed a divorce, it was unsigned. Do we have to live separately for 1 year before divorce is granted?
Where do I file online for a free lawyer for a divorce and custody I have no income
Do you know if the civil Supreme Court is open to file divorce
I would like to file for divorce from my husband, he is not contesting. We have three underage children
so I could go ahead and file for divorce without filing for custody right now?
I want to file for custody for my Child, my wife and I are separated
I know that I only wanted to know about the sworn affidavit to get a no fault divorce.
later we decided to get divorced since he start dating with woman and right now he lives in US Connecticut State with his new girlfriendn
I would like to file for a separation, and need to find a sample form.  All  found was for a divorce
i filed divorce in New York county Supreme Court.
Hi, I wanted to know if my ex wife violated our divorce decree can I bring her back into court
Looking to review with counsel’s assistance regarding a previously filed divorce settlement.
what’s the phone number to call to confirm if the court is open to file a divorce
my mother and her husband agrees to file a divorce
Good day, how do I find out if my estranged husband filed for divorce
my husband didnt care about the kids last two years we were separated. He only started caring when i filed for divorce
Kansas, parents were married in illinois, and divorce was finalised in california.
I am filing for divorce and want to receive child support from my wife
I had went to a divorce attorney because I wanted to divorce my husband
I was married to guy and have 2 kids then we got separated
Looking for a divorce.  One child between us.  Husband is in state prison.
Also how do I  file for divorce ? I think my wife made me buy this house because she is definetly sleepin with my cousin
im going through a divorce and my wife doesnt want to split custody
Hi, I'm looking to file divorce (though we're unmarried however share a child) and I'm looking for full custody
Want to file a no fault divorce. My wife doesn't want to sign. What can I do
I would like to file for a divorce.  I have sole legal and physical custody of my two children as of January 2019
For answer iam  no regrese but my husband put the divorce mutual is ñor true
Hi my daughter is turning 21 on April 23 and have a basic divorce agreement
Hello, i need a pro Bono lawyer who can help me file for divorce from an abusive spouse
My hus divorced me 4 monthß ago.i have no money and am on social security
good morning - my ex-wife and i were married in NY in 2000. We are currently living overseas in Israel and were divorced legally here.
Where do I find the form? And this is if I have a divorce stipulation correct?
I also need a copy of a divorce agreement
I need to file for a divorce. Can I do everything online? Both are service members no legal ties no children
how can i get the copy of my divorce stipulation of my settlement for new york
Can you get full custody of a child if you’re still married to the father but I have been separated for four years
I'm looking for the language that needs to be provided to authorize a defendant to file an uncontested divorce
i filed spousal visa and it was denied too because my divorce to my ex wife was not finalized until 2015
Hello, I’m low income and I need divorce lawyer since my wife filed for divorce and sent me the notes
yes monroe county, i wanted to know if I had to be legally separated before I can file for a divorce
what form do i use to file that type of divorce?
I would like to divorce my wife. We have custody papers all taken care of already. How can I file for divorce on DIY Forms?
I want custody of my daughter and a divorce from my wife cause she cheated how do I go about that
How can I know what would be best, an anullment or a divorce? I have been married only 5 months
the divorce was granted in Onondaga county NY
I need to file a divorce, I’m living here in Queens NY and my wife is in TN
That office couldnt help me because divorce is not a family court proceeding
I need the link for  paper work for filing for a divorce when there’s a child involved and he’s incarcerated
I am looking to combine my divorce and custody as one.
How do I go about getting a divorce from my husband that is sentenced to 40 years in another state
My husband can not disagree with not divorcing because when I had my first child I was a minor.
Child support and we’re legally divorced he’s remarried
my wife + I have a legal separation for more than 5years, we have been in mediation since Jan 2019 and she refuses to move forward
No divorce never married. Through family court
No. Daughter in-law was married to my son they have divorced.
Can I file for.a legal separation myself at the court house
I want a separation. What do I do  if your partner  want leave especially  if he is broke
hello iam looking to file for divorce but can not seam to find the forms. We have kids under 18
I need a lawyer to file for a divorce and child custody
My ex didn't adhere to our divorce judgment
