Yes both would surely help.  Over the phone would be best as I have printed out forms necessary to file.
I’m on the web side where I have to go to. File the form?
I need the actual forms to file in court
I just need to know the types of forms i can file in this matter..
I need help in regards to choosing the right forms to file
Any help would be appreciated. I need to know what form to file with the court.
Do I still need to file a separate Contempt of Court form?
ok and would forms be there as well to file?
I need to know what paper work to file for contempt.
I was told that the file was not available to.me because it had been sealed for 100 years.
I was told to have two forms at GF 40 and an order to show cause
I already called I just need to file form I cant find the form
Can you tell me what form I file.  I don't see it in the articles
hi where in the website can I print out the form that I already file
Hi I filed something on December 24th seeing if their is a update on it
I’m looking for assistance with filing an article 78
looking to file an annulment and need help\
Okay. So do i do the form for 4-1 or a different one because were going for custofy
Looking for information on an article 78 that was filed
but the same day that i was late i filed a new order
But won't that require a file number. I have nothing but the names and address
Good morning i would like to know how to file for an order of affiliation
I got back on August 3rd. Do I have an option to file it?
Seeking to file public administration for small estate
We would like to file an order of filiation for our daughter
I was told to file a GF-40 and then someone else told me to file a GF-17
Can I file Gf-1 again together with GF-17. When I file GF-1
I need help to file for administration in the court, I dont know how to do it
i ni need to file a vioation of  petitipm order but cant figurre outhow
It says I need to file that along with the rji
ok. What form would I need to file and can it be done online?
How do I go about changing her name. What forms would I file?
sorry ment to put a away to file or get forms online to file for an order of protection
so I’m gonna file the order there
go back to the hospital and file a corrected form?
I would like to know  where can i get and what forms to file for legal
No I want to file an order do I go in person
i am not sure which form to use to file with the court can you please advise?
*assistance with filing an Article 78 motion
but this is where i filed my original petion which i need to AMEND. not really helping
If the mother's name on the order is false is that a legal grounds to file for modification
I am wanting to know how to file chapter 7
if i want to  file a new order how can i file
Hey . I want to know if I'm able to file for a refrain from order with a diy form if so which one ?
Thank you! I looked but could only find 2 forms that were for if you already have filed
okay but would you happen to know the specific form that need to be file.
so if the house is excluded from the definition of personal property, then i think i can file a small estate affidavit.
i need to know what forms do i need being after that i filed
I need help finding forms to file
I found a form labeled 4-1 I’m. It sure if it’s the proper form though
i went on the nycourts.gov website and cannot find the free forms to file
Hi, om looking for help to file a order of filiation
I need. File a order to show cause
I need to file on my x for him not following  the order
I need help filing a letter of administration
so the form doesnt need to be filed anywhere?
I'm looking for a legal office that provides assistance with Article 78s
I believe that is the start YES now I just need to find appropriate forms to file this time around.  THANK YOU!
yes. my biggest concern is filing the correct forms
Ok and what the name of the form I need to file
need to file for a court order not being  followed
Am I able to file this form online at all? Or should I bring it somewhere?
I need to become executor of my wifes estate.. what form do i file?
im not sure what all forms I need to file
That would be helpful, but where would she file the completed form?
I want an lawyer to help file my of status form
I am just starting. I did but I cannot file the order to show cause online
