Looking for a free lawyer that can help my fiance.
is there a number for a lawyer i can speak with for legal advice
I came yesterday because I need help to find a lawyer
I don't have a job so I am looking for an affordable lawyer.
Issues related to it I need a lawyer to go forward with the situation
I need to find a Medicaid lawyer who can help me to get Medicaid
I think my current lawyer for what it costs is not worth it
I have been having a hard time finding a lawyer the last couple days
looking for a lawyer that will help with work place harassment
I’m very sorry just needed to know if I needed a particular lawyer
Both. I am not sure if this is legal for them to do and if it's not I would like to speak with a lawyer.
Need a lawyer to look over the paper work and contract
I see. I just felt bad addressing my case with one lawyer and not moving forward with thier services.
I need help finding a lawyer for family court
it is ok. it is my stepson and daughter inlaw who needs  the lawyer for my 22 year grandaughter
Is there a tenant lawyer or any lawyer who I may be able to speak to?
Yes I need assistance with a free lawyer
I also need help find a legal aid lawyer
I have a lawyer, I am currently unemployed, I can still use this form?
Hi I am in need of an a lawyer for a upcoming court date on March 31
I need to speak to a lawyer about my childs saftey and what I should do
The only thing your able to help with is finding a lawyer right? According to the thing I had to say yes to?
Okay, you think I need to get a lawyer?
I appreciate all the consult, but I def. need a lawyer to advocate for me. I do not do well with public speaking
The website has a glitch that won't let me choose the type of    lawyer    I need...
We are thinking about getting married but I would like to consult with a lawyer to do things the right way
Helloi need free lawyer for my case
i can't find a lawyer that can represent me on time, I'm having trouble
I think it's best if l do talk to a lawyer . one that is probono if possible.
I tried to do a search for a lawyer but none came up
I'm looking for a free lawyer for bankruptba
I have a situation that I am seeking a pro bono lawyer or a lawyer that is familiar with the Justice Center
I would like to consult with a lawyer regarding my significant other
my friend got one.  Do I need a lawyer to get one?
sure i believe it is a civil rights lawyer
Hey we got disconnected I was looking for the lawyers to help with a veteran
I would like to get assistance in having a lawyer represent me in family court
I need a pro bono medical malpractice lawyer
i dont want her to but shes getting a lawyer
Hi I need help to change my 5 years old first name but I can't pay for lawyer
And if I end up having to go to court how do I go about getting a lawyer ?
Thank you appreciate it...is there a site I can chat with a lawyer about this?
Hi I'm looking for a lawyer im the tendent
superceding a current will dont know lawyer for current one
when i go to start, it takes me to a lawyer form. i just want to do it myself
hi i just have a question finding a lawyer on your website, i can't find harassment in the category
Do I get to speak to a lawyer live or just typing....??
I need to speak with a lawyer who is free help
I need a lawyer who can take this situation and make it better.
Hi, I am looking for free lawyer that will help me with my civil court case
Well I need to know how to get a lawyer I guess, for cheap or free
I am looking to find a lawyer to speak to you about my rights being denied for medical treatment regarding Covid
And the lawyer would have to stay outside correct
I need a free legal assistant. Lawyer
I need to speak to a lawyer who has correct knowledge
** please note, that these hours and extension may be incorrect.  For a lawyer, the following may be able to help:
i have a business civil case and need speak with a lawyer the does pro bono work
I have problems with my housing assistance and she said I have to get see with a lawyer
Forward my complaint to someone in the system who can get this lawyer looked into
Is easy to to apply myself, or would having a lawyer help?
hi, can you help me? I think I need a lawyer.
I just have a general question.  Not seek legal counsel at the moment
i'd like to request before the court date if possible so I can discuss with the lawyer
I know you cant act as my lawyer the pro bono one i have has done zip
I need a lawyer to deal with a case in prison
I just needed humans rights lawyers will take this case what will talk to me over about this case
YES I NEED HELP IN FINDING A LAWYER
hello, I am looking for a lawyer to represent me that works with
Okay. Would the bar association help me find a probono lawyer of needed
Yes that's fine i have a lawyer i just feel like this is taking too long
I am looking for lawyer to open new business
It was my ex spouses lawyer who also was the closing attorney
Do you think it is best for me to get a lawyer or is this going to be easy.
also they said they going to assign my son a lawyer, will i hear from lawyer before next date
and is it possible for us to get a lawyer to help and represent us in New Jersey
I need help finding a housing lawyer
Good morning. I'm looking for a lawyer who can give me advice on my current custody situation
Ill have to speak with my lawyer regarding this matter financially  thus I'm confident we'll discuss the fullest range of applicable topics
hi, can you help me? i think i need a lawyer.
We need a lawyer who can attend mediation meeting
it appears that I may need a lawyer but I an currently still unemployed, is that something you can help with?
just need some help with a family court lawyer to help me start myCase
Need to seal a record that was in 2003. Can I hire a lawyer to do it ? And where do I find that lawyer?
or if u can assign me a free lawyer please
i am on ssi so if I can talk to a lawyer for free it would be great, but it's probably not the case
I am just looking for a legal aide lawyer to represent me
no i probubly have to find out how to go after lawyer for wrong doing but get through all my help avenues first
i was wondering if i can please get help obtaining a lawyer
Ok no problem and  can i do that without a lawyer ? cause i dont have one
So im looking for a lawyer that can help me with this situation
Okay thank you I'll get ahold of that other site you you gave me for a lawyer
i wish we were able to give location cause you could find a lawyer near us
I want  a letter from a lawyer to give to a company can a lawyer do that for me
I don’t have a lawyer, I’m clean I want to get my daughter back
The barrister who says he is dealing with my girlfriend is a James herm
I need happy tryin to get a lawyer
I really need to talk with a lawyer please and thank you
I understand that -what I want to know is -is it legal to use 1 lawyer
i need help for a lawyer who work in commercial litigation please
I think I need a harassment’s lawyer ASAP.
he has a lawyer, but i am unable to get in touch with him or get him to help in anyway
I just want to know if it is legal to use 1 lawyer
I am looking for a lawyer to represent my boyfriend in suite against the shelter he is staying in
Ahh I see. Going through a lawyer first may be the best course of action at this point?
hi, can you help me, i think i need a lawyer
Hi, I want to know the hotline to request a pro bono lawyer
yes I will need a lawyer because I want sole custody fo my kid
What I need is a lawyer familiar with this type of issue
Ok I can do this through online and does this take me through the process of seeing if I can get free/low cost lawyer?
I am looking for representation from a lawyer for up an coming trial next month
I need my lawyer to present i need my phone
we have 3 kids together. I don't think he will disagree with anything but I still want a lawyer
i have no money for a lawyer it’s it possible to apply without a lawyer
where can I contact for a free court appointed lawyer
i wanted to know if the lawyers are for people with low income are they free
Can u find a lawyer that can attend the appeal for me
My ex is hiring a lawyer to take my daughter away I want to get a head start on it before he does
So but they will help to get a lawyer at lost cost
Eric should want to know if he should hire a lawyer?  What should I say?
I need to find some one that will come.to court and be my lawyer ,
I need a lawyer!  But I do n’t have the money to hire a lawyer
My son has court date but need lawyer for myself
so can u help me find a lawyer near me
0n the NY AG site they don't recommend Lawyers
Will it be best to get married or consult with a lawyer first
Looking for lawyer for a criminal case that helps people with low income
Talk to a Lawyer - the Cooperstown one you listed and legal aid
is there a web site to get a low cost layer or a court lawyer?
One more question , in case the landlord do send me to court is there a way I can talk to a lawyer and defend myself?
Also I need free legal services please this will be difficult and I cant afford a lawyer
Can you tell me how to find a pro-bono divorce lawyer in the NYC area?  Thank you
I looked up "find a lawyer" on this site- and it came up with different options. Should I try the ones you suggested first?
DO I NEED TO HIRE A LAWYER EVEN MY SON IS THE ONE WANT TO STAY WITH ME?
I need help finding a lawyer for a hospital bill
I need help with a legal aid lawyer for shelter
I want to know how I can find a lawyer for criminal case
also im looking for a free lawyer to speak to about the case
Good Morning, am currently seeking a lawyer
I don’t need information I need a lawyer who will work with me on payment
Im looking to find a lawyer to help with this.
i need help finding a pro Bono lawyer
need assistance finding a lawyer that can help with unpaid rent and being sued
i also could use a real lawyer not a public defender
I need to get a lawyer for the rental apartment
I have an appointment but I don't know if the court will give me a lawyer
Hi, I think I need a lawyer, can you help me?
I am looking for a free lawyer  to represent my old mother for a fair hearing
I was at a live town hall with Senator Brad Hoylman and they suggested there are lawyers who can help negotiate and deal with this.
the person is locked up in nassau he needs a new lawyer
It been a horrible 10 year process medically and with my lawyer,
I need a real lawyer that will honestly consider me without selling out
He doesn't want to go alone he wants someone that knows the law to help him
Hello. I am looking for a free civil lawyer
I guess it also will help if I hired a lawyer
Is it wise to use nursing home lawyer for Medicaid application ?
Would you have a lawyer to recommend in Geneva NY
I haven't Money for a Lawyer I had a Lawyer in the Past It was Free the mental Hygeine Legal Service
Even contacts for a lawyer I can speak to is in this link
Sure, however whom am I speaking to, NY State? a private law firm or an advocacy group?
what/who type of lawyer would i seek?
She also wants to hire a lawyer and have me reimburse her for the lawyer.
I need to find a pro bono lawyer
I am in the Bronx. Also please keep in mind we are seeking a free lawyer
I need help finding a lawyer because I was served with papers
My issue is i dont know which type of lawyer i would talk to regarding the violation
Need help on what to do how to find a medical malpractice lawyer ?
I dont know what to do or how to go about finding a lawyer
I wanted to know if I can get assistance with info on how to get a lawyer in Brooklyn
Thank you for this link.  Do I need a lawyer if I take him to small claims?
I'm looking for a lawyer who can help me with small estate account for my brother
i have a court appearence coming up on 8/5 and need to find a lawyer
They have refused the last 3 wks and cant seem to get in touch with my lawyer
I want to know if I can get a free lawyer
I live in FLA but need a NYC lawyer to help me the case is in nyc
I’ve been fighting like a crazy woman and have gotten this far standing up alone against 3 lawyers.
i need assistance finding a pro bono lawyer for an estate
Hi, can you help me? i think I need a lawyer.
hi ash, where can i find a lawyer who i can speak to about an issue i'm having?
I'm looking to find a right lawyer for the case
I need help finding a lawyer that deals with succession rights
iam 68 years old handicap maybe a lawyer will help
Also how do i go about finding a pro bono lawyer
I am not sure how to proceed and I definitely need a lawyer
Not at this time. I will call them and see if they can help us get a lawyer
I need to speak to a lawyer but do not know what kind of lawyer I need
I need help finding a free pro bono lawyer
Im looking for a lawyer who can help me i have charges from Connecticut but i live in the bronx
I am looking for a labor lawyer with experience with the NYC DoE
I need to know the right practice area Lawyer to deal with my situation
Ok so how can and what are the different way you can help me find a lawyerm
Can you help me to get a pro bono family lawyer
i need a criminal defense lawyer for advice
hi, can you help me? I think I need a lawyer
It's not recommended to self represent but my son mother have hired a private lawyer. I dont make much money to hired a private one.
create one... I have some samples but I think with a lawyer will be more effective ..
I don't need a lawyer or to go to court ..is that correct?
I have a male practice case and need to talk to find a lawyer
i need to find a lawyer for family court
I am looking for a lawyer who may help me on court day
I have the information that you have provided but I wanted them to speak to an actual lawyer just for general advise
Hello, I'm looking for a very good lawyer for will/probate
I am looking for a lawyer called Linda Diaz
I understand, thank you but I will try my union lawyer
Yes but I need a pro bono lawyer asap
Hi Cecilica, I need help from a housing lawyer.
Ok. Now legally would I need a lawyer present or can I do this alone
Hi I am in need of a Realestate litigation lawyer
Ok so what do I need to do hire a lawyer? I don’t have the funds to do that
thank you. I think I need to speak to lawyer.
i got a bad car financing and car was repo I need a lawyer to help with that
and don't have the funds for a lawyer but I do need advice as im british am I entitaled to a frre lawyer
It’s their a lawyer who can offer me free advice on the matter
I need a referal for a lawyer for housing court
Are you able to help me find a lawyer I need for my situation
can't i find a lawyer on this website? i thought that is what it did
I am planning on doing this on my own without a lawyer and researching this type of situation has been difficult
i just laughed myself coz i could hire a lawyer either that time
I’m looking for a lawyer to help me with my case
and this immigration lawyer she can see is for consultation only, correct?
Hi, I want to find a lawyer regarding a issue I am having
I would like any information you have. I would like help with resolving the situation as best as I can without a lawyer if possible.
No. I just needed a lawyer who I could speak with regarding my case. Thanks so much Katie
if I dont think my court provided attorney is doing their job, How do I get a new lawyer?
my friend got one, do I need a lawyer?
Looking for a lawyer to help negotiate with landlady
I am not sure which lawyer is best for me since this is family as well as housing
can you connect me with a lawyer that can give me advice about a work issue/unemployment during covi-19
i need to find an appeal lawyer for my fiance
I am a lawyer and this is all way more complicated than it should be. I just needed to say that to vent.
I need a lawyer or some kind of legal help
I have a veterinarian insisting on euthanasia. I would like to talk to a lawyer to understand my legal rights.
Can I get access to a lawyer for a free consultation?
I'm looking for a probono probate lawyer i i think.
his lawyer try to blame me he has lawyer I don’t have one
don't have time need to talk lawyer no next week  this week before lost jod
Thank You very much from the bottom of my heart for helping me......    One last thing how can I get a new lawyer?
like to talk to lawyer  have question about job
I am having trouble finding a lawyer that is in my area that is trustworthy, and knowledgeable in this topic
Im looking to find a free lawyer
Ok thank you so much for your help it’s appreciated, I have a lawyer with case thank you again for that
Can i get a free or low cost lawyer
I need a low cost family lawyer to represent my elderly father
hi i would like to find a lawyer that specializes disability discrimination at work place ?
So Dr. refused to provide. We want to hire a lawyer.
I need to speak to lawyer but I am low income
it’s so hard to find a pro bono lawyer
I don't think so at this time. I'm mostly looking to speak with a lawyer about my situation specifically.
Hello I need help finding a probono lawyer
I am looking for a free lawyer for family court
I just wan to talk wit my lawyer no one pick on phone...
I need a disability lawyer who helps with people with disabilities
hi! I am looking for a free divorce lawyer. Do you know anyone I can connect with?
that's what I thought. My daughter is a currently unemployed actress... can you suggest a law firm for her to approach.
i need a get a legal assistance for my aptment partition case which is in the middle of law sui
Also, if I do need to go to court. Do I need a lawyer?
Yes I would like a lawyer please
I am looking to find the correct type of lawyer
Hi, I am looking to get free consultation from a criminal lawyer?
I'm looking for a lawyer for a civil case
It would be very nice if you had a lawyer who speaks Russian
and the email advise me to seek a lawyer to make further action. something like a proof of cliam
it would be a consultation on attorney practices and whether this lawyer is in violation of ethical standards which i think he is
Yes. Can you find a lawyer for Senior citizens   70 year old?
Hi, can you please help me find the lawyer that assisted me in the past? My name is Freddy McCoy
i definitely need free legal help an a pro bono lawyer to go to court with me to do my talking
Yes but I do have a lawyer in another case but I just can't get ahold of him
Lawyer thinks he's beyond approach.
Around how much would it cost me to hire a lawyer to sealed my case
I want to talk to a lawyer about my options but am on a very fixed income
Ok I will try one of these lawyers thank you
I would like you to help me get a Lawyer my court case is in November 30, 2020
I'm needing to find a pro Bono lawyer for my daughter
Ok so call thes numbers and compare prices but first call which one about a lawyer sorry court stuff is confusing for me
I would appreciate it if you can help me find a lawyer before I have to go to this fair hearing
if I was in third world country I would have found a lawyer by now
I need a lawyer for public assistance case
Yes I put the order of protection against her already. How do I find a free lawyer to represent me in my case?
I need help I’m a special needs persons and I need  help finding a lawyer
Do u know if the lawyer office is open today
I need a lawyer in the United States of America
I need a pro bono lawyer to help me with the custody
will they help me set up a payment plan with other party  lawyer I have serious health issues and it is stressful for me
oliver i just was with you in the chat.  i lost information regarding the commercial lawyer you gave to me
Ok , thank you , I need free or low cost lawyer or pre- bono
I’m looking for a lawyer I’m being sued
hello i need to get an appilication for a lawyer
Would you know of any numbers I could possibly call or a lawyer I could speak to
Was only looking for advice on how to find a pro bono lawyer
Hi, I think I I need a lawyer. Can you help me?
Can you direct me to a website in my county to apply for free lawyer
I need a hard working lawyer for my drug case
I need to find a lawyer to take my case on contingency
I need to talk with a lawyer about a toxicity issue in the condo building that  I am living in.
I would like to get a free lawyer and speak to them
The access to Benefits Helpline  is where I can make an appointment to see a lawyer?
I need help finding a pro bono lawyer for civil court case
And scheduled for a hearing oct 28th, and it is advised she have a lawyer
he would be the defendent, will he able to get a free lawyer
I need an advice on a civil case can you help me find a pro bono lawyer
Don't you have lawyers who could give me advice
If I can get a free lawyer to help that will be great
