One year ago he lost his job , because he have one medical condition and he is under treatment medical
went i went to coust on the 5th there still was no translatoer i was about to lose my job
I lost my job due to the on going situation
everything Just about my mom myself & my girlfriend bought her through her life they took
Mom's other kids were taken away by state
Wouldn't I lose custody of the kids if I kept them from him?
Need help getting a divorce but lost my job to covid and would like some help
I lost my job and I can't pay my child support I have no income
can he lose the half of the legal custody granted to him by the court
iv lost my parental rights to several of the children im ordered to pay child support for
My child father threatened me and keep using the baby as a pawn
Because of this virus I lost all income and need help with child support
this is only happening because that person’s sister lost their job in London and decided to come back to the US
We have no money after over 2 years of this being dragged out. Mother kidnapped baby and took him out of state. Court does nothing
Hi I lost my job I need help support what should I do upport
I lost my job because I have to go to court often.
I took my childs mother to court for a modification because i lost my job.
I wanted to know being that I lost my job due to  covid19  will they be taking child support out of my unemployment
Im trying to leave my husband because of mental abuse and mental issues but hes trying to take my kids what do i do
well, i used to work in a restaurant but lost my job in March
yes, i lost my job in march.  i used to work in a restaurant
and I’m already very frustrated from my daughter father just taking my daughter from me
one more... is there information on your website that entails what sole custody means, will he lose his rights or can he still see her
My ex wife should taxes for the 2018 when I was working but I lost my job March 2019
I lost my job and don’t have money to pay child support
I had to move with my mother temporarily because I lose my job n I don't have anyone to help me
Hi my husband lost his job threw Covid has to file unemployment what do we do about child support
My oldest daughter was molested while in care and my youngest daughter is currently missing while in the system
I lost the court day and until this day I havent been able to see my son
hi I lost my job unable to pay child support now what I need to do?
I lost my baby sitting income which made ends meet.
i lost my previous job due to not having one
Two years ago I lost custody of my four year old because I wasn’t compliant with court never went
Possible lost job as it got out to the public
How can I do he's not workin he lost he's job
i lost custody of my daughter back in 2018 and i would like to see what i can do to get her back
Accusing me of wrongfully receiving unemployment. I lost my job during Covid 19 and stayed home with my 3 kids
Okay.  It just is really terrible that only the wealthy can afford justice.  My children basically lost their Mom.
untill last night when her father took her from and refuse to give her back to me
I am trying to help a 17 year old who's grandmother has full custody of. He left her house in February.
ive lost my job for now so as cheap as possible bc of covid
due to i recently lost my job on may 3 my mom past on july 29 and my grandma on sept 6
My husband lost his driver's license because of back pd child support due wen there actually was none
I have a child support case and my income went down due to the lost of my job because of the covid 19.
Especially because I don't want to lose custody or visitation of my son
Hello. I lost my job due to covid. What can I do about my child support.
i used to work in a restaurant, but lost my job in march
and my son stay with me since i lost my job because he’s Mom is working
I live en Queens I do have an apt but I lost my work for the Pandemic
I  being told I will lose paternity rights due to prenatal abandonment. Citing I live out of state amd do not support her.
Anything to help me I don't want to lose my children I will try anything to help me and my baby's
our GAL has said to me since the beginning that she will make sure I never regain custody. I lost custody due to the abuse
we’ll sir I’m losing my mind without seeing my daughter
I wanted to know if I can get unemployment if I quit my job because of Covid 19
I’m unemployed and my husband lost his job due to covid
Just want to know how can I get records of a certain person that lost parental rights
I have child support and I cant pay I'm broke lost my job
My children’s mother took my kids out of state with out my permission
ok the mother and father has lost custody of my nephew is with the mothers sister who is unfit to have him
i don't speak much with mom, i tried speak when lost  my job but she say dont care
I didn’t lose my job due to the virus I’m not working
I gave custody to his dad and his dad lost him and the New York System
well, I was kicked out of my apartment with my children from my partner, and  I couldn’t take all my stuffs
General info I have residential custody of my 15 and 16 year old children mother abandoned them after two years say I've kidnapped them smh
because my daughter loss custody of  2 of them and  I had problems with the agency to see them
