Hello and good night, I'd like to get some help on filing for visitation and the things I'd need to have to move forward
How do I go about filing for visitation if I never had any assigned by a court?
Where do I file paperwork to get visitation for my daughter
how can someone go about filing for visitation rights
what steps do i need to take to locate them and file for visitation?
I have to set visitation for my child with her dad can I do that online
I want to file for visitation to see my grandkids
Hi my name is sherifa I need some help to get a farm to file for my grandparents visition
where can I find the application online to file for visitation
Hello Jeremie, just wanted the email for filing for Visitation rights in Kings County
Can i file for visitation of my grand daughter online?
Can I still file for an uncontested divorce but we have a child together and have came to an agreement on visitation
Hi, how do I file for visitation rights, website detours you from accurate information
My mom wants visitation right for her grandchild can she file online since courts are not in full session ?
i am looking for a gf-17 form to file for visitation rights
I would like info on filing for visitation rights. are the courts open
One last thing can I file for visitation online?
To help me file for visitation violation from the other parent not complying
Are there forms available to file for visitation if there isn't a order already in place?
I haven't my kids in 30 days so I'd like to file visitation rights
Yes I need help to file for visitation for my grandson
I'm looking for a DIY form to file for child visitation for the first time, with no previous order
i would like to file visitation I have a daughter I want to see
I need to find a lawyer for visitation rights
I need a court order for visitation rights
Yes I wanted to know about filing for visitation
I wanted to know if its possible to file for visitation rights online
where could I go to print out the paperwork I need to file for visitation of my daughter
I just want to know how likely it'll be for the courts to give him visitation if I do file.
I would like to file for visitation. I live in NY but child lives with father out of state. he won't let me see her.
Hello, how can i get a visitation form or how can file for parenting visitation?
He never filed for visitation.  The judge said if he ever wants it he would have to go to court and he never did
i want to file for visitation right for my son
But I can possibly take away his visitation rights but he can keep filing ?
i need to report a visitation violation or a court order
yes My daughter has a little boy in NY and doesn't want to have his supposed dad to have visitation but the judge never
I’m the custodial parent and I want to file for visitation for other parent
I want to file visitation because the mother of my child is refusing me the right to see my son
now, i would like to file for visitation rights, because the mother refuses to let me see her. How do i do that?
I will like to Right file for visitation right
I filed for visitation rights previously about last year but than stoped it
Ok thanks can I file visitation ok thanks
Ok. Resources are better then nothing. Thank you. And can I file legal visitation online or I have to go in to family court
Hey I would like to file for my visits rights
that is where i have to file due to my childrens residency unfortunately
Hello my name is Jacgone I want to know how do I file for visitation for my daughter
Hi, I will like to file for child support and visitation
If I am married and me and my spouse live separately can I file for visitation rights for our child?
I am going to file to change my custody from joint to sole and ask for supervised visits
how do I file a claim to have child visitation right?
I would like to know how to file for visitation rights
I was just looking through the DIY and can't seem to get to just filing for visitation
She just doesn't want fo allow visitation
Hi I would like to know if I can file for visitation rights online
Looking to find out where I can find the papers to file for visitation
what type of court do I select for VISITATION RIGHTS
i want to file for visitation but  he harasses me once he find out where i live. I am worried about
I want to get visitation with. My daughter even if it's only by vidio
i want to know how to file for visitation enforcement online
other parent keeps breaking a visitation order what do i need to file to have that stopped
Can I file for visitation without my son's social security
can he fight for visitation even though he signed his rights away
Hi. I am a high school social worker and my student wants to file for visitation for his child. What should he do first?
I haven’t seen my son is 3 months. And I just want to file for visitation rights ASAP
