Do you know if I can change the name on my birth certificate ?
Can I change my name on my baby’s birth certificate after I get married??
I would like to know where can I find a lawyer who can help me with a name change
I also don’t feel safe using that name it was a mistake I should of kept my maiden name
As a mom or father can a person change the name of the son on the birth certificate?
my son father send me to court for changing my child last name
I want to change my sons birth certificate because he has my husbands name as the father but he is not the biological father
I want to change the last name of my daughter on her birth certificate
Me and sons father want to change sons last.name how can we do this
we want to change our son birth certificate
How can I get extra certified of name change
i just would like the steps and or paperwork’s to change my child’s last name a minor with both parents consent
Hello, can i change my son last name if the father is not in his life and wasn't there since birth
I just want to know her do I have to do to change my daughters last name
Me and my wife want to change your last name to her madden name how do I do this
i am trying to change my sons last name
*I DO NOT HAVE HIS NAME. I LEGALLY CHANGED MY NAME SIX YEARS AGO*
I'm transgender and I want to change my first and middle name
Hi I would like to know the process for changing a name on the birth certificate
We bought a property and we want a change of name on the deed...
hello I am trying to change my last name
What does an adult child need to do in order to change his surname to his dad's surname
Hi. Recently I became U.S Citizen and had my name changed because it was to long.
I would like to find a a family lawyer that can help with child custody and legal name changing
I already acquired a legal name change.
im not sure what I need to do. I’m not sure I need to change my name but maybe a correction ?
I want to change my name legally and have questions.
The mother changed the child's name  and she is trying to change his sex
I have sole custody of a family members child and want to have the last name changed to mine
She needs to fix her name in the birth certificate
one last thing, can i change my children’s last name to my own how so, do i need his permission
Name change. And birth certificate change. What forms must I need to get it changed
I need name change for my minor son.
Can you please help me to find necessary forms to legally change my name?
Trying to get a passport. I have a different name on my birth certificate than my ss card.
yes i am this way i can have the payments changed to my name and send it to the family court
my husband changed my name to his children as beneficiaries
i need information how do i change my name  by going to the court or what
I want to change my son last name
Hi  I’m trying to change my daughter last name
How can i changed it to her biological father’s last name ?
I want to change my last name I want to Receive the form in the mail I don’t have Adobe Flash
well i would like to know how can i change my sons last name to my last name.
I have legally changed my name to my maiden name.
I am 21 and would like to change my last name to my stepfathers name.  I am trying to see what is the process.
I want the kids to have my last name I want to change his last name
I need a poor person affidavit to go along with my name change pettition
Hi my name is Sakyra I wanna get a divorce and change my last name
i want to change my last name because my birth certficate was corrected when i was a kid but my parents never changed it legaly
how can I help her change her first name her last name was change to mine
I want to name change for my minor son
Im divorcing do i divorce under my legal passport, bank, work, etc name? Or my old birthname?
I also do no want to change my child last name I wanna keep it as is
She wanted to know if she  petition  the court to legally change the baby's last name  would the father have to be notified.
Six years ago I changed my name. I no longer have his name.
i want to know the process of changing my daughter name
We would like to change my birth certificate to reflect my real father
I need to find any documentation showing my name change back in 2005. This was not due to marriage
And the biological father, my husband and I have agreed to change it
what is the process for changing the father on a child’s birth certificate after a dna is done
We are just trying to get my grandson's  father name on the birth certificate
I already changed my last name in court
yes and my son too but I also would like to know what happens to the person who changed my name which is my mother
My birth certificate still retained the Senior suffix to his name when I amended my name change.
