Yes, he previously had Medicaid, but forgot to renew his application.
I have notice from my own parents about a ten day terminationation of License and notice to quit
And once I try to modify my payments, would that allow me to reinstate my license
I currently reside in Florida and have several liscence suspensions in Steubenville county and am seeking legal help to help reinstate my liscence
Recently he is refusing to allow her to collect her drivers licence from his house
Dmv is trying to suspend my drive licenses due to child support im on plane and they take 37 50 a week.
do you know if SCU is still suspending licenses?
My license has been suspended because the added amount to my arrears
I am on probation 6 months with a suspended license but I was found driving with a suspended license
Ok so if they agree than I should be able to get the suspension lifted
Form for My license it is suspended because of child support
I am on probation For 3 years and 6 months suspended license I was just found driving with a suspended license
And So the Judge Upstate had to Dismiss the Case because it was out of his Jurisdiction
There was never a permanent order issued. The court referee would just extend the orders.
okay so only a judge can stop or suspend payments
It's police reports and I supplied events n the judge dismissed my case
my unemployment benefits were just suspended and I need help
I am earning very little money at work I have not paid for 5 months, my license was suspended
Would this form allow me to temporarily get my driving privileges back temporarily until I catch up
no se que mas hacer y el child ya subio a 7000 dolares y me suspendieron mi9 licencia   hace una sema
I need to reinstate my  NY driver’s license  that was suspended for. Unpaid child support
She also just had cps evaluate her and they dismissed her case.
can I request the court not to suspend his driving license.
Hello, I owe child support trying to catch up but want to file an form get my license back since it is suspended
What is the phone number or could I fax the withdrawal to the court
I have questions about bankruptcy - as in, the timing needed to stop a student loan garnishment.
cant seem to know what to do and they have suspended his license due to this
I was wondering if it is legal for an employer to withhold your pay for two weeks because you quit  without notice
I need help with acquiring documents to help lift the suspension on my ny state permit
so my license was suspended last year, and I just knew about it because my license was up
I am looking for a form which I can use to suspend payments from my ex-wife
I need a court date before my permit is suspended
vacating a judgement and restoring a driver license
Hello I'm trying to find the form to make a payment plan.... my drivers license is going to be suspended
My understanding is the drivers license can be revoked owing  $2,500 .. if that's true, how come it hasn
Do u have to leave a hotel for 24 hours if I was displaced?
I received a letter stating my license will be suspended in 45 days because of arrears
i am looking for a lawyer to help with an employment issue I have. I was suspended indefinitely. Without warning or notice.
With order in place do withdrawal stop also automatically. I have automatic withdrawals placed by court order
DMV is going to suspend my car registration because of unpaid tolls
and today we rec'd a letter about if he doesnt pay his lic,. will be suspended
There was supervised visits through Safe horizons that just got suspended due to him coming in contact with my child
Hello can you tell me what forms I need to reinstate my suspended drivers license from unpaused child support
This whole thing is illegal due to the governor saying no one is to move til 1/21 and I am in a government program
I had a criminal charge of aggravated driving with a suspended license.  And had to surrender my license to get a legit identification
if a therapist violated confidentiality and you want to sue them what category would that fall under
Hello is this when I fill out the form to suspend my child support case
My employer has suspended me without pay after I came forward to HR about the misconduct of my supervisor
Brooklyn NY - I was attending foster care classes but I had got suspended because of seal unfounded neglect case
is says it has to be filed prior to suspension.  it's already suspended
or to suspend an order, till a hearing can be executed
Thank you, can you suggest one if I just want to know if I am allowed to argue my case with the leave to renew?
Definitely I don't want to suspend his driving license, or else he can't make a living.
What right do my employer has to transfer me base on unfounded allegations?
and to see if they can make payment plans or lower my payment so they can reinstate my license
Thank you. What about an Attorney to renew my money Judgement
And I need to file 1. Notice of Motion
I don't want them to take my drivers license. Or go to jail
Ok so the courts have been suspended until may 1
please help me I don’t want my license to get suspended
I just got disconnected from Deanna in regard to a notice of quit sent to me.
No I wanted to know where I can go for child support payments I have to suspend it until I have a new job
I have a court order when does abandonment come into play
