Because I don’t remember what county or court it was filed in.
My daughter was receiving SSD and they claimed she owed them money. SHe filed bankrupcy in NYC. Can SS be included in bankrupcy in NY?
I just want to know my acs case number
Thats who I called and they only gave me the case number and sent me to this website to get the docket number
so at this point I have no copy or anything except for the police report I filed.
Also, since they’ve lived in NC for over a year, would he have to file in NC or in NY?
For me that would probably take me more time to understand than writing it down
Hank you and I have a case from Pennsylvania which form do I have to complete is it the same form you gave me?
I filed case a year ago Docket #: F-13371-18/19A
Her father filed Jan. 25 2021
so it can be retroactively adjusted once i'm able to file?
so there is no way to e file  even i am out of the state at the moment?
If u look on the court website one is gf41a and the other is gf17 if I'm not mistaking
Does Onondaga county have an e portal that I can log into and look up case filing history ?
Additionally, I can't find the case number in: https://iapps.courts.state.ny.us/webcivil/FCASMain
oops - not naming my lawyer AS the executor of my folks estate as an only child - really messed things up
and I did not press any charges on my son because there was a misunderstanding about the license plate
I have successfully filed 2 documents with NYSCEF.
I have a file number and a docket number if that help?
The other parent filed and the magistrate then had 2 orders in front of to hear.
where do i find the poor mans form for filing a name change?
Thats what we think also. No there were no lawyers, uncontested free filing forms were used
they didn't give me a case number yet
So filing online isn’t available for family court
I miss placed the order, is the any way I can find that record online?
They sent me one but I lost it, I would like to have another for my file
That was on the family court information sheet but I guess That is for bk only ! Thank you again
They said we can file a claim with a brokerage firm??
when filing the poor person divorce, can i file for an index number without his signatures?
The family court in brooklyn is closed due to Covid19,  i have the paternitu forms from the internet,  where do I go to file it
Okay. Thank you. How do I get a law guardian assigned to him or will that happen after we file for the modification?
I need help finding legal services to help me file for family court
07-14-20 - 10-21-20 it doesn’t takes that long for a background or record check I moved out my apartment for nothing
i am unsure if we should file jointly or if i should files separately  but married
They aren't suppose to give any identifying info (re. disclaimer) It would not show their name
I was told I should file for modification to take me off of medical. Because I am now 18 and can have my own Medicare.
do you have a link for those papers? or nkow the form number
okay, so even tho my current location is in Jersey. I can still file in the Bronx?
i also have the file# and Docket # also if needed
The only thing i need help with is how to file for guardianship when the courthouses are closed
I’m a parent and the grandparent wants to file on me
They take it, but I am not on Section 8   at all.  I'm just a retired worker.
I have police report for first event nothing on the second which was a much worst event
Thank you. By chance are u there specific requirements to file that your familiar with
And I need help with getting my record expunged
Can I file in family court to have my name removed from the SCR child neglect list ? I want to adopt
I am looking for where to file online and dont see it
Can I leave without filing? If he files and I’m already gone does that mean I have to come back ?
Will I be able to file in family court now or is it closed ?
Ok. Thanks.  I will get clarification about filing with them.
How do I file with the EDDS system?It's not allowing me too even see where too file
also I had filed back in Feb in family court
I went to that site but doesn’t help me much because I don’t have a docket number
What are the names of the forms I need to file the foreign adoption ?
Ok but can i file a case first? Cause i also want to know if the baby is mine or not
Can I file using Licensee Holdover case?
Yes...I want to report unfair labor practices to the NLRB...I need a mailing address for the NLRB
Is there anything I can do in the meantime with the court? Can I file something online or through the mail?
The Board for Corrections of Naval Records is the place they need to be a lawyer from, but pro bono for me
We worked it out in conversation wanting to drop the case all together
I already have it prepared and notorized. I just need to know where to send it and if theres a filing fee
Do I check plaintiff and the write my address or do I just check mark the not applicable?
Hi my name is Robert Johnson and my case number is )#BF34334B1
hello I want support unit enforcement and I hoped to file online so I don't have to print
So even if I were names on it It state like John Doe number one so and so name John Doe number to so-and-so name
I didn’t record any of our conversations because I never thought they would act so out of order
Sending to much info to fast I can't write it down
i dont have access to a printer and i need to file asap
Or I should file small claim court or civil court what is the process and forms ?
Hello, I have a real mess on my hands and am lost at what to file
Yes I want to sue them . or fight this isnt  right
second i wasn't here when she filed the case at family court that time
I offer my company to older men, therefore I’m a bit afraid to go to the police and file a report
N that link wasn't diy either.  all file to print first
Not sure if an "S" goes at the end or if I wrote it down wrong :-(
Thank you, we did register and file for the letters via nyscef site
Where can I print out any information for the filing in Suffolk Supreme Court?
you give me link where 100 diffrient form about order protection i asked. but i dont know which form i need to write.
I was told there were some forms online that I could file
Do I need to give cause and if I do get my records, is that noted anywhere?
If I write them back disputing , if it is a scam would that cause more scams?
I need help to find out my court case number in order to send the money
Ok, so since its not listed it's not required then correct?
I'll look into the support modification program.  There is a statement where I won't have to register.
Meaning, of I get there Nov. 4th and she refuses. Could I file and have a date withing a week no more than 2?
But she has been silent for nearly two days, and i feel like I'm getting scammed. Is it possible to sue her for my money?
But can I order it online? Is the clerks office open and can I authorize someone to pick up a copy for me?
Ok thank you! The incident that I'd be filing an Article 78 for is in Dutchess County
ive filed a police report but id like to press charges
Anyway to pull back up my last chat I wrote so much
as i said, i have filed the case,  and served the documents to the defendants. and the case status show pre-RJI.
I am writing as I am wanting to know what my right to have court date moved.
I also have another question I have no income history as of now does this affects me in being able to file a petiton
do I have to wait for the termination decision to file the motion or can it be simultaneous?
My client -- who wishes to file the notice -- is in prison also, if that changes things.
Not sure how to so I guess I'm sol. Thanks for the help.
I see. So even though there has been a change in circumstances (lost my job) it looks like I can’t file?
To scan it in and yes I understand that. They said they are backed up so e filing is best
Do I need to report to the town house? Are they involved in this case?
Do I file what’s called a short petición but where. Oh okay.
I am certain they did this. However there is nothing much of interest in my medical records. It's about the behavior.
but im not sure if I need to select any of the articles of law
I haven’t filed I’m looking on info on how to get started
Wat if i dont have the court case number
no thank you taht wil be all i dont think youre able to provided me with my case number right
they are doing the paternity either way and i had no choice but to list him as the father because of my public assistance
he has assets - stock market portfolio, real estate, cash, other investments
an on lawyer told me I could file on my own through family court
The rape and the church are thetwo major reasons I want to sue
Do not even see my name on the judge list
I have been told is a legal matter, but I don't think he can file a case with no id.
I watched those. I don't live in NYC. Can you at least answer if filing will stop a garnishment
so we are off the federal registry. no one can help us without a number
Thank you for your help. I'll do more research and see how I can anonymously report it to the police
Hello. I just need information about mediation. I read the website and I would like to know how to file.
ok but I don't have the information of the place like postal code or mail
cronic noise, i do not write good inglihs sorry...
PB81430Q1 that is my case number. I understand the courts are closed, but what do I do?
i need help finding the link so i can file
i file a few modification before and the judge had me even subpoena my doctors because i live under medication.
I e filed. So I forgot which website I can check
It's a criminal case and I'm the "victim," but I don't have authority to drop the charges
yes for the affidavit to keep her name confidential. that would be filed now by email? EDDS? Mail?
Are there instructions for that on the website? What is an order to show cause?
I believe it would be filed in surrogate court. But what is the process and where are the forms?
I hit copy to clipboard and I dont see it on clipboard I dont
I have court for the petiton he filed Feb. 17th
I have to file a claim in the Bronx or in New Jersey
I wrote everything down as we went. I'm good
I have filed a case with court of claims. and my case status says pre-rji
(Ie. March 29 was 30 days after the filing.)
I need to change it to maintain my legal status in the country
I would like to know how do I file separation papers?
Okay are they able to help me with filing a subpoena
Is this information accurate and if so where can I find it in writing said by Medicaid?
Im not sure how much i can share with you. I just need to know how to go about filing as soon as possible.
do I report to court house in Westbury or is it virtually
Well the order was filed right before court shut down
i was never served so I don't know who to contact or write to
I want to e-file it I don't want information on it I need to e-file a modification
Trying to file a EDDS for a will and it asked  for a case number but there is no case number
I just have a questions about what I file if I haven't been able to see my child that lives with her mother ?
things were on pause the courts are closed but lawsuits were allowed to be filed?
It doesn't mean I filed anything, right?
Im Having issues with e filing the the#8-2 form
One thing, do I have to be a lawyer to file or can I file an intent as a notary?
no need for a lawyer just need to know how to file out of state
i have and was told that to i need to file with family court because it is not in IVD case
no thank you. E filing this is free of charge, I just can’t find it on their website
Hello, Good morning. I've got a notice of electronic filing against me in the mail and I am not sure what to do now.
I need help filing for poor persons index number, to file a claim
Do you know if those that had appointments  and got canceled due to COVID are getting automatic new appointments? Should I wait or file again?
I'm looking for information about how to go aboit filing an article 6 in family court
great thank you. Is there any links or info you have regarding filing to keep my address private
Yes and notarized. But she made it very vaguely written
I was told that I can file online at NYSCEF. However what is the process after that?
I currently live in Florida. Is there a way to file online? Or at least get a court date ?
This is not an emergency. I'm looking for probono services to help my group of parents and educators incorporate our group as a 501c3 nonforprofit
can I sue all of them in the united states court?  Or a higher court?
so there is no separate information on filing fee, correct?
Basically dose the petioner have to file for criminal court / family court at the same time?
I know the file number and see the documents on the websurrogates.ny site
Ok can i could go in ? & once I file online will it go directly to the court?
I know where to find the forms I need but there is something new called EDDS which is to file electronically
basically giving him permission to enroll her in school
Initiating this modification, but I have a case pending for something else.
I was gathering that he can file for paternity  but he'd have to serve me
i'd like navigation on file for sole custody
i id filed and my pin has been sent as well
Good afternoon !    I am looking to file for grandparents vistation  rights. What form do  I need ?
He left no forwarding address and I didn't know any of his friends or family
I'm not exactly sure how to word it to not have to dig through NY grandparent rights
id like to file it online please?
i already have that form. i intend on completing it today. How do i actually go about filing it?
so I should contact either one of the referals first, right? I dont need to file it online yet?
Just the account number and letting me know that I am able to file for a court date. Kings county
I don’t know if they gave it a docket number either
So how can i file then you say. I ca. Get.  E fail date
The old files were don on law help .org in 2017
I don’t have an address for the other party.. can I still file?
So I read I can file a civil claim up to 15,000
how can i file for a name change in family court
I would like to know how can I research where independent record labels register their artist(s)
is there a way to start filing one online?
Can I file the form I've made online, or does it need to be in person
Hey I want to know if Form GF-171 is e-fileable
file number and docket nubmer are same or different?
okay great! would I   be able to file online due to COVID?
To file papers in Family Court can I go to the Court or do I have to file online.
Thank you!  I cant find where to efile once I complete a form.
How can get e file date when i have not e file yet
Yes, I want to file an OSC which will be heard by the judge.
My question is just is not legal/substantive, it is just technical.  Where/how do I file these documents with the court?
I have no case number or index number as we would not provide me with my file
Do I need a laptop to file these document or I can do it from my phone ?
I don’t wanna press charges I just want them off the internet
I already have the form, but thank you. I just would like to know, if I can file online?
I was on this page it doesn’t let me file online ?
Yes file # 14567 docket # F-675-11/20A
It means he can’t file for the other two children because he didn’t sign the paternity?
Hi, where can I find a form to file to collect on a past due note against an individual gauarntor
So the list 1 I should write mother,right ？
The other part about the parent on welfare u mean the same parent that filed or the one who owes?
I don't have time to make phonecalls, because of my job
I filed a two week ago but still I don’t get nothing information about labor department
those are not the right form those are the legal douments not the questinarre
but i have to file it with the Bronx court because thats where she lives
i don't think i need an attorny, just wondering how much i should sue for
im listed in the system pro se
the case in is in white plains my son lives with the mother since birth we had a previous case but settled out of court
it could find the docket or file number I provided
If an order is in place can it be modified with a mediator or only by filing and going back to court?
Ok.  Just an estimate is this a long process?  If I file could I still get them in a week or two
can I tell my case number or other information to help you figure out her name?
no a judgment was filed against me I think it’s civil I don’t know but it was a car accident
Do you'll have lawyer's in the Brooklyn family Court that I can get to help me out with filing the right paperwork
How and who do I notify of this change in my income as it is greater than 15%?
We went to collect it multiple times and were informed that it was fixed.  It never was and the case was closed
Im looking for assistance in filing for guardianship of my Daughter, Probono
I don't see family court as an option when filing for the first time. I don't have  a docket number or file number yet.
Also i neednto file somethibg to have my exhusbands comply with  court orders
Order to show cause how can i get that is that on its website as well? What is an affidavit?
but I dont know where to file it online now that things are all online
What information do you need? I have no order number or anything like that. I have an account number. BR25829R5.
If my ex agreed to me moving out of state with our son through text message. What court documents do I need to file?
for ANY type of filing not specificallty listed in the memo (lockout, no heat, etc)
Hello! I was looking for some assistance with filing in Family Court
so when I want to merge it I dont know how to go about it
Should I be filing on a different site? Please help
Also it says something about ill need the court order information to file ... I have no court order info
Yes. Am i able to go to family court to file? Or are they closed?
I need numbers of lawyers that can help to file order to show cause
Thank you for your help.  One question, is there a fee for filing a small claims?
it was minor but is showing on my background check with fingerprint
Thank you so much!  I just copied all the resources on to my file :)  You have been a great help!  Thanks a million!!
I was told I would need to file a Modification with the Family Court.
Hi. I'm considering filing for Grandparents rights.
However I have not heard from my lawyer whether the papers were filed
livingston has jurisdiction over the case bc the afc didnt want me to file in my county I cant go through Livingston
I will contact them. Are you having luck in finding what forms I might need to file?
I need help filing a GF 22
I don’t know he’s in jail I wanna file
also while filing for this when would I need a lawyer
Do I have to file my paper in Supreme Court or family court.
NYPD did not see any such claim and left seconds after
I only have my social security number not any case number
Can I file in yonkers and the bronx family court at the same time
He said I would get a "tracking number" of sort at the end and to make sure I write it down
File number 247268 docket number f-05467-20
Is this illegal? Is it ok to write NYS to stop collecting?
So I went to buffalo police where I filed another report.
Could I file virtually as everyone is saying we can?
I didn't get the last digit for his number
No thanks. Once I have the info I can file myself. My husband's estate is very very small and this is only for medical records.
we filed it in March it’s just went to e-fililng
I can send you the docket number and file number if you need it
Hi Rose can you confirm if the File # is the same as the case number for family court?
its says its a account registration form for people who do not have a attorney
how do i file a order to show cause form with family court????
I am intrested in changing my middle name but dont have the 210.00 for the filing fee
Does it matter what county do i file the case in? Or is there just one court across the city?
Do I need to file a case first or I can go to a mediator right away? And how can I get a mediator?
1. My spouse is out of state and I do not know how to locate him. Can I file in either state?
Hello- Is there any free consultation for single fathers in Queens, NY, to file for legal custod?
Also, when I file this does he get a letter in the mail like I did?
3) do these documents need to be filed online or can they be filed in person
Do you need an appointment in family court to file for custody? Or can you just walk in?
I want to file for  a name change, but dont have 210.00 for the filing fee.
I dont have a case, file or docket number
How can I file a g f 29 in New York state myself
i live out of state so I need to file online
I want to file and order of filiation so that it can be made that my boyfriend  is her father but with out doing DNA
I don't want to change name, just correct a typo... Great, thanks. I was born in Queens
I did file for address confidentiality. And it was granted. But the judge made me give address...as I do not feel safe or confortable....
I'm going to write it down now. Please allow me to do so .
My gf overstated into another country will that affect her if we marry and file for her?
now I don't feel like to  share them anymore, do I have such right?
Question... my son is turning 21 yrs old in nov, do I have to file in a court order?
this is per our divorce settlement, which he reported no income at the time
I need help connecting with someone that can provide free or low cost assistance for adjustment of status
You, who have acess to WEstlaw and LEXIS, used to help people who do not have acess to these resources.
Yes but my ex says he filed can I still file my own papers
ripped the check and wrote another one for 350
Yes i am giving you background sorry I'm at work and on a NOTE 9
i would also need to file for that to family court? or which court?
the Family Court has refused to set up my case in the Case Registry. We have no CSMS number
1 case number is 8 8m  -62264
I would like to know how do I start a motion or order to show cause
I guess I’ll just pay it. Does that clear my record?
Hi Matt, is there an online filing option for emancipation?
I have called at different times - many occasions- even on days were its not my filing day- same results
I have ceased to file anymore and homelessness is my only recourse
can I enter 111 centre street to pick up a file from archive
I also wanted to register my business as a veteran... is that allowed?
Does that mean if I file something with APS something might proceed?
how do i file online so i can get a court date
Original order from another state, but I registered it in New York State.
