No. It was one of those "cancel time share" people.
It's a family court matter. My boyfriend has filed for temporary custody and I want to fight this
well its scheduled for every weekend; however, i want to cancel (with notice to the other parent) a few weeks
I did file back in December. My court date was set for April then postponed to August and seems will not happen.
I opened a custody case in family court right before the pandemic so its been postponed to further notice
I want to cancel my paternity court case how do I do that
I will like to change my court date for famil court
I heard that all court cases are postponed to January
I would have to call the courts and their not open due to the virus going around..
Hi I hace a child support cour date after tomorrow will they postponed it
Hello. My home has been put up for auction on 10/24. I have submitted paperwork last week & want to see if auction has been postponed
Good evening I had court today but my son was sick I would like to know if they rescheduled it
Hi I had submitted a change of support right before the covid pandemic in bronx family court and of course things are suspended
I would like to cancel my paternity summons
I got a letter from family court saying I had a postponed court day Monday March 30 2020. And it's been post poned
Am I able to file now in family court or is it still postponed due to covid? In what phase will family court open up?
How do I get it to the courthouse seeing how please departments are closed due to the virus
the lawyer i had had the paper work from the court but after my hospital visit he did not return my calls
I have a settlement conference tomorrow but can’t make it
She supposed to go to this court tomorrow and we’re trying to postpone it until we can get a lawyer
the case hasnt been looked at yet - on the last court date, it was postponed due to my husband not having his financial statement available
How do I postpone my court date scheduled for tomorrow?
I have been summoned to appear in court. How do I postpone the date for a later time?
Hi can I change a settlement conference court date
I haven't seen them since mother's day weekend and in June both times I flew to NY.
hi! yes I was supposed to have a court hearing in early April but obviously it got postponed
thanks so much - just to clarify, the judgement was issued by a NJ court
the show cause case court date was missed due to doctors appt
I was supposed to have a court date on March 19 which was than postponed until May 12
I filed for visitation for my daughter if we can come to a conclusion can I cancel the court hearing
I was scheduled for a court hearing she wasn't appearing and the courts got shut down for covid-19 and it was rescheduled
I would like to know if I can switch my case to another court because I moved?
What web since do I go to fully them out at  moving out of state so get court say it's ok to move
when I had my interview date the ny state decided to cancel everything and they never called me
if my court date is moved to somewhere else or postponed will I recieve notice?
Good day, I filed for custody of my daughter in January but due to the pandemic, the case has been postponed until further notice.
Supposed to have virtual court hearing tomorrow I'm trying to postpone it
He received my medical insurance letter behind my back and answered it and canceled it behind my back
Case is in CO but after is complete orders can I move case here in NY and modified?
will all auction hearing be postponed due to the current climate of Corona virus 19
if he not serve the paper in court it will be cancel automaticaly
My bosses mandated us to return to the office biweekly so that they could rotate the staff with a half and half approach
i have been summoned to appear in court may4th. Will it be postponed
So that’s why I need to change the court date
I just want the email or address where I can mail a request to cancel my support case
September paid for expedite too and overnight i had to cancel my flight on Tuesday
I didn’t get any information about the canceled letter
They are terminating me due to not being able to work full time on the morning schedule from home
I have to be in family court today but I don’t know how to check if it will be postponed
I like to cancel visits because he is not hold up his end of the order and has my son missing school
They screwed me over even though they have a 14 day cancellation policy and I canceled 4 months in
I came to an agreement with my son's mother and wish to cancel our course appearance how do I email that info to the courts?
and I currently have the child custody case is pending in Family court, and it is postponed until further notice due to Covid19
I had to file an amended complaint in 2018 due to these delays.
Am I able to cancel the court order appearance?
Had a court date today how do I find out new date court was cancelled
Yes with State Farm and 3 days after they cancelled a tornado touched down and took most of my back roof off.
i asked to sit down with her and go over everything again and she made an apt and canceled it
I have a support modification and arrears with a court date cancelled from 3/24. Are they rescheduling  yet?
Yes but the court date is tomorrow can I postpone the court date
