I'm good thanks! I'm looking for some help with  immigration
Good morning. Are you accepting new clients? I would like to refer a Spanish speaker client for immigration consultation
Would like to talk to immigration attorney
"Israel" wan't an option that I could select here . . . my sister and I both live in Manhattan.
But we don't know whether we will bump into any immigration trouble if we do that
I found some lawyers based here who specialize in US immigration law but they seem very expensive
the passport is just for vacation purposes nothing else
even tho I have a case in the US as a non citizen
I Am an immigrant living in the USA for 10years now  how can I get free legal help to get a green card
Hello, I am looking to make an appointment with immigration law unit of legal aid society
Will eviction cost my records and possibily make me eligible to fly back to US? (Since I am not a US citizen)
One more thing  I’m immigrant  in this country
I am looking for advice from the immigration lower. I'm f1 student
Hello, I need help with my child's visit with me that the other party is not allowing.
I can't afford an immigration lawyer I want to know if I have a chance to change my situation.
Hi, I'll like to know if i am at risk of deportation
Would this work even if I'm in a foreign country?
Yes. I'm looking for immigration lawyer or attorney for free .
I would like help in my immigration interview
I can track my immigration cases by using my cases number
i am looking for free legal help for applying for asylum
i would like information about legal help to pursue an immigration case?
Hi I need police clearance certification for immigration purposes how and where do I need to go
Im a citizen immigrated from Italy almost 50 yrs ago
I am requesting information on immigration lawyers, the website is not providing information in any language
he married me for immigration purpose just to bring his children to America, he said that to me . I did not know that
I'm a Canadian citizen looking for political asylum in the usa
I’ve got an email from the unemployment saying that I shouldn’t have applied  from outside of US.
My spouse is a US citizen, is my sponsor, I am a resident. I was curious about what my healthcare options are.
I am here on a visa, and my daughter is a resident Alien who used to live here with her resident alien father
Hi. I recently filed a request for a immigration hearing to appeal their decision to deny my citizenship
Thank you, could you forward some IMMIGRATION lawyers too ?
I'm looking for a free immigration attorney
b) protect his rights as a legal resident of the unit.
The family are recent immigrants from Bangladesh and our students' mom needs help
Do you know how much it cost or how I could get a free immigration lawyer
And my case may or may not concerns about immigration laws
I believe i am a self sufficient person for the immigration criteria
Do u know what website I can check my immigration cases ?
I need some lawyer who had a legal aid about my immigration services is this possible I find a lawyer in Hollywood Beach 11414
Im a us citizen and i would like hire a foreign worker from turkey to work for me how can i sponsor them?
what is the process for immigrating from England to nyc please ma’am
Knowing that I am not a US citizen and my son does . Will this affect my qualification to have legal custody ?
i m ib visitors visa and need to get Asylum
Can I apply for daca if I came in the USA  on 2015
Can a us citizen hire a foreign person from  turkey ? What is the process
cause he wants to take her cause of the court order and him having residental cust
I am not a permanent resident, I don't qualify for citizenship
FYI, he is a US citizen with permanent residence in the US
He is a 17 years old and I would like to grant him a us passport through me as Iam a us citizen
I wanted to know the legal aspects of applying for asylum while in the United States for religion reasons
Oh absolutely. My father is a large foreign Armenian, he’ll be with me the whole time haha
i need an honest immigration lawyer , problem is that at present i am staying in my country
I need immigration help to remove the conditions of my residence or apply for vawa
i am looking for legal help as it relates to immigration issues
I would like information about getting residency for the parent of a minor US citizen who is currently in the US on a B2 visa
I  need free legal help for applying for asylum
and we decided that instead of going through the immigration process from Jamaica
iam us citizen can i bring my wife from morroco to us
I need advice on applying for my USA citizenship
