Can you send a link for a paternity petition to my email biznahee420@gmail.com
can you please tell me how I can file a petition for paternity acknowledgement? I live in Brooklyn NY
So I would need an attorney to let me know if I need a paternity petition filed here in GA or in NY?
i am trying to file a paternity petition, I’m not sure what to do.
Would it be better to file DIY Paternity Petition Program for NY or should he go to his local office here in Georiga
can I filed for a petition to paternity test if the child has not been born yet
Hi.. Doing a paternity petition, however the child's birthday field doesnt go past 1990.. The child was born in 1981
Im confused on the DIY paternity petition form who do I talk to for help clarafiying something.
I would like to file a paternity case for my baby daddy and I need to download the petition but I don't know where.
I would like to know if I can file a paternity test petition online
Hi.  Can you please advise as how I can file a paternity petition in Queens family court
How do I file a petition for paternity online being that my local court house is closed due to the corona virus.
How do I file a petition for paternity online due to my local family court being closed due to corona virus.
What forms do I need to fill out to file a Paternity Petition?
I submitted a petition for paternity online to the family court but i do not have a lawyer.
I want to file a petition for paternity is that for the central Islip Court House in central Islip
Do i need the name and date of birth of the child to file a petition for paternity ?
Also, if the paternity establishment is what he does does he need to file visitation petition separately?
If the link you sent me for Paternity Petition will work I’m OK.
for paternity petition ( individual ) and child support
There is a "Paternity  Petition" form, but i need a DIY to "Vacate Acknowledgement of Paternity
Can you please tell me how I can file petition for paternity acknowledgement? I'm in Brooklyn.
What happens in a paternity hearing when both parties attend and both agree the respondent isn’t the father
he lives in nc how do I file for a petition for paternity
i would like to know the status of my paternity summons
I filed a petition for paternity like a month or two ago online and still haven’t heard back what should I don
what time can i go bring in a paternity petition form to court?
ok, then I just click the paternity petition program under the tab that says 'start' ?
Is there a fee for filing a petition for paternity in Family Court?
Good afternoon.  How do I. Do. Online petition for paternity
Hello I want to file an paternity petition online how would I do that
Does a paternity petition have to be personally served on the respondent or can it be mailed/
I need help starting a paternity petition, what do i do?
Do you know the steps on how to file a paternity petition
Can the man still use the DIY Paternity Petition Program?
I was filling out the form, it says the petition for paternity can be filed in the county of the mother, child , or myself
What address do I mail my paternity petition to and do I address it to a particular department in family court?
I am an advocate for a mother who is trying to file a paternity petition
what is the number form to file a paternity petition
i am just trying to figure out where on the website can I find and print out a paternity petition form
Does a paternity petition have to be personally served on the respondent or can it be mailed?
hello! I just wanted to know if I can mail the paternity petition ?
before covid I was just about to file my request for Affidavit of Regularity: By plaintiff
the paternity petition form online, says is "DIY Form 5-1" I dont want to declare no one the father.
Hello trying to find out if my petition for paternity has went through and do I have a court case
I do not want our social security numbers displayed on the do-it-yourself paternity petition
Yo tenía corte en mayo sobre petition paternity como puedo hacer para obtener un cita nueva
must I file a paternity petition prior to a visitation petition
I need to file for Paternity test petitions
Is family court open to file a paternity petition
Hello can you please tell me how I can file a petition for paternity acknowledgement? I live in Brooklyn NY.
Is it just the Paternity Petition and the Personal Information Form?
Hello, i would like to file a paternity petition and am unsure the way to go about it due to restrictions caused by covid
There is page with “paternity petition form” , should i have to click on it ? And follow instructions ?
Yes...My question is i want to file a paternity petition form,but now that the courts are close how can i file the petition in court?
where can i get a free lawyer for a paternity petition?
Hi I wanna submit a paternity petition
one question for the contesting paternity there no petition
I’m looking for someone that can assist in a paternity petition
