For the 14 days so far but then she will come get her before I can everyone retested
Yes I would like free legal service ,thank you
I I cannot afford a lawyer. How can I do something about all this debt that's being added to my name?
I have questions and need help with Civil Harassment
Thank you.  I'll check with my supervisors about using the chat service.
Unless the debt is forgiven through court correct?
Good Morning. Trying to look for information for someone that wants to become a citizen.
its been a long time and the pain never disapear
i May be dealing with medical malpractice or medical neglect
ok great thank you for your help and the resources you have provided today
I've been on that page and it doesn't address my issue.  They referred me to you.
I am disabled an do not have money or I would have already gone to one
All the emotional energy, time, missed work. It's unfathomable really
Yes. I need free legal help
i mean we are financially responsible for him tull 21 correct
Artur - I will have to finish up with you later - Dennis will be in touch.  Nice work!
Yes i would like to know how can i fight for a costudy
i am seeking legal assistance with a debtor where can I go
I want to find out about making a will to provide guardianship for my disabled child
I’m not sure how else I can get these documents
I was incarcerated for six years for DUI I have no valid driver's license
Regarding special education services, privacy & information regarding education services that may be released or being  requested.
Hello! I’m concerned about the possibility of being sued by a debt collector
Can they legally force us to use the online platform of their choice? Regardless of cyber security issues?
Is there any lawyers that would be able to assist,  on my my criminal matter,  issue..
Because our organization is providing mental health services, so we need to seek approval from the Office of Mental Health in order to incorporate
not malpractice per se i understand that most public aid groups carve that out from their range of services/case types they address
They want to find out information that was decided and if there are rules agaisnt them still being served
it’s totally debilitating and I’m not even sure if my license will be valid
i told him - to stay away from them because hes cause them emotional distress
i has lost connection to someone they were going to look into filing for divorce with past cases of domestic violence
i've also left a message with legal aid. is that separate from this organization?
is my daughter a dependent because she is currently boarding and attending school full-time, even though she is over 21???
Both organizations won't provide legal services? Sorry I'm not positive I read the message correctly.
Do u offer couples mediation services?
such as whether my finances will be affected in any way or things I own
I've ready that and pretty much the whole website and yours as well!
Ya is there a number for the nonprofit Legal Services organization
Ok thanks. Seems like I would have to get the police involved to stop this.
yes, I stupidly did...AFTER she treated me so badly....
If not can you please provide me with the following steps to submit my forms.
But no court order was involved i voluntarily had this done
I work at an outpatient radiology facility with approx 200 employees.
Any orginizations tht fight for homeless family's.
is there any thing he can do  ?  since he gave his rights away
Anything related psych ward or mental hospital
my mother received a call today from what i am almost 100% certain is a debt scam
I’m looking for organization or someone that can help mentally disabled with Ligal Problems
im getting pretty aggravated, not at you but just in general
She filed for public assistance because her sister told her to
9/20/2019,3:49-3:51PM ET Hello I am looking for legal assistance in the areas of health care proxy, suspected medical fraud,unemployment and public assistance.
(Alejandra - please don't only send canned responses)
i had sent my scooter ($900) for repairs, after having it for less than 3 months
I am looking for free legal services for help with debt collection
What is considered a timely manner for my landlord to come check on an electrical issue?
so i need to enroll her. But the school told me i need guardianship so i can enroll her in school.
And has not made no attempts and never did court ordered programs
i need to know if there is a real debtor prison?
this is why I need your supervisor information so they will be handled accordingly.
We are being denied service because we are unable to wear masks.
his aunt sonia segarra, she was giving custoday by social services and was court ordered
hello can you help regarding a question about business law?
about being fired at my job, false accused of something i did not do...
Would someone in your organization be able to help her? She's 17.
so what ! You should be able to conduct yourself in a pleasant manner with customers
Ok, wonderful. Thank you very much for your help, Erika, we appreciate it.
We need help we have a case against dept of homeless services
I need to find an legal advice/representative; I have websites addresses; I was told you can refer me to someone who handles such situations
I am a very very minority small business owner with 0 employee
none of the things listed above are specifically for disabled/autistics.   drny won't help individuals
Do you have any resources I may turn to for a more detailed answered? Any ne work city agencies maybe?
I would like confidential legal advice to help me evaluate how to handle a pending divorce.
Good morning, may I be connected with LIFT rep please?
Good afternoon Sydney.  I am from Assemblywoman Catalina Cruz, 39th District in NYC.  I have a constituent who is having problems with her neighbor.
i was left in labor  way to long I had complications
Would you know if emancipation documents are available online or is that not your area of expertise?
I’m looking for a Low family income organization
How can I get an audio transcript of a sealed Supreme Court case I was a part of? Also I have low income......
I would appreciate any helping hand.  I fear for my life if I were to become homeless!
Do you have the PDF form for a certificate of Relief from Disabilities or good conduct
So basically I want more information on where I can go to clear old criminal misdemeanors in my record
Thank you for your help. I’ll try these organizations
ok thanks do you what  ranges they typically consider someone as low-income?
I've explained that she also harms my health with her toxic behavior
now i have a job and they want me to provided the 600 income and when it started
i need different ones. those organizations didn't help me at all.
Mt bank i want to sue them for lost income.  Scriminate
are there any new processes clients would have to go through?
thank you. Are you aware of any legal information or services specifically related to gambling?
+1 (813) 943-1877 My name is Elsa
*wants *they post surgical  as not necessary procedures
i was given a raw burger, to specify raw meat.
It says that your organization advocates for civil rights for low income people .
so that was frustrating, but after I graduated, the next clinic was able to connect and help his case finalize.
I need help getting my social security back
I'd like some recommendations about organizations please!
I was served with papers about a debt I didn't know I had
Good morning. I truly hope you all stay healthy and strong during our national crisis.
A case against a city agency hospital or program
assigned counsel program it’s a notarized document to get a public defender
I need help on social security disability appeal to federal court
I need a lawyer. I have issues with my former employer, Emerson Automation Solutions.
No my client needs one in order to qualify for public assitance services.
court information is 100 general  pages
Something needs to be done. I have documentation of everything
the online reviews are stating that this agency is corrupt and run by unethical licensed professionals.
I would like any information you have on what can  happen if I get caught having sex with men for money
where can i find a list of all non for profit legal service providers handling housing matters
I’m on that page. What do the legal services fall upon under
Perfect, yes, we need legal resources to share with people
I mean is one of these organizations preferable to another?
And the yogurt health issue of finding plastic in yogurt ( huge issue)?
The company is based in NYC and is a wildly known nonprofit.
Can you help me find a volunteer lawyer to represent me in an unemployment hearing?
I'm currently paying on a dishonored check in a court misdemeanor c wanted help on seal that from background check
its ok. I will call this one organization i found. Thanks again
I'm looking for information about what constitutes a verbal contract. I'm also looking for advocacy groups that may help me in my area.
deadbeat is a vet and just got approved for disability
can you provide information on pro bono legal assistance programs?
he temporay modified it based off my unemployment and told me to find a job
I'm 70 disabled and recovering from bad surgery
Do they help you regardless of your income? I'm receiving disability income.
Thank you. I currently am unable to afford representation.
I need to know if there's some kind of program out there for us
it is make little bit complication to me , may i share with you my problem in detail ?
Ok maybe a referral would be better, as I have already read everything I can online about my tennant rights, and sexual harassment and slander.
Will they be able to help me with creating a legal document?
Yes, some help is what I desperately need. I am computer illiterate.
is legal aid the same as public defendor? and yes
Where can I find legal service to help with my record
I have my daughter on a every four day rotation and i cannot keep exposing ourselves in the public.
i like to know how and if I can get copies of my abusers past criminal history?
Hello.  I would like information on workplace disability rights
i am older son and medical proxy for my mother
can you help me find out any organization that can advise ore represent for free?
I’m looking for a special education advocate or atty
That too but more like the department of health.... Do you know of other places.....
So like if I were to tell someone about this information and if they profit from it,
I had been told legal help may help since I Amy only on Social Security.
Hello. I was injured in the course of my work last year. I would like to know where I can find free legal services?
I can see the groups that offer remote services.
I dont want our social security numbers displayed the do it yourself patio
I just got out last week and I have no job and need my license to get around to find a job etc...
ptsd- 0% but I have complex ptsd, and I am treated by VA- disability compensation denied because my PTSD wAs not combat related
Ok I have an adult disabled son.  His dad and I have joint guardianship. Buy
can you direct me to a website?  Can you help with the SS benefit question?
I also need a poor persons order
- Hello Jane , My Name Is Christian Rivers
No, these are great resources so far. Thank you so much.
I need legal advice,and legal representation
For ex. If the child has been exposed to sexual abuse/ molestation
I need a BLANK, Financial Disclosure  Affidavit-Short form
Thank you. I'll look over the PDF. This has never happened to me before I'm stressed out.
pending criminal case need representation
Am looking for steven sheped i think that his name
Am i going to be transferred or do i need to do anything to complete the transfer?
no i dont mind i need help i am devastated dont know what to do
That actually is a clear answer! So community organizations first then.
is this all free? and are there certain requirements for free legal help??
I need pro bono assistance. My financial circumstances are precarious. I have serious medical issues that I'm being treated for too.b
Oh thank you so much for the resources. You've been a big help!
yes that’s why I got the driver responsibility fee.
can you provide the number for city bar justice?
hi, I have virtual court hearing in March 2nd. The debt collector is suing me for unpaid debt
i like to use my influence to inspire people to do better
Wonderful you are a great help! I’ll like at the resources
Forced to live in abuse and fear. Because i became disabled. No help
I don't fully understand the income guidelines on the website to determine if I qualify for a public defender.
Would she be able to receive legal aid services in drawing up these documents? She is 74 and disabled
Actually I have orders to pay I need to know what to do to fight them
I get social security shr now gets disability from work
There was no third party. They just don't know business terminology.
I am a veteran as well if there are any organizations in the area that help veterans.
Yes, but do I apply as an independent contractor (taxi driver) or self-employed restaurant consulting business?
K also,any information on cash assistance for pendemic related issues?
yes, im looking for some legal services pro bono lawer on a debt collector lawyer who sent me a stipulation
Would you know if these organizations also work with Young Adult Persons?
Am looking for Steven sheped i think thats hes name..
yes that would be very helpful if you could refer her to that free legal service
It is frustrating because the Disability Rights do not usually provide legal representation in court.
I'm searching for a free legal service
Also, is there a way to do it through military services since he is a veteran
My daughter applied for neighborhood legal services and hasn't heard whether you accepted her yet. Do you know how long it takes?
She said. You may beable to assist me download forms I may need to serve
Legal representation, and advice on how to navigate this situation.
I want to move out because of the terrible way I've been treated.
Can you tel me what the use ? Because I’m the one that enrolled the baby in school
Sorry is anyone on or is this an automated system sorry
I have a ACS case because my husband exercising corporal punishment
False Advertising and Misrepresentation as it pertains to COVID procedures, safety, and business practices
I'm just so confused and honestly, I feel discriminated against.
yes please! I am a graduate student and I do not have any funds to pay for legal services unfortunately
I’m here regarding someone else who is incarcerated and they want me to find free legal services
He has limited income, thus, his looking into best fiscal option for legal services
on the bottom of the “summons”, it says this is an attempt to collect a debt...
I think is called Asian education fund
Also  a couple years ag my sister told my father I said he raped me
New York non-profit corporation that provides this website as a free service to:
I really do not want to go to Florida I got raped there at school and got emotionally abuse and physically
Ok. But all you did was refer me to another referral service, am I correct to understand this was the nature of this "referral"?
THANK YOU SO VERY MUCH!!! I HAVE BEEN SO STRESSED OUT BECAUSE I DO NOT KNOW ANYTHING NOR WHERE TO GO.
Do you know of organizations that give housing help?
the court takes into account my personal expenses. ?
Please provide the resources and organizations, thank you
I would like to know if there is any organization for low income families
Angela Rivera vs Samuel McHan
Great do you know if Catholic charities are known for help with my arrears?
Are there any free legal services for this kind of thing?
Yeah, it has been incredibly stressful and the financial impact has already been substantial
I see potential financial hardship on my end. We currently collect social security survivors benefits
Point is im suffering, I struggle trying to have a normal life,she caused a lot of damage and I believe she should pay
CV Manhattan civil court.   consumer debt   Medical debt
Can you refer me to utilities assistance agency and tell me requirements for rental assistance?
well they all cater to the people without homes they dont care about debt
none of those organizations helped me i just told you they didn't
Hello I need legal help about a situation
RPI Ph.D. Student: Title IX, Employment, and ADA Disability Discrimination Case
I need low cost if not free because I do not know if I have any grounds at all?
The plantiff said I caused him and rendered him to be sore,lame and disabled
But my sponsor is not responsible for me financially? Have to provide healthcare?
I don’t know what happened. The system told me to restart
What are they? One site has a will form that says "Personal  Representative" And not 'executor'.
It’s okay , I’m alive thank god
I understand, such an sensitive situation, he is a black male.  I
I know section 473 of social services law condemns this action
I am clueless as it’s been a month and I need my weekly benefits
Which is why the standards of professional conduct are important in this case.
She work's at a different hospital doing idk what but she also work's with patients
Okay, thank you for all of your assistance Candace. I greatly appreciate it!! 😊😊
This is helpful. my only other question is: Would legal be involved in having medicaid and disability services transferred from one state to another?
Yes I've tried several and was told my income level is above threshold.  Even though I'm on 100 % SSD a disabled Veteran who works PT.
I looked at the Legal Aid Society and City Bar Justice websites.
I would like to apply for emergency food stamps
thanks.  no thanks I am in a union I can get one
I need to find a form for Substituted Service
Need information on court order violation
Ok perfect thank you so much. Is there any Financial help that the state is providing I might not know about?
I would like to get information or seek legal assistance on overturning an other than honorable military discharge from 20 years ago.
Property management charges me for water and sewage like they are a utility company is this legal?
I have abusive son ( verbally and physically on occasion)
This is Diana Proske from Neighborhood Legal Services.
My CPS case worker says I have been “indicated of inadequate guardianship” and I am afraid to lose my job
Yes I need free legal resources
Can you help me with some information about the recertification process for benefits
are there any organizations that specifically help disabled people?  how about autistic people?
i have another question, is there groups that can provide pro bono service for incorporation of a new non profit focusing on affordable housing causes?
Ok.Thank you. The system and valves works well. This morning it  runs a while. I heard that
This is a private school and there is no union for teachers who work there.
I am seeking assistance in a civil court case for my son. He is on public assistance pending social security
I need help with my debt credit cards. Would like a consultation.
That's my last question.. ty for your patience and knowledge
I recently had foot surgery and I am on disability. What smooth I do
You provided me with a 5 different organization regarding discrimination
I would like to get help in creating an article of incorporation for a religious organization ( church) we are starting
Okay...Have a wonderful day.  Thanks for your help and your patience.
He was offered a public defender and now has one, so I am confused.
Perhaps if I posed as an undocumented, transgendered, black lesbian Muslim they would take my case. Hmmnn ...
(some provide brief advice and some provide full presentation)
i have high bill from medial provider. your organzation can help?
How long from a sexual harassment situation can you take legal action?
Yea i'am so lost im only doing what she told me to do
Is it illegal for a utility company to shut off your gas during Covid?
and the willful sharing of that information to unauthorized personel.
Hi, I'm looking for a guide ab
im seeking legal services in Bronx county
I was told to seek legal help on how to manage the matter.
Hi hanna- you help to find free legal services?
..searched men’s rights organizations
Sure.   Don't you work for New York Department of Health?
Her nursing facility's hard to reach as you can imagine.
Thank you for all the information. Do you know if they provide pro bono ?
I am not willing to trade my autonomy and self-determination for clean laundry. Can I get clean laundry while keeping my self-determination?
I’m looking for medical mal practice
yes general info on civil liberties  would be helpful.
I'm looking for free legal help.
naw thanks tho nicole. one more question is it mandatory for social workers to check in on you?
Got injured at work and now have a hearing coming up
Hello Chelsi!  Yes, are you able to help answer questions regarding eligibility for the Pandemic Unemployment Assistance?
At what age does financial responsibility end for a 20 year old in New York
Yes I would like legal representation. I tried to do as much research and documents the best I can . I need help
And a lawyer to shut down any human rights issues.
I need more information on the issue of misleading a client
Looking to file for back maintenance  support
So do u know legal service for something like this?
would this issue be considered “harassment?”
Unfortunately the debtor is currently unemployed and in between jobs
YES.Good afternoon. I recently visited california and I’m mandated to quarantine,can I apply for unemployment?
Oh wow you are bomb!!! I will share this with my colleagues.
I supplied my lawyer with all my financials and everything they asked for
I need help and have a lot of proof of misused finances and more.
Ok give me the information about the free legal services
I am 63 years old i live on disability.
a few others related to non-profit boards. Are you knowledgeable in this area?
Chocolate may be better! Lol thank you again, especially on a volunteer basis! Hope you have a great day!
I would like to know the laws behind all of this
I am also a full time college student. Unemployed as well
Can both parents become legal guardians to their disable children?
Thank you so much. Are this resources that you gave me are free of charge?
What is constituted as prenatal abandonment when she cuts communication?
I am looking for assistance with a medical malpractice case. Representation if possible. Or assistance finding forms for a pro se claim.
I have been a victim of physical and mental abuse for five straight years I've almost had to turn to prostitution
I'm looking for assistance in Education Law
Im seeking some assistance to help me with a discrimination issues
can you tell me how I can get someone serviced in your state
Are these all free services? I have been unemployed since the pandemic started
I fear he is being neglected.  They both are drug users with no place to live
Thank you so much for your great efforts, will certainly do   , much appreciated have a good day!
Also I'm disabled on disability if that helps
I just want structure for my son so he is able to see us both equally and rationally
How do i find the online form for a refrain order
Do I need a lawyer? Her father is an alcoholic & has hardly been in our daughter's life, nor has he contributed any financial assistance
Give me the information about the free legal services
hospital is not providing care and does not allow me to transfer to another hospital
I need acess to FULL Legal Representation in Housing Court
I meant non can handle.... not bob “”””
Is there a  legal aid organization that handles criminal/police misconduct matters
But it seems to only cover two misdemeanor charges. Or can you have tw removed and still have one
Can they help with SSDI applications. I have a 26 year old on the autism spectrum.
Good morning  I am looking for clarification on " emancipation "
at least to benefit future potential victims
Do you know if there is exist any rules for part-time superintendent?
oh?, if they are married and have two incomes? and she is I know he has her on her medical is that the same?
what is my issue?? health law ?? civil rights?  Privacy??
Could you provide me with where to find legal guardianship papers as well?
I would like to appeal an other than honorable discharge status.
Elder law, Guardianship of an adult and Administration
Senior who was taken advantage by a landscaping company.
his debt exceeds small claims court amount so what is my recourse?
Hi, do you help with social disability Benefits
* Citywide - The Legal Aid Society at (646) 264-1306
Also, hat will she need to do regarding service on the other parties?
Yes, some general information about being sued for a debt would be helpful
i have no legal representation at the moment so I am left to fend for myself.
Hi my name is miles Townes. I have a few. Questions about public assistance
I interpret that as sexual harassment, but it was day 2 so I kept quiet because I didn't realize she was a monster
I need advocacy in Onondaga County. Do you serve this area, or can you refer me to someone who does?
I've tried many number on the website but I can't seem to find free legal representation.
will the court generate the documents that i need to serve her with?
I want to move on and find better employment and or even a training that can get me to better finiancial situation.
Do know of any great local credit repair programs
They also dont want to be involved with him. How would this work?
and I immediately sent them the two requested documents verifying my identity
i couldn't tell from the titles of those if they deal with the ADA, americans with disabilities act
I'm disabled any numbers would be a great help.
My name is Harmony and I'm a social worker. I
Legal Aid, Volunteer lawyers Project, Neighborhood Legal Services
otherwise , if i am in the wrong place i am sorry for wasting your time.
Okay then thanks. I’ll call the board of education again. Thank you so much
ok so what can I share with you so you can help me find legal resources that pertain to my specific needs?
I would also like some information on debt collection. What can the company do to collect?
I will accept any information you have available. I have tried southern  tier services, and they cant help. Not much here in this country.
Thank you for helping me to understand LiveHelp today, Greg!  Best of luck to you in school.  Lauren
She use to tell her friends to come over and one night I was raped the boy was 13
my question is about relocation. Would you be able to assist me with breaking it down for me?
Thank you I will do so if I have any problems. Which I don't want to become a nuisance. Good day to you
I would like to know if I can see a social worker or if there are organizations that can help me
My 6th grader has been excluded from remote learning for immunizations she has
Yes,l want to know if l can get cash assistance if l don't have all the documents?
The problem i have had is many people only deal with state disability etc
He has two misdemeanors in his background but has turned his life around.
Is there legal assistance for free for understanding a work contract?
That you may share with me. And if I do require legal representation can you provide me with organizations.
Is there any federally funded services to be provided according to the state constitution giddion mandate
Looking for resources for LGBT couples has been difficult.
are these free? With actual situation I’m a little broke
Private small company with less than 10 employees
Can police officers Hall my grandson away from school
Do you have website of one organization is called CAMBA or Asian?
I have a low  income family and would like to know if there is any organizations I could go to
I need help starting a guardianship process for 3 children
id really like to speak to a trained legal expert to understand my options.
Gasoline, railroad tickets was explained as reimbursable but never was.
Thank you, the whole things very confusing and frustrating, i feel robbed
No thats was my main purpose I really need to help her get help
Would there be  any other resources you would be able to  provide me in regard to this  matter?
Thank you! Are there similar organizations to legal aid that provide these services?
Exactly what is the definition? We both have serious health issues.
Please note only source of income is that pension and social security!
Thank you, organizations would be helpful as well.
Sent me covid info, general law info and links to legal aid Syracuse
Yes  do I need a financial disclosure form also?
I need help finding the annual guardianship report to print for an incapacitated adult.
Who do I contact in reference to immigration issue? is there number to call?
need to be responsible for her medical and financial affairs
we are a repair shop that has a outstanding bill on an abandoned wreck
I’m looking for help with disability laws in nyc
I wanted to see how she should proceed with this and what documents she should complete
It helped me.  Quest once the forms are done how long is the process
How do i get help w/this? Regarding laws amd such?
i meant to log into the consumer debt program
ok thanks, these are 2 pro bono links for help with unemployment?
Can the father contest this and would they let him take the child
I need assistance with information about my legal rights only
are all the above you referred legal help or they also provide therapy?
the collection place Saint Paul mn
So, I can't   go right now I have time. It would be for no purpose??
I want the names of probono attorneys who help homeless people.
I need referral to free legal service probono or otherwise can you help?
I need info regarding Guardianship Explanation
Yes, I understand. Both are civil matters, from Employment issues.
Governor Cuomo put in place a new rule
Is there anyone that can help me with a summons for debt collector?
constant estrangement from studies and life skill opportunities
(any free legal service providers from our site?)
sorry 17 soon to be 18 in november but is disabled
Just did. Thanks so much! These links you provided are links to file complaints and legal help?
Yes I am in a position where I have no source of income or a job and am currently disabled from work
Do you know if there are resources where former judges offer those kind of services?
Are there any pro bono service if I do not quality for low income?
that's good  :)  are there any others?  in my experience, not all free legal services organizations are created equal
my father is a Vietnam veteran, 73 yrs old
I am a genuine victim with 6 broken bones
anyway to keep confidential to avoid drama
I take care of adults with developmental disabilities and I am a mandated reporter
Does your organization provide temporary legal representation to low-income parents?
good afternoon, I would to get some information about copyright law
He has to start with a learners permit then graduate to a drivers license.
Does your firm help disabled people with their disability benefits?
I need help getting my license back
Yes we need free legal services.
I will try to use the resources given to me thank you for your help have a great day
Hello my name is Joseph Torres I am in dire need
Could you refer me to an organization that could help with mental health criminal issues?
hello good afternoon my name is odyyssey rodriguez and im seeking help pertaining my children
Ok but what about his Debts? Like credit cards utility bills and more ?
ok and would that also be for finance sport
Isfsu has provided us with name but number is not connecting
He used drugs and was homeless for a very long time.
Thanks! Yes, we're working around community building and education
Hello my name is Julie Garcia I am deaf
Good morning I would like to assistant finding a lawyer for a debt collector that sent me a summons
I need help finding a lawyer or information how to move forward on two separate incidents.
This is a specialized hospital and the success of surgery is important to person’s work
i did not return to work and i lost my job i picked up my items and gave me key.
So maybe the legal services line would help
I need to know how can I get legal help
In the free legal services is there help for topics related to small businesses
I need help finding free legal services
Great! God bless you! I appreciate this more then you know!
I’m looking for free legal assistance in a case
I have legal aid the tell me i cant and only tell me because social services says it it true
i found the site when searching for debt scam information
Church world services takes everyone right?
Alison, thank you for your help today. I appreciate it SO MUCH!!! THANK YOU
Im need help looking for legal representation?  I don't believe you are affiliated with any legal firms nor groups either.
Yes. I need free legal help for veterans.
our chat ended around 11am.  He provided me resources to get legal and other guidance on a hate crime, sexual violation, attempted blackmail and extortion
Yes something like that meaning financial assistance
She is not intellectually disabled or developmentally disabled though
how do we know we qualify for the free service and representation
The NY health care market place
She gave me her financial documents but only selected pieces
you also mentioned you help with workers rights and public benefits
Caeden I will have to finish up with you later - Dennis will be in touch
Do you know of any grants that I can get to paid for legal services?
Hi. I was the victim of cyber sexploitation. Included sexual violation, attempted blackmail and extortion - along with lgbt hate bias
deadbeat isnt paying cs , and is not a vet who just got approved for disability
just so I understand, this website is a state backed non-profit help for people who need advice on legal issues?
our American Civil War was fought over these things
Not professional at all even with me contacting her about the physical damages that’s what happened to my face
they give legal advice, but not legal representation
I'm still not sure if freelance is considered self employment or not.
I need a lawyer to help me with a problem with the Department of Education
I'm retired and collecting social security
When I called Ontario Legal Aide, they told me that they did not have funding for the Veteran work they used to do.
public defendor says they are not authorized to assist
I am behind in my rent had a car accident and I been out of work
Are there free lawyers? Iam on unemployment right now
thanks, I dont need legal help
I need help in a zoning issue and need legal representation to ensure it's done fairly
Yes...I am UN married.so I have equal rights?
I have heart failure and not personally go to courthouse
Free or low cost to retain because I'm not working. I'm on ssi benefits.
I am a full time college student and unemployed
I understand this but are those benefits considered as income? They’re not public benefits but rather federal and non taxable
many thanks!! we will definitely use these resources. hope you'll have a great day!
if someone refers you to the ny unified court system, is that the same as the numbers and info you have provided me?
Thank you so much.  I work as as maintenance and I'm not too familiar with legal issues.
Possibly, the list of organizations, are they known for doing Pro-Bono work?
I need a free lawyer for the law suit from a credit debt
Are there legal advocates or free help that I can access?
worker defense leagure, did you give me more than one?
A debt consolidation company that has ripped me off badly
I am a high school student with no source of employment
New representation I am aiming to comply with DSS but they need to work with my disability
need to learn about grandmother right, is legal representation required
She works at Helen Hays... essential worker in nursing
I would like to know if I qualify for your free legal services
I was told I couldn’t go for guardianship they lied and have been neglecting their duties
I would like to know how to answer a summons - i am being sued for a debt
Federal atty.s /advocates has been a unicorn search.
Please help find free legal services. Would they have to originate in the county she resides in?
Can i do a elderly guardianship case if the person is still competent?
Can 17 year old get Emancipation?
Is there a phone number for Legal Aid Society Bronx?
The person currently occupying the position of director.
I would like to get help how to create articles of incorporation for a religious organization that is being started
Yes. Initially I was rectifying for regular snap benefits
That's okay, thank you. I can try the resources you've given me.
And I am still not able to certify for weekly benefits or get paid
and for ignoring social distancing and proper dress rules
Yes I lost joseph again—- can I get back to him?
i was sued several times for debt not mine
I am 57 yrs old she has compromised my health physically and has exasperated my PTSD.  Bronx NY
I got cut off can't get it back
Also if I get remarried will that effect my social security income?
hey Fernanda can you help me with a question regarding unemployment and the cover 19?
are these lawyers "pro bono" or "legal aid" workers?  money is a bit of an issue
is There a law requiring foreign tenants to have American guarantors ?
I need to get some information about how to appeal a court decision regarding a traffic ticket
I need information on how to assign a legal guardian to my child.
do you offer flyers or posters or anything that could help use to display you as a resources to our participants?
Can you help me find the forms and tell me how to submit them?
I just recieved a call saying i owe a debt and they are going to serve me
I have a question: if I need to make repairs to my apartment, should I contact the landlord in writing?
I need a copy of my certificate of relief of disability from 2000 from bronx probation
Thanks. Do you if the organization for the website you provided me, does it specialize on helping Latinos who have been discriminated against, etc?
No worries, this stupid supposed deadline date is freaking me out, mentally... I need my medical coverage, I can't lose that.
i dont need a program i need the forms
Ok. I will check there and let you know if I need further resources.thank you
Can u call me 716-861-0476 to discuss...some UI benefits lapsed while I was hospitalized
how much can I sue if I was abused and born disabled?
government closed businesses non essential
I can call office a victim services and get my registration number
is there anything else you can help with regarding my drivers license suspention?
Also, the person made false statements on the OOP.  I was the actual victim and suffered injuries. How can I address this legally?
If you have the new guidelines and information regarding this pandemic,  that would be greatly appreciated
she infected 26, vulnerable people,  3 of whom have died
im a nurse practitioner of 18 years
Ok but I work but also live with someone can that make qualified
So, I started trying to get into fetish work to share my love of it and help some people feel more comfortable with their needs.
Yes I also need information on getting a public defender for my case
would be great, thank you, would you also suggest to contract the Public Administrator?
