By any law is the father that is paying for child support need to provide health insurance for the child?
Is a non custodial parent required to pay child support after age 21 for a college student?
The magistrate gave me a child support of $872 per month when I have 50/50 custody of my daughter
Ok well is child support from her dad I'm the 1 on the case he is not paying anything & it is just adding up
Yes. I support her and fully pay for sporting events and school activities as well
Yes and the mother was still getting the child support money.
I have a child support order in chenango county from last year, I have no income, they have me paying $67 weekly
I had social security place a dependency stop on the funds because she was not spending the funds on my child.
usually my payroll deducts my shild support, Since December I haven't been working. now the freeze my account. why?
But my child support payment is still going up
If someone is looking for visitation pay child support and have joint custody how do they proceed
How can this be?? In NYS the max you can be charged for support of 1 child with no income is 50/month
i havent been working since 2018 an my child support keeps going up an up
So what can i do right now if i am not receiving any income from my husband to support our child?
Yes and I’d also like to know if we can still receive child support because she’s continuing her education
How often are child support payments issued a month?
Good morning I’m currently 22 years of age and still in foster care
Yes, but I can’t afford an attorney. My exhusband doesn’t pay child support, and he gets a free lawyer.
I no longer receive child support however he is obligated to pay college tuition, and has neglected to do so.  Which form do I use?
I have a credits card.  Childplace credit card.  Thay always charge me.
My ex husband owes child support and has not been making payment
How do I change my child support petition from paying weekly to monthly due to covid 19 circumstances?
I am paying child support and my son has been living with me for 3 months now
Hi I’m Kaitlyn. My father stopped child support payments when my mom died in July.
I’m also working from home and my children are still going to school remotely
NO, HE PAYS THE CHILD SUPPORT.  HE'S ALSO SUPPOSED TO PAY 70% OF ANY MEDICAL BILLS INCLUDING MEDICAL INSURANCE AND HE IS NOT PAYING THAT
I can't pay child support anymore
Thank you. How can I stop receiving child support payments?
Is there a way I cant be put on child support since I already give her cash
i pay child support i would like to have joint custody
No. My child support obligation is too much, I am on unemployment can I make a specific monetary modification to reflect my loss of work?
What about the freeze in my bank axcounts from Child Support sent to my bank
also since she is married does her and her income count together against mine for child support
Hi, I lost my job because of COVID. I am no longer able to pay child support. I need help modifying my child support order.
I'm paying child support but my son is living with me while his father is deployed
My lawyer suggested asking for an add on expense, in addition to the child support, so I would not have to rely on reimbursements
yes i also was charged with child support in two different states which is illegal
i need help sending documents showing im no longer working and cant pay child support how can i do that
Can I still get child support from the other parent if I have full custody?
court date got moved i do not know for what date but my support keeps adding up
I am the person paying $$ child support and my son has decided to enlist..
I started sending her money last week via zelle. The child support money that my ex pays.
Child Support, has a restraining order on my bank account. I can't pay my bills, food gas, to go to and from work.
I owe child support but i only recieve social security 8841 and they charge me 572 a month
I don’t have the exact amount because he’s been violating the support order for years
I want my child support increased because the father is making more money and he is spending less time with the child.
she came back to me in May of this year and they are still taking out child support
Hi!  I am currently receiving child support. due to financial reasons I recently switched from part time to full time.
My name is Michael witter I'm not working so I can't pay child support
so he can really get out of paying me support? even though he has millions in stock in his personal investment portfolio?
So I can get my financial aid for college without having to put in their income, since they dont support me anymore.
I want to get visitation rights and pay child support
If a child is at 21 how can I stop the payments from getting taken out of my check
My bank account is froze and need to access to what little money I do have to support my kids I live with
That means even if my income increase do not affect child support?
Understood, I live out of state. I'm really hoping support payments end after obligations are fulfilled. Ty
I paid child support at every month but this month i didnt see them i didnt pay yet
My child is no longer attending school she is now working  two job and she is also a parent
and I would like to know what do I have to do to stop paying child support
i dont pay child support for him anymore since he lives with me
He don't give extra money. Has not pay child support in a yr. I have got his check the gov is give everyone
Hi, I lost my job because of Covid. I am no longer able to pay child support. Can you help me?
I file for spousal support and don’t know where I receive the money
I need diy Form for family court to stop payment on child support
I’M still paying child support plus insurance
yes I the father been on child support for 7!years
And I am still paying the child support but my son decided to love with me
she’s going on vacation almost every month but is telling me she can’t afford to pay for childcare
if both parties agree to waive child support can the judge say no and make the father pay?
I would like to find out if my support payments will stay the same after my child turns 18, without modifications of support.
A hearing for violation for non payment of support
And made me pay child support and arrears
Would the support magistrate ever exempt a party from paying child support?
The fact that child support is charging interest like a credit card as well is extremely outrageous and very anti semetic
HRA overcharged me close to $70,000.00 in child support and they cannot explain how they came up with their figures!
There are so many different places I was told.My ex is not paying his support and we really need the money. This is a mess
My husband stopped paying court ordered spousal support, I do not have a lawyer to help me
has older child paying for her own food, etc...
Hello I am currently paying child support but due to the Coronavirus I am unemployed what should I do?
My son just turned 21 , do I have to do anything to stop child support payments or does the system automatically stops it
bank levy in family court for child support arrears
I need information i am currently paying child support and she does not live with my son
Support money was stolen from my card out the atm.
Hi, I lost my job because of Covid. I can no longer pay my child support. Can you help me?
so I want to  file a modification so I can be credited all I paid in child care
Hi, my daughter just turned 21. I know support payments end but do I still go thru family court for back support I never received ?
And also should I stop paying child support payment while I’m in the process of filling it
yes right now their mother is receiving child support for all 3 of them
Grandma got custody, and then I was served child support papers, Stating I resided with the child. Flat out lie.
Hi. I haven't recieved child support since August 2019
I'm not working now but my job as a school bus driver is paying me. I work for a private co. Not a school district.
Basically I went up to child support to find out why I didn't receive it
my child was adopted and im still being charged child support
child is above 18 and moved to another state.
he no longer wants to pay child support
He was I'll for long time. Between child care and catstrfic heating and electric bills I just could keep my head above the bills
Unemployment as well as child support has stolen money from me
legal so I won’t get put on child support
I wanted to know if you dont let my abuser see the baby doesnt he have to still pay child support
Haven’t been able to pay child support due to company shut down and haven’t been able to find a job
The custodial parent died.  I'm still paying child support. What now?
im also being charged for children in which my rights were termianted yrs prior
I need help im paying child support who is not living with her custodial parent
if am paying child support and move in with my child do i still have to pay ?
I can’t be paying childsupport that he is not receiving and helping him out as well.
Yes, but the current custody case is in Oneida county. I now have custody of my son but I'm still paying his mother child support
Or can we somehow have our informal agreement formalized by the court with the child support payments directly deposited into my foreign bank account?
i need the petition ppwk for my child support case... he is not paying his portion of daycare thats on the order
Thank you..also to note, non-custodian parent pays child support to us thats filed in state of NY.
im obligated to pay child support im currently unemployed and need to motify my payments
How do I get a child support order so I can transfer my case to another state
I live I nj ,but I have case in Brooklyn NY ,I pay child support and I need support modification..
But i am still currently paying child support even though the children are here with me
the question asks who pays support and while he pays maintenace i pay chld support. so i don't know how to answer that
Hi. I need records that prove I paid child and maintenance payments to SCU in the year 2004
He is not active in her life and only pays child support.
Ok so i have joint custody of my son, i pay my sons father child support because he resides with his father primarily
The judge ordered him to pay all back child support by Dec. 7
How can I order a court because I’m not getting the money from child support
I get $50.00 a week in child support for two children. the last order was back in 2013 and their father wasnt making much then.
i can contact an attorney i just wasn not sure how both parties worked with paying the support
My job is trying to fire me because I own child support, and tills me I have three days to pay it
You been married with her for 1 year living together but now you’re divorce with her can she charge you for child support?
will they make me now pay child support to him till she is 21?
i have a question I paying child support for my daughter but my health insurance is thru my job but is too expensive
And if they do find him will he have to pay back child support from the time he stopped working
and judgement  came out she has to pay $200 week plus kids medical expenses of 50%
I pay child support. I am in arrears 45,000
It would be an agreed average amount  of add on expenses. That could be paid monthly along with the child support
the respondent has also been making voluntary child support payments for awhile, will these be deducted from the final child support order?
how much money should to pay for a child in new york a man divorcing his wife
Is the custodial parent required to live with the child to continue receiving support ?
We just don’t want to be in trouble no income for support to be taken out
and also can I stop child support payment ?
my kids are over 21 years now how can I stop the payment
I don't know how the courts find non-payment of spousal support non essential.  I cannot pay my mortgage, car payment, credit cards
no I need a copy of child support document for proof that  pay child support and court  ordered for buying new house
Hi, I live with my husband and our 3 year old son. Husband is refusing to participate financially in rent and child care etc.
does that mean I have to go to court again? To reinstate my child support
ten dollars per day per child
I received child support for a short time when the father lived in Florida.
So my monthly income is 1500.00 total. 1200 survivor benefits for other children, 300.00 cleaning job income
I had to let him go because I wasn’t receiving  money to take care of my child
Get this case over with. Have the judge tell him it's enough already because he does this hes not paying support.
I called to see Why so much is still coming out of my check cause  I paid all support and arrears
He lives in my house so how I'm paying child support
In addition to child support. What else do I need to pay for.
My sons father owes over 11 thousand in childsupport wat steps do i take to make him pay
For the corona virus my company lay off me  so I don’t have work and not money to pay child support
My kids father hasn’t been supporting my children
I have 50/50 custody.  I also pay a small amount of child support.  I would to end payments.  How would I go about it?
Okay. Their mom is collecting this support meanwhile my 16 year old hasn't been in school since March.  What can I do?
I would like to get custody, and stop paying her mother current support.
My child turned 21 and I was told that my payment has stop. However every week they are still taking child support
If I have prove that my daughter live with me do I have to pay child support
How can I open a case for no payments from chield support?
i got a bill from the child support of $1886
I currently pay child support for 2 children, I have recently been diagnosed with ALS and am being forced to retire
I have been ordered to pay child support.  However, the company  that is assigned to be middle man,  takes out any amount
they say i have to pay 17 percent plus 30% for Childcare , she makes triple my salary
I'm paying child support but I can't continue paying the same amount because I'm out of work
so it is best to contact the Child Support Unit for this concern due to loosing my job right?
I had a child support case yesterday and i need to object to it. I feel the amount i have to pay is unfair.
Does he still have the rights to stop me gor taking my child?
I'm still paying child support for 2 kids.
why do i have to pay support if i have the children half of the time in sullivan county
Yes thank you without my licence I can't drive and pay support
can’t pay child support amount
I would like to child support make me a plan payment
i pay child support for my younger son that lives with his mother
if the father has never been involved in his child life because that was his choice
i cant pay child support anymore
How can I stop child support payments from my paycheck once my
I am afraid of getting in trouble because I can't pay child support.
Hi I'm the non custudial parents I want to ask if I can stop paying support if my son stay with me .
Is it necessary to fill out a wage and health benefits report for an employee that is already paying child support and health benefits
the child no longer live with the mother and I’m still paying for child support
The automated support payments remove 40% of my unemployment paychecks and this means I cannot pay rent
I am the father and the recent child support increase has made it where I cannot even afford my rent anymore
And both my kids receive benefit money from me every month
Why am I still getting child support papers from in the past my daughter is 29 years old
I lost my job due to Covid. I can no longer afford my child support payments. I'm afraid of going to jail.
I’m don’t had money payment childport
2- I owe child support but I been paying that money 3 years ago
lol, I am low income after I pay support!!!
i understand but if it’s not coming out of the child support Payments he will not pay it
Her father pays children support also they said it's not establishment of maternity
My sons father owes over 11thousand in child support wat steps do I take to make him pay
i need copies of my child support obligations that i pay
So I hear a lot about child support. Does it negatively impact the non-custodial parent if they pay
I lost my job because of Covid. I can no longer afford my child support payments. I'm afraid of going to jail.
I need help in a case that I half to pay DHHS when I’m already paying child support.
I dont have a job and I'm not able to paid chil support
Had a support adjustment on September 29 and I would like a copy. Payments went down retroactive but how do I collect
in order to not pay chil support . She doesn’t have his last name
How much child support non custodial parents suppose to pay each week in New York
This isn’t about what I pay , it’s about what VA and NY take outside of Childsupport for themselves
The father pays child support for other children
I need to see if I can get my child support lowered I am not making enough money to pay for my rent and food
her father has not been making the child support payments up to date and has arreaes
How can I reduce my late child support payments
Is my spouse obligated to pay child support if I move out
But she wants me to pay for braces I give her child support as well
Good morning how do I go about stop paying child support
He did not follow the court order to pay all the back support
UGH, not Hathaway, I meant support that had been paid, sorry
And I pay 172.00 per week child support and dont make much money and am looking for an attorney that does pro bono work
I told them he wasn't paying support in court and they didn't beleive me and didn't check
Child support takin money from me and my children reside with me
is his father still suppose to pay child support?
I want to know how can I get the courts to start taking out money for child support
no only child support. but he has stop baying that also
To end a child support case my child has lived with me for 2yrs now but I'm still being charged cs
hi, so i am 18 and i live with my mother, my father pays child support
I have one child that I’m on child support for and I have 3 others that do live with me
Child support, Living expense for 3 years since the divorce, and 50% of the retirement fund.
what should I do die hungry and keep on paying child support even she is not in the USA
How much child support non custodial parents pay each week in New York
My ex wife canceled my child support, but there still taking deducting my pay check
There is also a balance due on my child support enforcement unit account. He hasn't paid a dime
financially i cannot afford to pay child support until i get another job
i would usually send the kids to him every other weekend before Covid
I just don't want him to take me to court to pay him child support
My son turns 21 on April 21 2020 does child support end and do I need to do something in order to stop wage garnishment
how can i go about the debt for child support if i cannot afford to pay it all
I want my money back. Child support took about 20,000usd last year from me when or payments should have been offset!
In the state of New York , if a parent doesn't pay child support can they still get visitation
I am not receiving child support payments, how do I put a violation?
I have no problem paying for my daughter Child support but it;s double dipping .. I think....
I am paying child support and would like to know does automatic payments end when my child reaches the age of 21?
For example, he works short term jobs to avoid paying child support. He keeps his money out of banks to avoid paying.
I am unable to pay child support any longer
I'm being charged child support my daughter joined the all forces 9 months ago I what can I do about this
I pay child support I’m on the birth certificate
No they weren’t adopted , but I would like to temporarily place them into foster care yes
I don’t mind paying child support
I would like to take my daughter father off from paying child support.
also, can I still ask for her child support that she almost never paid after the custody been reversed?
I need advice because my child father is harassing me and once proof that I've been spending money on my child on child support
how can i get information so i can stop paying child support
DSS is trying to make me pay almost 9 thousand dollars for saying that I did not report income child support
i live in Florida and the child support is to high because i don't get paid that i work in ny
I don't pay the support, I receive the support therefore Im not asking to lower the support amount.
I am a parent in New York Brooklyn and paying child support
Hello I need help welfare has been taking my money for about 1year my children was in foster care and the father went and
I lost my work in March , been on unemployment  since and still pay child support,  I can't afford it
Yes my boyfriend hasn't seen his daughter. He doesn't pay child support . And the mother doesn't allow him to see her
if my daughter lived with me for a year and went to school in my District do I still have to pay child support
And the test was positive and now he is hidden his asset to not pay child support.
Court. We already have an order for child support the judge wants our pay stubs
Hes doing this because I jus modified the child support order because he has only been paying $55.00 a month.
OK, And this is the best way to find out how to put in for a refund from the state child support department?
what form would I need to summit if I lost my job and can’t pay the settlement to my child support.
I asking why i am paying child support when im legally disabled
I NEED TO STOP HER FROM TAKING MY CHILD OUT OF THE STATE
and they can change my payment of child support if I can show then my situation ?
And our child support case is done, they are already taking money out of my check
I pay arrears for Childsupport But two states are involved .
I need my child support payments changed
my unemployment was 333 after child support i was only getting 134 a week until the extra 600 came in
I pay child support..I want to print out my payments
My kids father are back together. An shouldnt pay child suport while we live together and take carw of the kids together
Yes. My name is Dwayne Tuff. I completed paying on child support an they're asking for money
modification of child support. so i get my tax return from 2018. havent had any income since then
not looking to receive support just stop mine until daughter goes back to live with her mother in NY
Children support is taking money from to different jo
How do i get child support to stop takin money for kids thats in my care
I pay Child support and I get Snap benefits ( Cash & Food Stamps) how will that workout here in the bronx.
Thank you this child support processing center is like the mafia. They don't care they just want to get paid.
hello. need help with chid support payments
How do I go about filing to get child support payments
But not paying childsupport I contacted as but since I am not on welfare or food stamps they really don't help me
I was told by someone that if the child lives with you then why are you paying support to the non custodial parent
I need to stop child support payments
Hello I need my child support payments reduced.  I have two Children over 21
he also stopped sending child support
Hello. I already pay child support but what if I want it re-evaluate it. Can I do that?
I want to pay child support and pick him up every friday night after work and drop him off sunday night.
i have residential custody of my grandson. I have violated the father 4 times for non payment of support
i been taking care of  my child giving money directly to mother
I already have child support why I did not get increase after two years
in regards to child support is it calculated based on a military member’s full pay or just base pay?
Hi, I lost my job due to Covid. I am no longer able to pay child support. I need help modifying my child support order.
YES.I was never married to the mother, Child support office is collecting the money
Am not working right now and can't make my child support payments.
Hello, I was granted by Kings Family court to place a lien against my son's father property for non payment of child support.
Ok I also haven't received any documents from child support enforcement unit
I agree that support should end. Question is can I be legally responsible for repaying support for the time she has not been home
Need the form to lower my child support, cannot pay it,lost job
Thank you! Child support payments are for 2 kids under 11 years old. Payments haven’t been made for a 1 year now
My son is officially emancipated, as he is serving in the US Marines at Parris Island, SC.  How can I stop paying the support order>?
My son is20 and moved out of my ex wife’s house. Do I still have to pay support ?
Can I get my child support transferred to Florida where my daughter lives
Ok, is nys child support allowed to take payments out of 2 different paychecks? That would be making my payment twice a month.
How do I calculate how much support I should be paying for 2 children?
Trying lower my child support payments
