His girlfriend has a restrain order against  him and they been living together for couple years now
I learned he had a past history of DV as well and violated a restraining order
i just need to know how can i obtain a restraining order without the arrest
This person has an extensive record of being violent . I would also like to get A restraining
I am experiencing harassment and i have been arrested on a false police report for assault.  I never assaulted anyone.  I am a veteran
Currently i am taking my landdlord to court for a restraining order. They have now abandonded the property and r
I fear for my child's life as well as mine since he was able to do such and he doesn't care about any restraining order
Do you know the website for the Queens court ? I need to send a restraining order
How can I file a restraining order on someone who is not in state
I have someone that needs to service someone with a restraining order. does the person contact the police department or is there a marshals list.
am i able to do an emergency restraining order online
I just have a question how much are the fees for a Attorney in a Restraining Order of protection
Have court for upcoming restraining order 3/11/2020,with Judge Mary Carney
I think we need a restraining order ? How do we do that? Or whatever advice u think could help
not sure exactly - I may need to seek temnporay injunctive relief/restraining order in a civil matter/relating to non criminal conduct
yes, she went to the police to get a restraining order
How can I know if a restraining order is possible after being threatened?
She has a restraining order against my son and I have no way of communicating with her.
I would have fought against the speeding ticket had I known about all of this
With regards to eviction,  restraining orders,  getting services,  calling the police e.t.c
I’d like to know how can I proceed to get a restraining order against someone
Are you a lawyer that will help with a restraining order case
I dont want to file a restraining order
yes, I was 22 and was arrested for "harassment" but it was dropped down to a fine
I need a restraining order against my children’s father
I am not sure about how to moving forward with filing harassment charges
i need to apply for a restraining order and custody
I need assistance getting legal direction of filing either a restraining order or protection order against a roommate
I am looking to file a restraining order but how does it work if I am going back to TX in a week?
I asked about The possibility of a restraining order after some threatening texts being received
Hi i want to get a restraining order against a roommate
I have a permanent disability and I have been served a subpoena restraining notice
yes. i just need help finding a form for restraining order
Where can I check where is my case and where I can send a restraining order for my daughter via email ?
The restraining order need to be put back in effect.
I was issued a family court restraining order. The Petitioner lied in the application. I have witnesses. What actions can I take. Ex Perjury?.
He has a court date set for November regarding the restraining order.
I want to know if a temporary three month restraining order stays on your record or does it get removed
yes i also had a restraining order against him and we do have a 11 e
I will need a lawyer because she has taken out a temporary restraining order and we have to go to court on oct. 30
Also she has been physically abusive and there is a police report but it is only considered harassment in the second degree.
My friends told me to get him a temporary restraining order
I’m the one who filed to have a restraining order again him
I would like to obtain a restraining order on both tenants if possible because of the harrassment
And I have had any arrest of any kind or any restraining orders of any kind in 6 years
I rec'd a information subpoena with restraining notice and was referred to you by legal aid
Is there a form for filing a restraining order in family court on behalf of the children?
Now, she accused me of assault and as a result I was arrested yesterday
