My roommate also lost his job due to business issues during Covid.
I am trying to start a roommate holdover case . I want to serve  60 days termination notice. I am looking for sample letter. Please  help
I need advice on a evection of a roommate. I have the lease on the apartment
Tenant issue with a roommate not paying her rent so it falls back onto the rest of us in the house
i think my landlord is trying to get me to leave my apartment
My roommate threatened violence and is refusing to move out on his own. Am I allowed to kick him out?
I am being threatened by my roommate who is an "acting landlord" for breaking my lease early
Hello, I am trying to find out my rights with regard to my neighbors smoking marijuana and thesmell entering my house. Can you help me?
I need help in evicting a roommate my girlfriend. She had assaulted me back in August, but she still hasn't moved on as of yet.
From my roommate, only that person. Saying I have 24 hours to find a new place to live.
I was inquiring about housing court eviction  of a roommate
I was wondering if I can evict a roommate that isn't on the least that I let move in with the landlord's permission
ive actually talked with both and been referred to the housing council both times.
but ihave the mponey i just waiting for the landlord to fix the apartment
Then he came at the end of 2016 and begged me to take him in for couple of weeks cuz his roommates kicked him out
who can I contact regarding that my roommate is continually having people over and I don’t feel safe because of COVID-19
pro bono lawyer representation to start a case roommate holodver case
I have been placed on unemployment and im behind on rent due to this COVID-19 pandemic and im facing eviction
i have rented an apartment back in October and I rented the other room to a roommate girl
high risk of contracting covid and the roommate is  bringing unwanted visitors as well
I would like to evict a roommate for non-payment
Has been  pressuring us to move. My roommate strongly believes that we have the right to stay  until at least  June 20 if not longer
where can i get notice of termination for a roommate who is not in my lease
Also, do I as my roommates landlord have a right to a valid copy of his I.D.?
I’m seeking legal advice on filing petition on roommate holdover case
I’m renting a room in my apartment. How do I check if a prospective roommate has evictions on there record?
I live in Town of Southampton and until recently I had been living with a roommate that is an attorney
I am being brought to housing court facing eviction
he lived with 2 other roommates and they did not pay rent for 9 months or so
I think my landlord is trying to get me to leave my apartment
hes been in the apartment for 1.5years - but the last few months, his mental stability is wavering and it’s scary
She's always yelling at us about rent in front of her 8yr old child
yes I want to evict my roommate he has not pay rent since last moth he’s refusing to go
but, 2 other roommates left the apt during lease period and my son lived there by himself for several months
He sent us some photos as evidence but the truth is my roommate continued cleaning these things after he took these photos...
I'm trying to have a roommate who is unsafe to be around my child removed from my home
I found a broker online and she found me an apartment with a roommate who was looking for someone to move into the spare bedroom
i was abused and harassed by my landlord who was also my roommate
notirised notice was served to roommate asking to move out
HI, my landlord is trying to get me to leave my apartment
my ideal solution is to negotiate with roommate to make sure she moves out.
eviction court, housing court, roommate holdover case
Need help with roommate rights. If I’m not on a lease
I need some legal advice on a roommate situation in Manhattan.
I believe I was speaking to you before and lost you about wanting to sell my house I own with my ex-boyfriend
Currently there's only the two of us at the apartment, we have two other roommates who are away
hello, i am getting harrased by my 3 roommates . What can i do
