Thank you. I will look over this. Do you know if there is a form that I can use to modify the order?
well I was told to modify it with form 4-11. It has beem too long now my kids are grown!
Yes has an active case. Today they went to modify and an amount was made but it is still not sufficient
He gave me information to modify a visitation order and it got erase
Yes that's where I got the paperwork from to try to modify it the last 2 times I went to court
my mother has custody of my son and we are trying to modify the custody back to me
so I am requesting to go to in person to explain to the judge why i want to modify the custody agreement
hello i am trying to modify an oder online
looking on how to amend an affidavit for voluntary administration.
No i dont want to change or modify it.. We both want to close it..
The other parent also has a stipulation that a parent coordinator will help modify any custody modifications
i was laid off from work because of the situation going on and would like for my court order to be modified,what can i do?\
I would like to modify i believe thats what it is a custody case.
okay, thank you and by modify support order does that also include requesting a downward modification
i am looking for the form i need to modify my custody order. I would really like to be able to print it out
i need to modify my visitation /custody order via online
He asked me for a letter to be notarized to change to modify the amount taken
what forms do in need to file to modify some parts of an agreement
I am seeking to modify legal custody, not physical yet
Yes I would like to modify it please
they're there but my situation is not deemed inportant, which it is. i need to amend an order
in essence yes. My understanding is we can not modify the original agreement without a judgement.
I am looking for the g-14 form for a general form , notice of motion and I can't find it
how can i file or where can i find the petition to modify the temporary order of protection?
I was told to file a deposition to modify a court order on Nyfcsupport@nycourts.gov but i can seem to find where to do so
Please help me. Should I modify my court order?
Do you know if there is anyone I can speak to near Albany about whether or not I should modify my order?
Hi I want to modify my court order because of the covid19 pandemic
not to modify it. I recieved a notice today say my case it built but not active.. thank you
Thank you, I will contact them. Is there a form I can fill out to modify my court order in the meanwhile?
i would like to modify a court order for custody or visitations
I want to modify my court visitation order. I want to move out of state. What should be my steps ?
I wanted to find out a little about modify a previous custody order
I need help with few legal terms to amend the petition.
i was just wondering if a lawyer is needed to adjust a custody agreement
We don’t have a custody agreement so I don’t have anything to modify.
I want to see my daughters. They told me I have to modify the order of protection on the family court.
I would like to know what would be best. Filing to modify a visitation order or file a violation of the visitation order?
i wasnt sure if I needed to fill out a form to modify as well
I am just trying to find the appropriate form, as indicated to modify out of state custody.
You can’t modify based on change in circumstances if both parties are in agreement?
what form would I use to file to modify supervised visits
I'm only finding a way to modify an order and not start a new petition
im trying to find out what papers to file for custody. All the ones say modify existing pettition.
Hi I would like to know how I can modify a visitation order
I have in front of me a form 4-11 ...a petition to modify need help filling it out
