Please how can I get email address to send child support forms to please
what do i need to bring to a child support hearing?
Also how to I open a child support case and where do I send the form?
I would like to know what email to use to send to the courts for modifying child support
With the legal referrals, you sent this page: https://www.lawhelpny.org/find-legal-help/family-juvenile/child-support?location=Albany%20County
He has no other place to bring my child that is adequate for a child
i need help wit the ny child support email to send my petition
My child support is sent through the NYS collection
Where do I send a petition for child support in Buffalo NY?
before the pandemic I have appointment for child support and I’m waiting for another appointment and you not send to me
I need to send it to the child support unit and courts are closed now
ok, yea, that was taken care of several months ago. I need to start getting child support sent to me ASAP
where do I send my child support checks to? My case is in new rochelle
I can be given the fax number of where i shoild fax a petition for lack of payment of child support
I just wanted to know if I can have 3 child support applications mailed to me due to covid 19 .
The court order that was put in place for the child support order so I can send it in with the form 411
when serving a non-resident parent a child support petition, am I permitted to send the documents via certified mail to their out of state residence?
I had filed paperwork about an increase in child support and send it to wrong address and need to know the right address
the link you sent me looks like it is for custody, not support
Also how do I open a child support case and where do I send it to?
they first send me the child support letter
Hello I need to send paperwork to my daughter father for child support
I’m unsure what documents I would have to bring to court if I need child support
I'm a third party trying send a Child Support Verification would you be able to provide a fax number to me?
I am looking for a lawyer that can help me draft papers to send to the state to have a substantiated child abuse record sealed/expunged.
Where do I send the paperwork for a new child support modification change
I have been making direct payment to the custodian in stead of sending it to NYC child processing center .
Hi, what is the process of sending my child support modification papers to court and the other party?
Child support modification. I need more time for legal assistance since a new contact was sent to me last week.
well I printed off a petition for modification of my child support and I need to know an address to send it to
GOOD AFTERNOON CAN YOU PLEASE SEND  THE LINK FOR CHILD SUPPORT TO MY E-MAIL.
they cited the Child Support Act Treaty ni an email sent on April 20th
which is the email address to send my child support petition to ?
can I send 2 month worth of child support payment at once?
My ex sends the support payments when he feels like it and he has missed a payment.
I sent proof of payment to child suppport via email and yet they put a freeze on my bank accounts saying Im in arrears
Hi Jacquelyn, can I use this service to send a petition for change the child support
Ok trying to proactive some have said I should send a letter to the child support unit
No thats all. I just wanted to send a email to the office so they can help with my case for child support.
Here, you could have sent general info about child support via LIFT and then sent the child support modification
I  have my child support  application. I will like to know how can I send it to the family  court.
I need a Modification in child support form to be sent to me thank you
Can child support take a stemless check
How do I send my petition for child suppoer modification to the court
