Will need attorney for my mom needs get help rent that’s separate legal aide lawyer for her on SI
i am seeking a pro Bono employment lawyer
Yes. I am trying to find the best tenant /landlord attorney whom I’d like to hire privately . Joanne
where can i get free legal advice on a uncontested divorce in which a minor child is involved
I am looking for legal aide to help me with a hospital legal issue
I would like to know what form in family court do I fill out for temporary spousal support
And I want to know if I would qualify for financial assistance to hire an attorney in Chautauqua County
so i would like a mediator instead of having my case in front of a jude
Hello, I visited law help today as I am looking for a legal aide/ attorney whom work with Special Education & Person with disabilities
Sure. I need legal advice about marriage between an American and a foreign student non-immigrant
Good morning, I am a case planner seeking assistance for my client.
I know . My mom 75 got injury one week ago . She need legal service to represent her to hire injury attorney
I am currently searching for free legal assistant
I was laid off, my job just called me today telling me they have "eliminated" my Event manager position
would the attorney from LIFT advice whether my case would require hiring a lawyer
i called the first office You provided they said they can’t help me I’d need to hire a private attorney
Hi how can I get help with legal assistant ?
what form do I fill out ask family court judge for help getting court appointed lawyer
Hello, i need a legal representative for my court hearing, since i can not afford to hire one. How do i proceed with this?
She needs legal assistance to walk thru steps and complete forms.  She cannot afford to hire a regular attorney due to cost.
the judge stated I have right to legal aide attorney
Hi I need an employment attorney attorney
Hi, I’m looking  legal assistant in a family court matter
I want a legal assistant  for name change
Hi I am a case manager with a client who needs assistance
hi i need a legal advisor in an immigration issue
Hello how can I apply or fill out custody application and submit online since family court is closed
I need assistance , from a law advisor on my rights as a single mother
Or would I need to hire a different attorney for the divorce
How do I go about legal aid for an attorney or wouldnt I need one
Do you think it’s better to work with my accountant or an attorney with my situation?
I don’t think she will hve problems but i want to get legal advisor
Is there anywhere I can chat online with a legal advisor
Good morning, I am a case planner seeking assistance for my client
My daughter is an Assistant Attorney General. I think her title is letting her get away with all of this.
Its another child support application so i wanted to know if i also needed to fill out tht application if im going through family court
I just hired a private investigator to locate him with a address
I need the application for legal aid to get an attorney
is there a way i can speak with a lawyer to get free legal assistant
I would like to take about set up an appointment with a lift advisor how do I do about it?
I need a legal aide lawyer about my apartment
no i was advised that i can go on this webaite and chat with attorney
Yes, also if I need legal assistant, I may need a probomo attorney. I do not have resourses to hire an attorney.
My apologies- my neighbors and I would prefer to use the online pay features that our own banks offer- NOT through the insecure app
