Ok I did it. Thank you very much. I look forward to receiving the transcript with the phone numbers.
Sorry, Operator Jason. I did not get a transcript of the previous conversation a minute ago
Sorry, one more thing.. Is there a way to email to myself a transcript of our chat?
No. Not for now. I have specific appeal questions. You are Very helpful. Thx I click for transcripts
Great. Thanks for your help. I will send myself a transcript!
can u possibly send me a transcript of this chat?
need to find the list to get a court dat transcribed
I don't know how to get the  transcript in NYC
Thank you. I'm going to save a transcript of this conversation so I have all this down
ok, thank you very much for your help.   i just need to get the transcript now
I did the transcript.  Thank you for all your help. Stay safe
That would be great and then could I get a transcript
So I will receive transcript after I close the window and end chat?
Can a court transcript be use as a form of court order ?
I would like to file to get a transcript for that date
OK thank you how do I get a copy of this transcript
Are you able to email me these links or can I have a transcript of this conversation?
How can I find the original deed plus the false deed
hello , ive requesred a transcript but still have not received it
Okay and I want to know for me personally what I can do to recant my statement
No but please wait one second I still didn't get the transcript.
Yes to transcript ... Please tell Charles I am sorry that we keep getting cut off
John said that “they will read the transcript don’t worry” Who is the “they” he is referring to?
i was just with some one at your site and i didnt receive the transcript via email
im going to check out the LIFT website now. Thank you have a wonderful evening
ok - thanks for your help today. Can i save this transcript with the links you provided?
Ok thank you I already asked for the transcript
I'll get a transcript.  Thank you. Have a good weekend.
Before I begin, is this line confidential? And can I get a transcript at the end of the livehelp session?
Can I have a copy of this transcript or should I copy this information down before the end of out chat?
I chatted with someone yesterday and she said I should ask to talk to a LIFT operator
Can I get the transcript of the conversation I had with one of your colleague last week?
My Mom should've been tested. I want a apology from the rehab facility
Hello, Scott… I was talking to Charles and would like to get the transcript of our chat sent to me at ciaomiao@aol.com
I am looking for the document to get transcripts from a court case
i should ask, do i need to write down everything you tell me, or will i be able to get a transcript of this chat?
Okay thank you.  Is is possible to get a copy of this conversation transcript so I get the links?
Would it be possible to email me a transcript from this string?
do i have to hit transcript again to get the rest of what you sent since before
Yes, can you tell me where to get copies of a court transcript while the Covid is occurring?
I’m not sure if I can get a transcript from the earlier chat
Can I save this transcript so I can save the links you sent me?
Ok it’s set to send a transcript
