I have an ACD from like 10 years ago. Would that show up on a background check for an apartment application?
They said without a cash assistance case paying for shelter,  we cant stay.
so I really don’t know what to do from here the legal services is close until next year
do you know if i have to develop my i own bill of particulars form
I need help with food during this crisis.   How do I go about applying for food stamps in Ohio
the whole thing started because the landlord is texting me " I cant pay my bills, I need that 5,000 now"
Hi I need help finding my public defender who had a case on me that's still open
Thank you for your time, If you run across of new information, please, let me know My EMail filipjohn19434@yahoo.com
I work with the NYC OCSS and I'm looking up the state forms regarding COLA
the only way I was thinking to take this it’s by a public notary
I would like to get my name off an Life estate deed
I would like to know the requirements to get a letter of testamentary.
Right so now what am I supposed to do??? Financially I'm running low cause of babysitter too
is there specifc form to utilze as I have supporting info to request for refund for undispersed funds with no errers
Well I just wanted to confirm that if we refer client's your way, they'll be serviced
she has already missed many important appointments
Can you get fired for going small claims court last minute
I'm glad you can't see me getting teary eyed
u need more trainin i cant tell u you job
I've been living with my partner for t 13 years as common wealth marrige do I have any rights
I’m am trying to find where to pick up my expedited food stamps
Im looking for more information regarding an upcoming case I have
I don’t have a cash assistance case but I’m trying to get help for one time assistances
No this is a big help with visiting my kids, actually i have one more question?
Ive never been unemployed in my 20 plus years of working and this is the first time that I’ve been in this situation.
he’s never paid a penny of child support my whole life
Right now with no school we are struggling without an ISP
I don’t know the landlord. He has a building manager.
I would rather not fill a restriction order and move to a shelter with my son
My daughter is 20,I’m on disability they started Taking money out of my SSD check last Month
Ok,he is live in the shelter now,food stamp woul really help.
Also what would I need to do to start a move-away order?
I would like to know when I can send out the consent forms.
Iam put a patiention in cause loss my job a i dont want my areers to get to high. How do i get started?
Yes would like to know if I need a lawyer for a living trust
I had no idea how difficult it was. The Bar Association helped me in the beginning.
Oh Miss Katie, I got all day
I am a substitute teacher and they want me to pay back money for the summer
The landlord's attorney sent me a information Subpoena
It was a mtg servicing co not the actual bank that owns the mtg
I am scared of him as I took control of my salary for 3 weeks now.
I am sorry, had too many widows open I didn't want to lose you am in on the map of usa TO FIND FORMS?
I am a law student working at the firm this summer
typically utuilty bills of deceased persons are not transferred to new estate holders was what I was told
Ok one more question could they do anything with a paper check I mean can you cash a government check third party
He’s fighting for everything we have a house etc. Cetra
My son has got a part time job for few hrs on the weekend, only
The bit I would like to confirm is that if the CBP believe that travel for child visitation is classed as "essential"
The ACS intake left and later and the next day we were notified by the Assigned ACS worker
The kid will be temporarily living in my brother's house with my mom and husband
Hi unable to locate forms for living trust
I NEED A LAWYER TO SUBPOENA MY NY LIFETIME DRIVING ABSTRACT
they told th e cops im harrasing th em
these people want millions for a small head injurie
I was wondering how I am blue to receive help such as food pantries from Make The Road NY
I'm not sure if it going to be a strong case since it's only a noise complaint though
I live in a govt assisted home and I want to make a better life for my kids
Child support we had just started the process and was asked to bring in my pay stubs job latter and how much rent I pay
a pwer how can i locate tat info someone told me to try e court
But I’m taking nitroglycerin  weekly to every few weeks past year
The PDF says rent increases of %5 or more require 30, 60, 90 days written notice
Im trying to submit my pay stubs
I would like to have my son some days of the week
Additinally they sent him a cheque last week of out no where and it bounced
And was told everything is clear to close a day before the rate lock expires
I would like some information on how to get help for my mom in setting up a healthcare proxy, living will, and will
I also think they were looking at the wrong income because the nychdc site says they consider "future income"
Thank you yes a lot of info for tenants and not landords
the letter is requested by social services dept
so I have pictures of my knees after the fall on July 3rd 2020 a d my knees still have discoloration from the fall
nok, was not prepared for this so can i sign in, this week and do this when i am set up properly?
Is there a place online that I can see copies of my judgements
They want my children to stand at the end of our road where the crossing Rd is a main highway
Bronx,and it’s low income housing
Oh, I am on the link and I do see the DIY form for an order to show cause
i am very well known i was a huge promoter in nyc , and that little boy changed my world
I really really need assistance with a legal representative as I have to show up in court and I just started my job
me and my friend got scammed paying for a rent thru email
Hahahaha I’m not sure I am yet either! Coffee is in hand hopefully soon I will be
copy of current  DRIE approve letter copy of payments  from  6/17 to present. ASAP please thank you
Or if the landlord will be filing papers that will follow me in furute renting
people in charge care about votes and money but its the votes that keeps them their jobs
We only need a legal paper so that my daughter's biological father can get the right to the new york paid family leave
Hello I was wondering how could I apply for food stamps
Great.  Yes it helps.  I’ll look at all.  Any recommendations for particular housing attys?
Because he knows I'm a treat to his illegal rooming house
After filling in the questionnaire, this is the message I get: Please give the City Bar Justice Center's Legal Hotline a call at (212) 626-7383
He promised me will allow me to see my kids every week
This was not done on purpose I thought they meant report earnings from the job I was laid off from
I was fired for informing my employer that I have an upcoming doctors appointment
two days ago they went abt lease a BMW X6 with the unemployment money
Want to get food stamps I only get 15 dollars and wanted to know about expedited food stamps
I haven’t yet but haven’t addressed it with the landlord yet
Hello Aline. We were just chatting and you transferred me over to a LIFT operator
Oh God that's going to be a nightmare lol ok thank you for your information
I haven’t paid child support doto know work how can I make payments what’s the website
Can i still move i kmow different countys are different with the rouls
And especially this week I've been filling in a ton of details
I got my green card at this year. I just need to get disposition letter
I just filled out a custody/visitation enforcement form how do I edit the general information section that asks for social security info
Hey i need help to get my own place
Yeah I will be settling an estate soon and I am happy to get any legaol advice or pointed to it
The magistrate put in an order based on a different yearly income.
I was in court already and was represented by a lawyer and the cost was to expensive I was tired because every time was pospone
I have been discrimibated as a pet owner by the Real estate agency.
And there were 3 different income guidelines for a family of 3 on the chart
my fear is that the arrears are just going to be piling up since I have no job right now
i need help on changing myself to the payee on case my mother opened on my sons father when i was underage at the time
I was checking on my next housing court date.
someone to help us take the contractor to court
im on the lawhelp website but I don't see my subject under forms. the forms I,m looking for are dyi eviction forms
I did 18 month for it already and I'm been off of parole since 2017
Up until i was furloughed in March, I sent money every month
So for now, I wait - but I can just get a  head start with the paper work?
Also i have found out hes living with another women
I have no money on homeless i need help asap
I need help to bring a case against the NYC DEP
Ok I just don’t wanna own any back pay
so I just wanted to make sure we were referring clients accordingly
i may need one cause i cant get ahold of current ...im do in court tomorrow
I want to go face-to-face for my food stamps
2 things, I need to put on there the exact amount I will be giving my ex from my pension and
if the person who is a squatter is away for over 3 weeks is there anything i can do
I have 2 order of protection and I wanted to know how do I go about signing up for section 8 asap
I was outed in a morning meeting about watching gay porn
what is this office for? I mean Im just trying to open a new business and now I'm here and I don't see the relevance.
she just needs to know if section 8 will count it as income the extra wages she's been receiving
It's to the point where I'm just ready go give up because of how stressful this really it on me.
I did this and they stated because I was a 1st timer, they can only give me an extrension to the 30th of the month(April)
I can't seem to get access for several years, raising questions now by medical aand professional staff
but I’m not there anymore and I want it to start coming out of the new job I’m at now
The maintenance workers say that's not their job because it the bricklayers job
she is still paying rent, but with a stay on evictions, do I risk having the procedure start all over again?
Hi. I want help to file a special needs trust for my sons. Can you help me
Im studying full time to take the test to joing the US Navy and I dont have the money to pay for a lawyer
Of course, this is all assuming I can't find a full-time job in the meantime.
what is the income you need to have for a free court attorney
ok you're such a big help Nicole
In NYS don’t you have a five day period to pay the rent if due on the first of the month thank you
the question is they are taking money from my job my social security check come on
Hoe do I talk to someone about food stamps
For context, I'm not planning on having anyone over until there's a viable vaccine. However, this seems like an over-reach on my landlord's part.
I am a teacher Aide and don't make much, just found out I wont have a summer school job and can't collect unemployment.
Hi, I am looking for help with expediting my passport or help with dealing with a federal agency
i own two single family home rental units
I started the divorce I just need help with filling out RJI FORM AND HOW AND WHERE I CAN PRINT IT
Hi, I received a regular food stamp benefit, but got rejected for expedited food stamp, may I know the difference?
I am looking for free legal services like I have a question about opening a small business
The landlord stated that she really didnt want to get in the middle of it.
Because my keep saying that she never resived money and im showing  bank statements
Can you help me apply for expedited food stamps
jUST want to know if lawyer will take a Surety Bond for services rendered
They said it’s only for low income people I just called
I want to know if I can have all the justody of my son he’s 4 months
Ok and how can I get thrue claim to take this document to the bank
Hello. I would like information: It is about Credit Cark and Bank Information Hacking
Hi I am expected to receive food stamps and never got them
THOSE CLOSE TO ZIP 11418 & 11373.  NEED TO CHARGE PHONE. I'LL STILL GET THE INFO.
And now she told me she was going to have a part time job
I've aged through this heartache of not seeing my granddaughters
What do I need to do to get reimbursed monies from my ex wife?
she told me last month too that I don’t have the right to live out my security
I was wondering about applying for food stamps in the end of June once my job ends can I still come in for  consultation
i have a question, i was closed by the government last week
For a month because the kid never came back
Ya that one thanks I'll try social security told me to try them all I got is the phone eyes get so soar
adminitrative law,  its for summons for the enviromental control board
No A Pool If Trust Where You Put Money Into A Place And They Pay Your Bills For You Once A Month
according to her the courts are backed up and not really taken these lower crime cases
Need water line to road and much more
i only wanted to get a better life for me and my daughter
I need help filling Medicaid for my Mother
My landlord is refusing to take care of a bed bug infestation
The agreement says in case i lose my job my ex must pick up these cost
The court is close and I’m not working due to virus and every week you guys expect a payment
We have been living with help from food pantries and other people in the community
Ok that works, but hopefully before Wednesday when I get next Chemo treatment or I won’t be able to do anything
Plus in our recent agreement I’m the one who’s picking up the kids and dropping them off
The auction date is already set for the last week of february
is for poor communication with ex in shared custody of our son
I haven’t seen my son in 3 months and would like information on what to do
i own a house in west babylon that i rent to a tennant
Yes cause they just bought a house together and they have a lot of income coming in now
I’m looking on behalf of my son Timothy Eatmon jr he’s incarcerated and is looking for an assigned councel
Im From Jersey City Nj I don’t want nothing to do with the Bronx I will pay
I’m seeking direction for harrassment from my sons girlfriend and the man of which she’s having an affair with.
They wanted me to stay drug free sub Tainan job and sub saying housing and I've been having all three for the past 2 years
she received extra money last week from it  and she'll receive it this week as well
Site's not letting me enter "Start Client Consultation"
I set up an in trust stock account for son.
to me it seems 88 week is little for over 20 years of employement
oh and this prompt is hard to use by the way majes many errors needing correction as typos , sorry
She would also like me to reimburse her for her lawyers fee because she is hiring one to get the police report for her ?
Are the courts currently taking new cases?
i have a question i do not understand the federal poverty guideline chart
im looking for a change in school district form
I’m unemployed due to corona and this is my last ticket to get my license just want to see my best option
You see the tenants above me are running around their appartment and my building manager turns it round to my disfavor.
Yes, Thank you very much, I'm printing right now.
Im the one paying and i dont see why i raised my child all her life
I need to get ahold of Joel Murphy
We are aggressively looking for another rental and want out asap.  We have a 10 year old daughter
I need to know my rights about if my landlord is suppose to get rid of bed bugs or if that it is my problem
I recieved a letter that my court date was postponed,  how can I see the status and get more information on it
I didn't have a contract with the school. I was hired through an agency for the school nurse position.
Who should i contact, for late worker’s comp/disability check?For two months my mother has not received any payments.
Human Resources the place where ppl get help like food stamps and cash assistance
Hi Cara..my name is Kristy  Parker and I am having a very very hard time right now in a HUD HOUSING apartment where I live
I stated I would be surrendering the Apartment july 1
I will and I really am concerned  about using the rapid doc. Sites for the b. C.
I need information on the return of last month rent
Yes ....Would like information on living trust
is there any way  i can help him cause i want him to be able to go to work
shes working a full time job right now.
I started form for small estate last week. form was not saved. I attempingto start another case.
oh no. I don't have any open case in there. I'm looking for information of addresses and stuff like that for Suffolk
I dont receive cash I am only receiving food stamps an Medicaid
They cashed Social Service check and now gave me the notice
The letter is concerning my eligibility to receive unemployment over the summer break
im so sorry for the long messages we have a 1 year old daughter together and this whole thing has caused me tremendous anxiety
Gotcha, I will start with LIFT. Thank you very much
I need the phone number of feps for Jamaica queens
Can you suggest me where to go? I don't have any income, I'm a full time student
Can the noise engineer I hired make a complaint
given this is not the 1st time we have been credited something that wasn't ours I asked for the acting manager to check
This is NOT section 8...  it is somehow under SNAP or it is given as "cash" on the Snap card
Id like to kno if i pay rent or hold until some sort of hearing
3 dots say rating , trance rip andpopup ,no envelope
I just received a letter that until further notice I will have to wait for more information
As of next week I will be unemployed so I want to get ahead of this.
Social services is saying they can only send me to the shelter
I read here that I can get help getting snap food stamps for me & my 2 year old
I WAS LOOKING FOR A PHONE NUMBRT TO SPEAK TO SOMEONE AS MY LANLORD HAS SERVED ME 14 DYA NOTICE PAPERS FOR AUG AND SEPTEMBER
I know the next step would be something called an income execution
My case was closer cause I said I didn’t bring in a proper income which I did
I do not have anymore money, I gave it to my ex-attorney, how can I get free egal advice, they just shut my electric off.
Is this pdf information only for outside of the 5 boroughs
I believe I am being harassed by my co-op board president and need help
Hello I need help with a PPP loan application
I gave the paper to My ex husband but he have not giving it back to me
Someone crossed out all the areas with the temporary order with a pen
i am unemployed at this time and i have an order 0 income
The 'Waiting Period' for Ex-Offenders is 3 years, he has been working for much of that time in the Union.
My new girlfriend is very smart on the computer and was able to find her place of employment on facebook
spouse and 2 kids living in home. We are on the deed together. I am not living there and I pay for everything..
I need help with setting up a trust for Medicaid purposes
This is where Online Small Estate Affidavit Program eventually brings me
I found your crganiztion br reading an April poost about low income assets. could you direct me tothis
Also just an FYI the phone number 212.426.3000 on the link provided they are closed-Legal aid society's community developement project
later that day I got a message I was not the right fit for thenjob
So I should go to the website to start in-take. Is there a certain income to get free help?
not that i know of they told me that she was on public assistance therefore they pursued the order
Hello, I’m looking for the electronic delivery system
If it's helpful- I'm also confused about the various programs like sick leave, FMLA, city/state/federal, and the differences in where to apply
He prefers I'm within my aunt cause I don't wanna change schools right now
I understand, I’m just trying to find the instructions specific to tuition.
im not fromnew york can you maybe help with refrrals
I don't know I just want my job back
I have photo I’d of course . Lease , w2 statement from Irs . Pay stubs & letter from employer
Yes are they free consultations cause I have very income right now
P.S. this is a “private house’
Still looking, I've got my work cut out for me it seems
But I need to see a elder lawyer free of charge to help me for a trust not only advose
And help us get cash assistance?
number 18.   reguarding the counter complaint I definitly need more space how due i include a 2nd sheet
Hello! I would like to know if there is a way I can start a roommate holdover case?
My boyfriend recently got fired from a job in which he was being payed under the table and I’m looking for options
He is not working, will be attending City Tech this month.
I received a huge booklet not knowing what to do 😅
I saw Hank Greenberg talking about the possibility of PRP BPNO for a low income landlord. Do you know about this ?
I JUST NEED THE FEE WAIVER TO GET MY CERTIFICATE OF NATURILIZATION...I NEED THE CERTIFUCATE FOR MY PASSPORT...
Hello Fernanda, I'm looking to find info about quitting a job regarding unemployment during covid?
The request is asking for many steps to be done and I do not even have a copy of the annual worksheet
My landlord refused to return my deposit for I didn't notify my leaving 2 months earlier.
I need the services of a lawyer and I wouldnt like to any ramdom place
Have 3 rental units 2 have problems one has mental issues police here every day
I’m sorry I don’t understand what you mean about the disclaimer
I am seeking for legal representation to go with me to my green card stoke interview
i wanted to know where do i send the rental relief program paper for homes and community renewal
take someone to court for taking our money out of your account. what would be the steps be?
Sure. I am a forensic psychiatrist in practice a long time. I have an updated CV which I would like to send to the judges
Is it possible to get three misdemeanor charges sealed
I would like to know more information about getting an appointment for mediation
I have twins that go on the same day and the co pay is really high
Because I'm disabled and on the poverty level. It's been eight months already
ok. Great! thanks. I am new to the agency
And want to have nothing to do with this kid legal whatever
thank you, I tried there and could not find a reply affidavit form
I thought your agency was suposed to help low income and you are sending me to  a place that charges money
Good morning. Wanted to confirm that my home which was set for auction tomorrow the 24th was taken off the calendar my index number 502138/2017
This fellow has cause Me not to get Accept it in a lot of employments
how does one get the  issue of a passport resolved
Do you know how can i get help for getting stroller carseat dresses baby stuffs
support modification hearing on 10/8, I have filled out finical net worth afffidivet
n know for my last 2 checks I noticed they taking money out of thev2nd job
