I wrote her why I didn't want that transfer so soon but she Ms William transfer it
I want to continue but I not speak English. Have somo one speak in spanish?
i have had a passport in the past but the rules were different back then
I am looking for specific statutes or laws that require government agencies to provide interpreters
Yes My eyes is bad I see the words different I’m sorry about that
I am actually speaking for my father who is currently a disabled senior who cannot speak english.
yes i dont speak a lot english
but I speak a little English, I speak more Spanish, think they could help me
I'll let them.know. eight now, her 12 year old daughter has been translating.
I am looking civil law layer speaking polish and are you able to help me to in this cas?
Ok. Do you have any referrals specifically for low income (she make approx 35,00 per year) and spanish speaking persons?
yeah no there was never a trial due to a translator being needed which is why i objected never got to express my concerns
Hi I am helping someone whose first language is Tibetan... we're looking for someone to help with a criminal case
My english is not perfect but let me try please
If they have more questions do you know if this chat works in different languages?
Thank You. There's so much I can't explain it over a text.
I’m currently on hold with them as we speak 🤷🏽‍♂️
Good morning. I was wondering where I can find information on  what kind of language assistance a government agency must provide.
No, I speak english. I just need a form that is in Spanish.
I can use my translator. It would take me a little longer.
are clients able to chat with you in different languages? or is english the only option
Sorry it's a lot and really confusing. Hard to explain in text.
I call them already and I don’t understand, sorry I’m not good talking English over the phone
Hi mike i need spanish trans
sorry for ... i have another question... here in Canada ....my documents are in french...then I need to translate them to send ?
Yes, I’m writing on behalf of non English speaking friend who is now unemployed and needs to petition a change in amount
I would also need Albanian translation services; where can I go for that service?
Good Afternoon do you provide translation services
I mean it sounds good with the landlady over the phone but if we did want out I don't think the language is there
Thank you I am try to help a friend who does not speak that much English .
I don't understand english, i can only speak chinese
The doctor  discriminatied us. He refused to provide the American Sign LAnguage interpreter service. We are deaf. Dr. forced to pay for ASL interpreter.
probably if i spoke spanish i would know what i was looking at!
I am writing for my sister in law because she only speaks Spanish. Do you have Spanish speaking employees so she can reach out directly?
Is this number can let someone speak chinese
I need to find a spanish speaking attorney to help me with custody
Yes it says select language then spanish no other option even English
Good afternoon. I would like to find a lawyer who specializes in setting up living trusts, preferably Haitian-speaking.
to be honest i really dont know and im not a english speaker
but i dont know english. i need translator vietnammese
I don't know why you sent it to me in Spanish I do not speak Spanish
