Landlord telling me he's moving in July 1 with me
my landlord said i need to leave my apt by the end of the month, but i have nowhere to go.
I told the landlord I need some time to remove personal items from the apartment he granted me until July 1
my landlord says i need to leave my apt soon
No Problem. I have been looking online and can't find anything. My landlord has it planned for Wednesday 10/14.
My landlord said I need to leave my apt but I don’t have anywhere to go
my landlord said i need to leave my apt by aug 30th
Thanks I just move from my previous landlord because that house was on sale but now that house is sold
My landlord told me we have to get out by October because she lost the house
my landlord said I have to leave my apt by the end of the month, but I have no where to go
My landlord say I need to leave my apt but I have nowhere to go
my landlord said i need to leave by the end of the month but i don't have anywhere to go.  what should I do?
And my landlord yesterday told me that he wants me to move
My landlord sent me a notice home to vacate my appartment
my landlord said i need to leave my apt by the end of the month, but I don't have anywhere to go
They accepted the job and a offer on a house but they have no moved yet but plan to do so in the next month
I'm looking for guidance on my right as my landlord is selling the single family home I'm renting and he wants me to vacate
my landlord says I need to leave my apt by the end of the month and I have now where to go
Okay so my landlord sold the property past week and the new buyers are having me move out by feb 2021 can they do that?
my landlord said I need to move out by the end of the month, but I don't have anywhere to go
my landlord said i need  to move out by the end of the month, but i don't have anywhere to go
my landlord says i need to leave my apt by the end of the month, but I don't have anywhere to go
The landlord has recieved two letters from us indicating tenants above us moving furniture at 3:30 in the morning  till 11:30 at night.
But I’m not gonna be locked here forever I have things to do like go to the supermarkets appointments etc
I am getting this offer to leave my apt of nearly 52 years by a new landlord
my landlord said i need to leave my apt by the end of the month, but i don't have anywhere to go
my landlord says i need to move out by aug 1, and I don't have anywhere to go
my landlord said I need to leave my apt but I don’t have anywhere to go
my landlord says i need to leave my apt but i have nowhere to go
now, my landlord said, enough, I need to leave
Hey good afternoon I get a letter for my landlord saying I have to leave the apartment by may 31
my landlord  said I need to leave my apt by the end of the month but I have no where to go
I received a letter from my landlord stating the house is in contract and I have to vacate by September 30th.
A stranger rang my bell and gave me the paper stating that I have till February 29th 2020 to leave the premises.
My landlord say I need to leave my apt but I have no where to go
my landlord said i need to leave my apt, but i don't have anywhere to go
my landlord said that I need to leave by the end of the month
My landlord said i need to leave my apt by the end of the month but i have no where to go.
my landlord said that I need to leave by the end of the month, but i don't have anywhere to go
my landlord said i need to leave by the end of the month, but I have no where to go.
