I apply for one shot deal and I can't collect all the documents asked
ok I'll give it a shot. Thanks
Thank you I’ll give it a shot. Have a great day Amy.
I wanted to see if I am able to get help for either one shot deals or COVID rent relief?
my friend got a one shot deal to cover back rent
She even applied for one term shot deal with all proving documents but was rejected with no explanation
mi amigo me dijo que un subsidio one shot lo ayudo
I am behind my rent and I need a one shot deal from the welfare
Basically I made a deal and I don't have a new place yet?
I what to get a one shot deal from them to help me with the shut off notice I have from Con Edison
Hello,?i live in Orange County, NY! I would like to apply for the one shot deal for my mortgage
Good afternoon my name is tiara I’m liking to fleet help with a few questions regarding a one shot deal
It’s for a one shot deal for furniture?
what’s the step to make to ask for one time deal to look for an apt and get the help ?
What paperwork do I need to bring to social services for one shot deal
No but I did try homebase and they told me I can go online and apply for a one shot deal
I no longer wna deal with this drama and broken system sir i dont wna deal with it honestly
Hi I need to apply for the short deal can’t find on the website
I really don't need not attorney. I only need amount of $890 Moving money.
i need full representation i was denied and they say I owe over 6000$ I have a new hearing coming up and want a lawyer
Hi i would like info on one shot deals
Yes , hi good evening, iam trying to apply for one shot deal for rent
how can I apply for one shot deal, I'm getting evicted.
How does one obtain confirmation that a one shot deal payment has gone through
Hi my name is Melvin Wiggins and I am behind my rent how can I get a one shot deal
I want to know how I apply for one sort deal (house rent)?
Yes that is my goal. I meant one shot deal for rent I would like to see if that program is also available
Ok I'll give it a shot.  Thanks
Hello I'm trying to apply for a one shot deal for my rent please
I am currently behind on rent. I have been asking for a one shot deal from welfare and I haven't recieved a response back
one shot deal to pay back rent
Just as much time. We split everything 50 50
Who should call if I received a one shot deal and the room was deemed illegal
como de consigue un subsidio "one shot"?
I have my own house with a mortgage, can I get assistant like a one shot deal
I need someone that will not charge a ton of money
I wanted to ask what are the paperwork that you need for a one shot deal for the deposit for an apartment
