Ya lo traté pero me negaron la visa u
This is regarding unemployment yes but iMm also here with a working VISA
I need legal assistance on unemployment/pandemic relief program options for L1A Visa holders in NYC please
He overstayed without visa since 2015 I think
Hi I'm wondering if you have heard/know if O-1 Visa holders are eligible for PUA?
I was planning to file a Visa application before moving there
I was curious whether a lawyer could help me file some application for a Visa that doesn't require a sponsorship from a US based company
who came from a different country on finance visa
I have pending U Visa which will be approved in about 2 months
i need to have a lawyeer reperesnt me on immgration aapplication for visas
she would like to know if she qualifies for asylum or a visa in the usa
Sorry, we have this visa already, he is a citizen and we’ve already traveled home with this documentation
She's from the Caribbean so we don't use visa to travel within the Caribbean
I am in the United States on a J1 visa, I entered the United states legally
I have been living in ny many years with student visa F1
I don't want you to have problems the next time you return or lose your visa
I have applied to a new student visa 3 times since August but always denied
do they know about the rights that nannies have with a G-5 visa?
Without the help of other parent can she apply for her child and get visa for the child to u.s.a?
Tengo 2 hijos americanos uno con problemas me gustaría saber si califico para una visa
at the time i was ready willing and able to work, while abroad b/c I had a work visa
It’s a visa that allows you to stay in the USA for up to 90 days
I filed for a K1  visa but it was denied because we were married
Is it possible to file in country with a b2 visa?
Can unemployment be filed on NY state on H1 visa
I am waiting for U Visa in home country
But I seen this but can’t find visa specific
I have a regal visa( O-1). I just want to know that if I am eligible for applying or not with my status.
My wife applied for spouse visa in February2019
they cancelled my visa and send me back to my country
Do I have to cancel it? Am I at risk of visa termination? I am worried?
You see the issue of moving there is that I would not be able to obtain a Visa beforehand...
I would like to apply for a Visa for the US
I'm a painter with extrodinary abilitie and I want H-1B visa
She is working on F1 OPT and once my visa expire, I wish to become her dependnt
he is unsure if he will be able to come to workers under the h2a visa program this year
A woman I want to marry overstayed her visa
