Yes they said they are the new owners. No old landlord was foreclosed on didn’t know till new people showed up
I'm trying to find out if my family member is in foreclosure how do I do
I am in Queens...  I just wanted view the motions and the progress that is current in regards to the foreclosure online.
Hello. I'm trying to find when I have to go to court to deal with a foreclosure proceeding. How do I look up the case?
Im trying to find out how do I obtain foreclosure records from 2015
Good afternoon, where can i get a list of scheduled forcloure properties in richmond county
No, I am intersted to know Where can I find a summons filed for forclouser
My house is in foreclosure as of March 4th and I am trying to save it
is the bronx housing court open today?  and could I get information about foreclosures there
My home was sold at a foreclosure auction. I'm being evicted now. Is there any help to keep my home
I just want to know if a home is in foreclosure how can i find out how much is owed
I just rented an apartment and i just found out that the house is in foreclosed and own by the bank.
I am facing foreclosure and have been told the mortgage may be predatory
Have a foreclosure case tomorrow and don’t know how to answer it or what to do
I have quick question I’m looking to buy some foreclosed properties where do I find the list of houses
I am getting letters from Lawyers (wanting me to hire them) because of a forclosure process that was started
Hi supposed to have a foreclosure settlement conference on Thursday by telephone but are they postponed right now due to the moratorium
my house is in forclosure, due to corina 19, can the courts  make a auction date yet
Good Morning, I need the fax number for Suffolk County foreclosure settlement conference part
I'm trying to find someone who can help give me options to save my house from a tax foreclosure
On our next date, his attorney filed for an adjournment
A court case? I didn't ever go to court for this just trying to stop the house from being foreclosed and switch it over
good aftrnoon where can i find an updated list of forclousre properties in richmond county
im a homeowner future to facing foreclosure but is for back property taxes not being able to be pay
I'm a pro se defendant in a tax foreclosure case, have been using efile, etc.
I am intersted in the date base to search for  a forclouser  summons
The home is in foreclosure and the landlord has proceeded with the eviction process against in court.
There is a pending foreclosure case..Robby Short as the defendant....I need the index number please
I’m trying to get a free foreclosure attorney or assistance
Oh i meant its not my house its a house thats on the market as foreclosure and i wanted to know how much they owed
they want to foreclose on my property and I need a couple more months to come up with the taxes
we just came out of forebearance and trying to redo the loan
Good morning, I was wondering how I could get information on monies leftover from a foreclosure auction? To see if and what is there.
When will auctions will start again in NYC  for forcloused  homes will start
Hi I currently live in Yates county, but have a home in foreclosure in Erie county
Hi, do you guys offer any type of help with homeowner that may confront foreclosure soon for back property taxes?
i was trying to find out if I have a court date schedule  this is regarding foreclosure proceedings
