Yes ,I have names addresses , ss# court docket #.
What do I do Iam 88 yrs old and not in the very best health
They were placed with me on May 8, 2018 by DSS
i fit on tat category i have unemploynebt cghecqs
NEITHER NJ OR NY DMV IS GIVING ME MY NY DRIVING LIFETIME ABSTRACT
expect? Uts not near the LTD benefit
We are not ready yet...81yrs still work to suplement SS
how do i get help NYS UI is falsely claiming i refused a job and is asking for 14k repayment
i typing upside down they hav e the thermal laser on my tablet
I wanted to know which route I can go to get an apartment if I was a victim of dv?
Yes, been working w/ NYLAG, waiting to see if they will represent me. BLS analyzes QDRO,husband is very wealthy CPA, a slick SOB
I am certified with NYS as a medical marijuana user.
Because I want know make sure still drop Of DV against the on him or me still no matter
Is abandoning of a Mitchell llama gives Succession rights to co-owner yes
Everytime i go on page it jumps bavk to here
I don't have any active neglect or abuse cases with ACS that I am aware of.
I need a form IEX review form I can't find it
also my water is black has been since day one
No worries, pls. Take your time.  So glad for all of your help!
I am looking to file law suit against RTS and one of their drivers
ok perfect. so just the 4-3  and the GF-17. Thank you so much for clarifying
and howlong does it take fo rthe court date?
T shirt 👕on and y t shirt 👕on and seven days and 7per and 5Gulton and
Would the dept of soc svc be a good place to start?
I need  4-11, f-24 and 4-17 forms. How do I find them.
want to send completed Modifcation form need help
Also can you help me with finding a lawyer to sue cps
yup that’s fine I’ll hold
Is there any near Suthpin Blv? Jamaica NY
Is this lift where’re u get a tide
I am also looking for  a ttime frame as this may need to be done quickly.
I'm looking to download the mistake of fact form
Ooopppsss I received your message too late sorry
thank you also where can he apply for a restricted nys drivers licensse
Hello! I need an all purpose motion form. Where do I find this?
I need a lawyer to help me with acs case
But the judge and Dss is aware that he turned 18
Omg I'm wrong dmv address is our address
That was trained to do CPR and they had narcan kits on their waistband of the belt
I live at 3201 hammocks dr cdga my 14424
Ok...and who do I speak to? And how do I find EDDS and under what category
i have shown it to th e police and they are awat3 also
so under these my circumstances I can go to FAP directly or only with ACS worker??
Circles I've already done three laps LOL
23or 24 she was barn in 1997 Jun 8th
yes Hi , i am wondering if h2 a workers
How do I find if there is an open case with CPS in New York?
i am at work I will have to call fli another time
Thank you! Is there anything closer to central or weatern ny? Or no?
My assigned counsel said he had no experience with appealing an Indicated CPS report, nor was he able to refer me to someone who did
what’s happens if I sue someone for giving me hsv?
I know NY takes it seriously... but not much more
my work hrs got reduced to half
What is dcree granting limited letters of administration
Hi..plz bare with chat speed on phone
I’ve found NYLG but I got confused with this:
Live help needs to just shut down this is triggering my ptsd WTF
Is 182 Ralph avenue,Brooklyn, N.Y. Registered with hpd
Hi good morning I use to live in metropolitean Ave 10410
Private I believe, Eastchester Heights LP
what are my options to make me gaurdian to get this check for her. or be guardian by article 17a
I was refused by SRO Law Project, I was refused by MFJ downtown
Don't want any more ACS personnel in our life.
And i'm using form GF-40? Correct
I have done that . I can't get the frms I need
yes I do and I called and they gave me the number for L.I.F.T
so I contacted new mgr twice and received no communication from Aug 4 til sept 11th
on april 21st and apr 22 nd
looking to press chargegs against dss for there wrong doing
CVR issues the Housing Choice Voucher formerly known as Section 8. I was a participant of the program since 2009.
I will long took over what you sent me and contact the office tyvm
Can you move far different state get dss
Idk if they are just giving him chances but it’s two years of BS
I am at dv shelter with safe horizons my time here is up
Just want the form not to go through LawHelp Interactive. Smh
i was exposed to cold 19 at work and been under quartine
i been a HSBC bank customer more than 15 years
Would the ACS be the point person in making this referral?
apartments and three con ed meters
YES.. I CALLED THOSE NUMBERS EARLIER..BUT THEY ARE BUSY..I WILL TRY NY LAG LATER ON..
Yes & police report filed,FTC report, master card(debit card)
I wish to shift to F2 and become her dependent.
(2018 was the only time I entered the us with ESTA)
Thank you..the Dr said he was putting an acs report
Hi I'm in concern about my acs case
I’ve maintained employment for many years I raised my last two kids with no acs and they are well fed and kept
The Dept of Education is investigating this last claim/complaint. The Dept of Justice EEOC might also investigate RPI in the near future.
I there a telephone number for the NYS bar association?
which edds should I select when i go to summit the document
cause i have a tbi and cant speak well
We have contacted APS and JASA. No one is helping
She said it’s mine idk if it’s mine 9/10 it’s mine
So, can I myself go to FAP today? or is ACS my liason to FAP.
Ya that's what I thought too. How do I know if a form I find online is "real" or "good"? Such as the DPOA?
Do I have say so as to when or how a realtor is to show the unit without me being home
ok thanks. They’re saying I don’t qualify for FMLA and want to fire me because I v
Ipc sec 324 information required
Dou you need file odometer number?
Nobody, including NYLAG could find a place to refer me to.  They even searched menus
The apt is hdfc no rent control.no succession rights
1st i tried MFY Legal they do not help.
Two weeks ago, I also have a fair hearing for dss on the 22nd
They sent the tanf out postmark February 26 but got it in March ?
thats ok i'kk try something else
I am having trouble scrolling to see what you sent....please e-mail it to...helenisom6819@aol.com
i believe i qualify for free legal srv's
Spendown issue with MLTC (facing disenrollment)
When was trying to help to give her CPR I guess huh being the higer up told .him
Im confused. I was asked if i have an active case. Is it considered an active Cps case if im being investigated?
no just confirmation number 0NK4PXY2 posted 7/30/20 @ 4:27.pm
Thank u for all ur help I will get to it asap
we agree on going to a public notary tmrr but he wants to take the baby 3 days
I was told I had to use something called EDDS but I don’t know how to get there.
No l live in a shelter and the claim is on behalf the DHS
Sorry auto correct chooses eirds! ...they dots above
I deff will. I will probably wait another week and a half to see anything is changed
i need write GF 5 form for receive order prorection?
He has become physically violent, but Ihsvw no peace of mind
I went  to  apply to get  expedited foodstamps and cash they  told  me  today  I  will  receive them
do i go to self helper or ny courts help the big orange button within NY
Uscis accepted the case at january and received letter from NVC at march 5th
I am looking for legal help with my HP action
i did but there is too much information. Do you know if it falls under DOB or FDNY ?
I refile the GF-17 just 2 days ago.
How much a acs case could cost
I have looked at these but I cant tell if they could use PFL
But thank u so much for ur help I really appreciate
Ok thank you, I appreciate for yr help
9/20/2019,3:59PM ET Thank You, but what about legal services?
I am looking for help to get my name explunged from the SCR
I need help looking into see if cps can watch your house if its not court ordered?
I actually asked for help in the beginning of the year AND at every IEP meeting... They only make insignificant changes .
Yes. please do provide additional bx resources.
K thank you so much please drop of dv I don’t want hear this old past it
I want delete it DV I don’t want that old past it
i know emmancipation isnt legal, what other options do i have
any options considering bc of covid phase 1 I was not allowed to see in person?
Hi am trying to get help with DSS overpayment case
also this is super time sensitive just FYI
I did contact them Earlier today and they sent me to nys bar association
I owe monies (want to continue benefits) they want full balance now ) My health is integral to MLTC
I need legal assistance suing CPS I receive low income
I’ve been in a Catch-22 situation for almost 2 months
i am seeking legal advice of how to start the process of suing cps
I’m basically helping ACS with my case
OF course everybody knows that 18b atty was assigned to me. It shows on eCourts.
ACS has never ever got back to me at all.
Hi Franklin! This is Wantee. Please transfer this chat to me. I am testing out Comm100.
I have received mal practice from UPMC WCA hospital.
it opened. it is sending me to NYCOURTS.gov.  when I click that I get the 404 message again
9/20/19,4:01-4:02 PM  ET Thank you, any referrals for my other concerns?
I have a open ACS court case i have a son placed in RTF and he is being sexually abused and physically abused
Reports in home since 10/30 2020
so I just wanted to know how do I stop having to deal with Acs
I just needed assistance with locating an IEX form
There is also a lot of DV history in my background.
acs case from 10 years ago
oh okay, is there any way ti track it
usually I use VLA but I don’t think they’ll have the resource to help me with this
Are realtors allowed to show houses during covid
was told had to wait for tox screen to come back to see if it was a od
I'm just assuming yes since yhey have preK
I don't understand why being a victim of DV has put me in this predicament.
There are 2 one for tanf and one for snap
I asked and didn't get an answer....if txt messages are not an exceptional form, what form would be excepted?
I just need to print out copies of decisions that have already been made, I misplaced 2 of 4
N I want to know how do I get out of a Acs case
All they gave me was a conformation number saying they received it
no ty  stay safe and healthy in thses crazy times   thx again
are there any real-time resources to try and help her tonight?
Hi I need help appealing a cps case I had and was found indicated.
he has a Ss card but it says valid for work only with dhs authorization
I have a number for NYC bar referral 212-626-7373
Kads aged 12, 10, & 8.  I love them so much
Thank you, they are currently working with naslaw svcs
I need help finding a hpd building
I was just given the run around by a previous operator
You have been extremely helpful. I can call any of thoes numbers up top? It dont have to be in my area?
806 south ave apt 1
No, the Indicated CPS report could be amended and sealed
I do have a legal question regarding FMLA, actually
Carlos  Luzunaris 1630 174st bx NY 1
i work there its a conflict of interest i Appreciate it !ill Just call VLP
This is the same number we called, which directed us to yu
If my wife is having a baby within the next 3 weeks, am i eligible for PFL if i
go right ahead tha k you
Lisa Kelly 104 forest way otego ny 13825
i need a ies form to reduce my amounts
I have the case name, but I can't seem to find it on Pacer
Cause de caurona  he raises mon address  maitenent J'habite Delaware je laisse crinse?
I read that under Fam. Ct. Act ss 1028-a\
Thank you sorry probably not eligible cus nys have good day too
Re: Auto-response: Please click on LiveHelp for assistance Re: JUAN FRANCISCO SANTOS HUERTOS compartió la carpeta "nuevo documento fecha 22-abril de 2020" contigo.
its being processed at our integrated operating env location
That would be lovely.   Thank you kindly, Hana.  - wdc
Hi my name is Shana Howard I need help with Nys UI
I'm looking to see what I need to do to get guardianship of the lils
Is there no person that can provide assistance w/ the IEP process?
I need help on acs case I have i think they have taken steps that are not legal i want to make sure im correct
She has something to do with the starlight speed way go kart track
Hi Jason, while I cannot meet the income requirement to get help from safe horizon DV law
Great, txs for your great help. I'll start the process online then and check back on the chat if I have any more questions. Txs!
ok its might be slow I did and spam but will get closer to router
I got an appearance so far in time ..Jan 13... I peitioned on Mov 12
I need assistance with a wrongful termination by CVR.
hi I WENT PERSONAL  SEPT 5 AND I NO RECEIVE NOTHING ABOUT MY ATORNNEY AND I NOT RECEIVE YET TH E AML TOO.
No but they asked me if my birthdate was right and they kept repeating it and mentioned my ss#
yes, you can put it as n/a that will be fine. Thanks!
my email is armato4@optimum.net if we get disconnected.  My name is Rich
Okay, good I’ll try that . Thx again.
Im not 65, i am only 53. And hv been on assistance since 2002
Ok. Thx. Apologize for my delay in presenting case. New to method of chatting.
All i know now is that she will stay there for good and npt coming back to ny
Correction i.meant to say that number is for scu.services.as well?
can you help me locate the adoption forms for NYS?
Okay,  Thanks so much for Ur help. 😊
The first number didn't help me but thx
yes I guess. CPS said so but..... we’re nervous about it
Hi I want to know how to adopt my step son Nys
She would like it to be uncontested but there is a history of Dv
Yes thank u . What i keep pulling ip is violation Modification order..
Tnks So much, I'll  try that site.
inhave PTSD from the police ever since that time
that link gave me like definitions of acronyms that are used
Only person who was clear was my grandmother and according to CPS she's to old to care for them.
Ok got it thanks. Now I know how i accidentally hv been doing that lol.
THEY LOOKED AT MY FMLA AND SAID IT WASNT ANY GOOD
please remember that I also wish to confirm an apt when lshv goes to castle point supposedly 9/17 according to the flyer
i need help  whit  my ny  sate  id
I receive some paper of action for divorc in March 17
I quickly Googled it and it doesn't look like NYS accepts it.
I would like to know how can I send out a notarized GF-17 fjorm
Other than the GF 17, can you tell me if there is another form I should be looking for?
I've been out of work since October 27th and I applied for SNAP on November 8th.
Oh I see it is free. I found it an FAQs thank you!
is the gf 1 a form that requires completing because i have one and it is basically information
plaintiff- E.River Prtf prtnrs lllc
Yes 200 a week and I barely make 200 every two wks
i surmitted it to this email I don’t know if is correct NYFCSupport@nycourts.gov
140 Roverscape drive Fulton NY 13069
Okay, thank you.very much. The tty number.is also for scu?
Hello. I need help with an ACS case.
yes let's continue. I have questions about nys dna laws.
They also decided to make all kinds of complaints to hpd
ok.  Ming doesn't know if they have an AOP.  Would she check iwth the hospital about that?
No, I wanted to ask Do I have to share information such as my SSN number.. etc as requested on Information Subpoena?
ok thank you i will try that right tnow
Good morning I will like to obtain a GF-17
I’m doing a presentation today and I’m showing CVLN
Thanks, I was panicking bc it got late fast!
It’s the same person from before w the ACS case
All set. Happy New Yr and thank you again
Tks will try u stay safe TKS
Like how much time it will be need to be OK for dok
i was just appointed guardian of an AIP. what happens next?
VERY especially when the gf was all nice in the beginning and then she turned like a snake
I already gave feedback that your help is EXCELLENT
It’s cool thanks take ur time
Website will not let me download view or print gf 29 pdf
i just worked hard to get well and regression of tbi is faster then i thought
Ok, great! Thank youf oryouhelp.
tnx anyway I guess I will continue to read more
It is the elipses are very close together and the three options are very hard to hit with m.s.
I'm back re ny cva.  Sorry, somehow I got disconnected.
yes, I received UI benefits as I was approved and they see I’m not qualified for it
Yes they've helped me already as qell
If i make more that what amount a year will i be able to havw one assigned to me?
Hi, my 2pm client is not yet online.
I found NYLAG and passed along the number to them earlier today too
I don’t want to sound rude I have ptsd now and simply want to avoid not being helped
they say we hav to wait for a responsible acomendation form
but disability has - can PFL and disability run at the same time?
i just want to get it back into court for review and further DSS involvement. I’ll try this. Thank you!
Ok I'll try again & will look into legalzoom.
ｉwant fine a lawyer make my case for I212 and I601A
she hasn't been examined for covi-19 and so I want to take her to be checked then bring her home.
Offer Fls instrmnt 1- financing
no just a CPS worker she just directed me to this web site
Thank you. I am no longer with the father. I am safe. This is ptsd. Thank you!!!!
I had prep my documents so far but I have challenge navigating NICEF.
OP MV Port Elec Dev
Im look for do it ur self GF 40 form
its not a normal situation and he wants to come home with me  he has stated that to many ppl
Do you think NY Bar can help out of state like me?
If printed out txt messages are not excepted. How does that information get presented? In what is the correct or proper form?
Well thank you very much. I will look into these rght a way
Ironically I have reached out to 3 on your list, but it was to no avail - make the road, legal svcs. andnylag.
from what I read the new FMLA takes place on April 2
