Can I withdraw my spousal support petition online
This is very bad news. What are other options left for withdrawing my petition?
Hi Melanie, I would like to withdraw a petition
I am a grandparent with visitation rights for my minor granddaughter. I would like to withdrawal the visitation order
she served him papers but now I sent her an email tell her i withdraw petition to divorce
Hello I am trying to figure how to withdraw a child support petition as we have settled out of court
Hello I was wondering how I can modify an order protection or withdraw custody papers
After I withdraw my pending petition, can I file a new petition via OSC?
How do I proceed in withdrawing a case in family court for support
To make it clear, I need to withdraw the petition for custody of mine just for the purpose of refiling it immediately.
Just want to know if he can file a petition to withdraw acknowledgement within those days
I would like to withdraw a case I have against my child father for child support
If I went to court for child support can I withdraw it
and if he does is there a way for him to file a petition to withdraw the acknowledgement?
I need to withdraw a petition I submitted to the family court before it is heard in court.  Is there an application i can submit?
I would like to know how to withdraw my petition for support without prejudice.
Hello do you know if it is possible for a person to withdraw a custody petition in Family Court?
yes. I have an upcoming case for child mainteanance against my child father and would like to withdraw
I understand there is an opportunity to withdraw my pending petition and to file a new petition asking for the sole custody.
Can I send my withdraw petition in a letter to the court
How do I submit a request to withdraw child support application
my mother also need to withdraw the I212 petition for that man, he is undocumented immigrant
Hi I was wondering how do I withdraw a petition for custody is albany new york...because the circumstances have changed
I would like to withdraw my petition in family court.  What is the email address I may use to do so?
The hearing was set (finally) for August 2020; but my attorney withdrew 2 weeks before that date.
I need to withdraw a petition I submitted to the family court
The petition was to acknowledge paternity, i have a court date but i want to withdraw the application
I called family court to withdraws my petitions and the lady said I could do it online I don’t know how
I would like to withdraw my spousal support petition ( file# 245608 )  ( docket # F-01294-20) against Doris Gyau my wife in good fate
I WOULD LIKE TO WITHDRAW A FAMILY OFFENSE PETITION
What effect the withdrawal of my petition will have on the pending petition of the mother of the child? WIll it be automatically granted?
hi , im the plaintiff in a dvoirce case , how can i withdraw form the case ?
How do I withdraw spousal support application after I have received my court date
she is not receiving social assistance I withdraw him from the case
I have a child support case on May 26, I want to withdraw the application. how to do？
