X is violating our parental or separation agreement what do I file our and file to correct this
I still need to do these forms even though a legal separation is filed?
Trying to print NY Legal Marital Separation Form please
a bit unrelated. To file for separation, is there a form? how would one start that process in NY?
Who can I speak with in regards to a legal separation agreement
Ok.  I just didn’t know if the custody and support had to go through a separation agreement
Hi. I have a separation agreement with my ex wife
No we just included an amount in our separation agreement when we filed for divorce
It was part of our divorce agreement so I would say yes.
Do I need to get a legal separation before i move forward
Hello I am looking for some forms so I can get a separation. Without legal representation
I would like to know more about a separation agreement ! Is it a legal document and what it implies !
i got fired and would like an attorney to review my separation agreement before i sign it
no I haven’t signed separation she just told me not to come back
I would like to have a separation agreement made and can't afford a lawyer. How can I go about doing it?
A legal separation, but we want to remain in the marital residence
It's in the Bronx, NY and no it's not an court order it's an mutual agreement we have.
I need a lawyer to do legal separation for me and my spouse.
No there isn't a court ordered.  It is just an agreement between myself and the mother
Hi. If considering a separation/ divorce in NY, how are things divided up? Like 401k, etc
Neither. It’s a 14 page Separation Agreement
Can my husband and draft our own separation agreement and have it notarized
I am looking to better understand a legal separation agreement.
There is no expiration  on separation and we never put in writing to reinstate  the marrage.
Hello I was just wondering is it possible to make a separation agreement without getting legally separated
Is this what I need if both parents just want to have a written agreement without going to court
If you can’t come to agreement about spousal support can you not do legal separation
I guess it's because me and x never filed legal separation
I would like my separation agreement (with children specifically) to go before a judge for modification
I need the courts to determine amount the father and I are not in communication so there was not agreement
How much is it to.file for a legal separation in malone ny
In my separation agreement, he agrees to pay me as soon as possible.
once the separation agreement is completed, do we just go to a courthouse to file it?
