No I've been separated since april 9, 2019
I want get legally separated of my husband or divorce
I've been divorced for over 4yrs and no financial help from the father
I have evidence and want to divorce him but I don't know my rights.
now we are separated due to his infidelity and he’s theatening to divorce me
My wife and i have been separated for the last 6 years
How to start the process,  my spouse is incarcerated and we've been separated since 2013
Her divorce is now over but my son is over 2 years old
I got green card in 12/11/2014 thru marriage. But, I got divorced this June.
I want to divorce my spouse and don’t want any child support or anything
I  need help with divorcing. I was in a DV shelter with my 4 kids 4 years ago and I want to divorce my husband
but I’m married to someone else, who I’m separated from
I want some help. I have been separated from my husband. He's filing a divorce and I feel I want someone to represent me
I am a ssi recipient and have been separated from my estranged husband for  about 5 years
I'm a single mother as I divorce on 2016 because of his father's affair.
i don't want divorce and both kids don't want to live with my wife
my husband doesn’t want to divorce me and I don’t know where he is now
I still have 1 child under 21 yrs old,and my husband abandoned us 2 yrs ago.and did not help me. We are not divorce yet.
Well i got separated  like 4 years ago
Hello I want to seek divorce but we have kids in common but he hasn't seen them in over 7 years
Good morning: i'm seeking a divorce from my husband. (uncontested)
My husband haven't been in this country almost for 3 years and I am married to him and I want to get divorced
Hello I need some help in knowing my rights because my husband wants a divorce
Can a military spouse get divorced while the service member is deployed?
However, I would like a legal separation from my spouse.
But my wife wants to divorce me. Can I still get the money from her for those costs?
I'm just divorced and I have the physical child custody of my son
I'm separate from my husband and I want to get a divorce but I have two children.
I’m separated from my husband almost three years ago
I am looking to divorce my husband but I have no job or money to my name
