It's hard to type the whole thing, Any way we can speak?
So basically I should just go to the courthouse and speak to someone about this
ok great to know I'm speaking with  person! Thank you Shannon! Hope you're well
yes we tried that and we can't locate anyone to speak with
Yes, thanks. Is there anyone I can speak to that can help me through this process?
They won't even allow me to go into the court Room to speak up for myself
Thank you . I really would actually need to speak with someone instead to much I have a few quesstions
What should I say to her when I go down to speak w her today. Is this reversable?
Yes, i would like to speak with someone to help me through this process
those worked but the 2nd one is yours  is there no  one to speak to?
Yes, I would like to chat with some one
I'll call him and discuss with him if he wants me to do that way.
What # can i call to speak to someone regarding this matter
hi mike you  have somebody who speak spanish
Did u find anything can I speak to someone
she called them back and i tried to speak to them but of course they were incredibly hostile
Hi Amy.  I just wanted to know during what times/days can someone chat live with someone on here.
Therefore ,I.can not address this matter to anyone as a result of not being able to speak a representative.
I have an issue with a letter I recieved from benefits. Is there someone I can speak to for help?
where should I go on that website to call to speak with someone?
i was hoping to speak with someone about my options in the absence of being able to follow the proper protocols
That would be great to be able to speak with someone to help me through this process.
Thank you, this is a great form. Do you know if there is anyone I can speak to about my options?
i haven’t been able to speak to a person ywet
hello good morning I need someone who speaks Spanish
Awesome, this is great. Do you know if there is anyone I can speak to about my options?
Good morning i need somebody speak spanish
I'd love to speak to someone for 5 min ideally
I wanted to speak to her in regards to some questions I have and wanted to see if she could help me
Yesterday I went and talked to her but does not want to speak to us
