I took my son out of housing and it was my mistake and they put him back on without the when a criminal check
because last time i had everything i needed the judge chew me and threw me like if i was a millionaire.
I am contacting preemptive, the place doesnt look good anymore and I know this guy will make mistake again.
Sorry I didn't finish. I hit the send button by mistake...
May I ask and you see if you can refer me to the right person
I wasn't asked if I was going to "sue" for accident
I KNOW HOW TO DO THIS..BUT I WISH TO HAVE A LAWYER HELP ME..BECAUSE I MIGHT MAKE A MISTAKE...
I couldn’t make this up if I tried... I’m just looking for the right person & where during this epidemic? Thx
yes is not fair if I return the item, I shoud get my money back.
Sorry - ignore my chat. I made a mistake
we both handled things in the wrong way and involved all the wrong people that caused more issues than actually helping us.
maybe that person reacted to sokmething that upset them and the other person just didnt like the responce!
Someone said something about redemption of the deed
Ok, but I cant go back to Chicago.We dont have anyone there
Can you guide me towards information on how to get divorce when the other person doesn't want to?
U said u were going to get the right person for this case.
Hello Gina I’m just trying to find the right person that can help me with my issues
Do we need to go to courthouse if we want to use a mediator?
You did a great job! You made a little mistake with the location, but overall you did a great job.
No problem. I’m trying to move on with my life and just act like this mistake never happened
i feel like the judge abuse her desecration of power
they have to be wrong i dont even know anyone in kentucky
Can you send me the right form please I’m not trying to make a mistake
But every day I can't stop thinking about how I was wronged basically
again the prose help center told me I won one million dollars default judgment
where do i find past records of what they say they found i think that is a mistake
but I can’t be there for someone I don’t know this was a huge mistake
the police said we cant investigate default judgments thefts because the court is higher than us.
You were just helping me and trying to find out if I was served incorrectly
I made a mistake about my location.It should be Richmond county
