I wanna live with my husband and kids
I have one my daughter turned 22 and she is graduating from college in may. I need to have her removed
just kinda stressed that my employer isn't helping
yes I need a lawyers help madeline massa my brother is gregory joseph massa he's the victim iam is sister nimner is 13475969944
My daughter mother took my child to north Carolina without my consent and threaten me that I would never see my child again.
What about if the mother is single and doesn’t have someone else to choose to take care of the child ?
it would be me, my spouse and I have 4 minor children
but the child doesn't have a visual like someone smoking a cigarette om the street
but post office says only if I'm executor i can do that
My son is special needs child, he has autism.
Morning my name is Regina Key I am the grandmother of Londyn Stubbs. Her mother abandoned her yes
What if there are open cps case is on the mother and the step father of the children as of right now
It seems my ex wife has sole custody
i have been with someone else since my child was born and that who my child see as the father
My husband was destitute at the time so this never came up...
feel as though sister is abusing her hcp status during mother's current hospitalization and looking to see if this requires a lawyer?
Can my mother-in-law dump my daughter on my door step if she has legal custody?
As a parent who has evidence that my ex spouse is moving to another state with my kids, do i have rights to stop them?
My mother and my ex-husband now share joint custody of my daughter and I need to file for visitation rights
is ok im a good mother im always be  im not  like  him i love my son
my ex and i broke up i have the  car and he wants it back
I think without question I should have full custody, as I was her primary caretaker and was the financial provider for the family.
no im the father. due to pandemic im out of 2 jobs
My husband has shared intimate videos  of us to his friends. I'm scared to go home and confront him due to our past.
Having to deal with my ex is like having an incompitent bad business partner that you can't fire!
My son ran away from home and I want to have him emancipated.  How can I do that?
Can the mother, who is 19, force me legally to make decisions with her mom I stead of with her directly?
no hes my biological son  we just want to make my husband his legal father
My father and mother's only income is their retirement income from social security.
I also will have to represent my self in court because they don't give grandparents public defender's
no shges still with her dad because the boyfriend is harrassing her and she c
I wanted to know how can I summon my kids father in giving up his rights?
YES. thank you. My son's father is neglecting him and I think he has an addiction
She is technically still married to her ex husband
can child support be removed by the ex- wife anytime?
my ex girlfriend is keeping my daughter away from me and i would like to see her
Will I get in trouble if I keep the kids inside instead of let the father have them?
My name is Juan Cruz , the mothers name is Heidy Vargas and the child's name is Kelly Vargas
it is emergancy because my daughter tried to commet suicide and is now in hospital because of ex boyfriend
Im in the shelter for 4 yrs and its me and my husband no kids
I'm looking for the right direction for legal help with a former employer.
The father has no job no home and made a huge seen at the funeral
My husband and I are separated and I need custody of my son
Both father of child will sign she is his and soon to be ex will sign she never was his
But wants to give child to the father officially through court
2nd is for the kids do not to see the fathers girlfriend. they are exposed in a very stressful household enviroment
im in nyc lowereast    im 62 with disability and my son too
My daughter's mother is not following the visitation order from 2016.  The actual form I filed is called an "Order to Show Cause".
I have a question if property was Taken away by misinformation by my ex husband what can I do
my mom started a claim and before they can proceed they want to make sure there are no other children
4 years, in the care of the guardian( the ex wifes mother) we have visited very recently ( jan 27, 2020and june of 2019
I don’t feel he’s fit as a father to be around him unsupervised. How do I fix this situation
Hello I have a case where my husband and I have joint custody of two girls that are family members kids
it’s my god mother who is the landlord. She’s very old and does not know the process.
Yes please. This is my ex spouse and I was abused for years
the mother not only hits them, one is special needs. Her boyfriend does it to his children with a belt making my gtandboys watch
The grandmother is unfit as well as the child’s mother.
I'm looking for guardianship of a child(deceased parent) in Spanish
I want to get a stay away from my ex husband
My employer could make up a story saying that I quit the job.
Unwed parents were living together and mother leaves home with 1 year old daughter to another state (Fla).
The wife recorded the conversation without husband's consent. She is now sharing it to others without his consent either.
My husband been in my son live since he was two years old
If a spouse leaves a marital home 18 months ago and transferred residence are they allowed to come in the home?
I also have a character witness letter about me as a mother from my other sons father
Can the Baby mother give guardianship of this unborn child to her mother with out my consent?
that is for women. I am the husband. And she is the one that is having the affair in this case.
What are some options I have if my ex wife isn't following the terms of our visitation schedule
yes there is I want to stay on but want to take my ex off.
The other person is my mom . my child lives with her and shes on public assistance wit him
I cannot fill ot out online because my sister is not a parent
His ex wife is.fighting us on all his estate including his ashes.
Father has nothing to do with daughter and step father does everything with her and is a actual dad to her
Also my "co-parent" willingly wants to give up their parental rights. Is there a legal form for that as well?
But I have a pr deceased daughter & mother they have there stuff to even my plot information
She wants to give up the child to the father willingly and voluntarily
I am also concerned about what to do if my child refuses to return to her mother's house as the custody order dictates.
The bottom line is my mom named me as the executor of the will
I dropped the one I had cause me and her came to an aggrement but it backfired on me and she disappeared
I need place for my daughter and baby father
Left Pitt to help her and left family cause my mom could not assist due to her age
My boyfriend is disabled on ssi so am i we are both low income we will definitely look into all these
Do blood siblings have any rights to visitation when one sibling lives with a different family member?
I need to also have my husband involuntarily committed for mental observation
Assuming I'm the biological father, one 15 y/o child who wants me to have custody, and without a lawyer
Is for my ex husband but we still live together
I wanna sign my rights over my children mom won’t let me see them or be involved in their lives
I'm a father and I would like to know my rights and what to do. My ex has left and joined a cult.
How do I get a child custody order.  Spouse wants to move out of state with child  and I do not
My full name is Thomas Grindberg and my wife’s name is Marie
I'm not sure what's in my mother's file but, if this lawyer retired, we need to get it back. The lawyer's name is Michael Angiulo.
I will have to get back to you after seeing what my father needs
i already reached the city pension system, my ex husband is retired NYPD
I have residential custody in Nassau and my ex husband lives in Suffolk.
My sole job as a mother is to protect my child.
I want to know if I get a copy of my son sole legal authority
But the money doesn't belong to the son - it belongs to the mother, right?
I will remain mother and my father will be father or adoptive parent; is this what this form is for?!
”I’m a dead man”
i have a daughter with my ex girlfriend and she is giving me problems to see her
My half sister is playing dirty and does not want me to see my ill dad. She claims she does not know me.
also concerned that her ex will see her husband's salary and confidential information
I am looking for an attorney to help my husband and I fight a school district
He hits me then they lie on the statement and I'm kicked out with nothing no where e to go and can't see the babies
Yes and if my daughter is there with him. Can any of us get into trouble
wife wants a divorce and there are two kids. 14 and 17. both have birthdays in february
thank you  so much  he threatenme he said he want me dead and he tould my son thaat  im not love him
YES AND PRAY THAT THE MAD MAN LEAVES OFFICE,  HES THE CAUSE OF THE VIOLENCE, HES POISEN
well my mother in-law is 92 and in the late stages of dementia. My husband had power of attorney and Health care proxy
his siblings came in and had his 92 year old mother with late stages of dementia sign legal documents
This is the lady with the sister in law’s granddaughter
she is also demaining my wife and putting the kids against my wife
The case was scheduled last sept 28 and dec 9, 2020. Both days my ex husband and lawyer did not show up
my wife is in psychiatric hospital and her doctor says she can be discharged but some reason the Facility is no allowing her to leave.
Hello, I was ordered to pay child support and I do and the grandmother passed away. How do I get it stopped?
I am trying to understand how any of the debts she had when she died will impact this process
I would like to know how can I close my child support case, me and my husband got back together
How can one give up their rights as a parent and give all rights to the mother of child
his father has NEVER been in his life economically , emotionally , personally i no way . my husband has been there for my son since day one
My husband is moving out and his plan is to take EVERYTHING!
Was being unprofessional and it's could be my mental health diagnosis as well as her being friends with his girlfriend idk.
My ex changed his beneficiary to include his new wife and has me at 50% beneficiary
My husband has raised him since he was 2 ( he is now 12) and my sons biological father(family) is not in the picture
seems Childsupport is a boogyman outside of none custodial parents
I am the father and I don’t feel they are safe with their mother.
I live in Louisiana and i need help with a civil suit my son was murdered may 29, 2019
I have a question. Can I man bring a civil suit against his ex wife for paternity fraud & seek money that was previously paid?
Not from a divorce, a contested paternity the dad has fled the country
My husband has completely disappeared and has fallen off the face of the earth. No one knows where he is, and hasnt known in years
but my ex husband told me he tried to stop the child support and they wouldn’t let him
but my daughter has been staying with my ex since march 6th
and can more than one child over 21 we the guardian or custodial person
and also one for the mother obligation  amount how do i find this form
and by the end of this month she is moving with to New Jersey to Her sister and sister husband that drink alchool
I am 19, living separate from my parents and supporting myself. I would like to be legally emancipated from them.
it is very upsetting to my husband but we have no authority for heath anymore to help him.
I want to keep the baby, i just want to make sure i have control over the situation and not her.
Let me clarify, my daughters husband does see their baby so would my daughter do the full custody or is it called joint custidy
i have 2 children and now my oldest is turning 22 this october how do i go about to removing child support
I wanted to know if I can file for absentee father in New York City
my ex husband lives near Atlanta and I live in Walworth, New York
Hi, I am looking to eject my son who is 29 years old and not working and is abusive to family memebers
He takes her on weekends and gives me money and food and diapers for the child
If I’m pregnant and I’m 17 and my boyfriend 22 do my family can do something to him or no?
im going through a lot with a narcissistic ex partner
I am needing assistance in filing a Qdro. Recently divorced and have a$50,000 settlement. Ex husband's company put in place as safety guard.
Also, is it possible to send in a notorized witness statement to the court so I can be anonymous?
i want to cancel a support order because i reconciled with my husband not yet and gone to the first court i can hold
trying to obtain a copy of my deceased sister's will
Okay, and our son is an adult who suffers psychiatric health issues and dad will subconsciously take it out on him.
My fiancee has a daughter with his ex and ever since she been making my life hard
no, this was over 5 yrs ago we filed, & only early this yr it finally came but only to my ex-husband
The nursing home I believe didn't follow right procedures to dischargeresider or transfer my husband.
Yes, please. My wife is working from home and it's giving her too much unnecessary stress and anxiety. Thank you for your assistance.
yes - i had seen this. but someone else had noted that i may have rights under the "family medical leave act" or "american disability act"
I am going through a divorce and my husband abandoned me and the children. I have a disabled daughter and I have a depilating disease.
My ex wife is refusing to let me see my kids and we have a court agreement
Looking for information what my options are if  sspouse dies and  surviving spouse is incompetent with no legal .
I know he has gone to court recently with the first child's mother
I would like to have my ex husband served with papers but having a hard time with help
my daughter is 19 years old and her dad has always helped her she works and supports herself
yes but I share custody with my child's mother
My younger sister had to participate in that as well.  I was in shock and a good number of people were there.
My husband, my son and I have been living with my mom, who co owns the house with my brother
My child's mother is being difficult and I would like to see my son
My name is Angela.   My ex husband has sole custody of our daughter. He had not let me see her for two months until yesterday
My son turned 21 years old how can I remove him off of child support?
Good afternoon I’m looking to file an abandonment of my chid’s father is that something that can be done
as the Forster parent not relatives knowing about the illness of the grandmother is there anything I can do
I’m the child’s mother and my grandmother has custody
what is the statute of limitation to make the father aware that he is the father to a child?
Bergen Street Brooklyn is my x-wife alocationnd child
I will continue to try but no one really cares about us dads who really want our kids
My ex husband currently has taken my child I haven’t seen her in weeks neither one of us has custody
Can a mother file to have a fathers right terminated?
I am the custodial parent i am moving out of state with the child do i still need a father consent?
but she’s 16 so I’m not sure if it’s for her or I should get one beings her mother
she felt uncomfortable and unsafe living with my ex-wife and new husband
Her mother, the man involved in the case, and her sister twin are all deceased.
i am about to lose my teanagers to my ex husband as I have been aleinated yes
the father of my daughter is giving up his rights. what form do i need
Hi my name is emerald and I'm 20 and I move into my father's house when I was 15 my father has been
IM GETTING  VERY UPSET  MY FAMILY LAWYER DIED AND SO DID SUNSHINES GRANDOARENTS.
If she’s married do both of their incomes count in the support calculation
The mother and leaving my kids. Luckily my job gave me. Tempo leave. I'm a union electrician I'm the home owner. I need h3r out.
Hi - We live in NYC and are pregnant (my wife) and therefore high risk for covid.
he isn’t the biological father of my daughter  another man is he wants to give up his rights
My sister forged documents at my mothers death.
im sorry i have a situation with my ex husband
He did not have children or spouse. Our mother is outside USA and can't come here
Need understand rights and a letter for deceased spouses debt
If the parents are not married and child lives with Mother and child has autism does father have any rights
The bio mom hasn’t had any contact in 4 years, he does not know her at all. This is my brothers child.
Can a father take a case to the Family Court if he wants more visitation than the Divorce settlement gave him?
My husband abandoned my 10 year old son and I on january 2020 without notice
How can i change my child name so my husband can recognized her as the father?
my spouse disappeared shortly after we were married after telling me she was pregnant by another
Hey  my name is Novelis Tejeda still active case DV against on my baby father and pls drop DV
His father just threatens me a lot so I just can't handek the stress anymore
I would like to file for abandonment for my child-I'm the mother and the father has abandoned him. My child is 4yrs old.
sorry, one more question.   if i am a beneficiary, does that count as part of the estate for purposes of the $50,000 amount?
Where can get for my 80 yr old brother that is being robbed by my other brother he has dementia
my name is  jenny perez and my ex husband name is franklin reyes
do the childs father have to be with me in order to complete it. we both know he is the father.
The Non custodial parent moved without notifying the court, to NJ
Mother left child at 2 months.
my husband abandoned me 5 years ago. what legal rights do i have?
My wife is pregnant so we are concerned the smoke may be harmful
I have a letter from the child's mother that states the truth regarding the allegation.
I recently saw my daughter and she is completely brainwashed
i was married and during that time my now ex wife had a child for someone else
because my ex-wife has another husband and he is willing to take care of the child complestely
the girl still goes and visits my son and they want to be involved together but now the mother doesn't let her
she had a rather nasty habit of disappearing and falling to show up or give us his children’s whereabouts
I reside in Ontario County, yes. But the mother of son's whereabouts are unknown.
i did already and she says that my family and i are just a sperm donor and deabeats
It is -the issue we have is my husband and I make too much to generally get any assistance for having extra children.
My ex husband and I have joint custody of our 2 daughters.
my husband says the way it was presented to him, it was "temporary"
so my new husband wants to become a parental gaurdian for my son.  My ex husband is not in the picture. I have full custody
I'm on public assistance and I'm a single mother. The father is in the morgue. So, yes. I qualify. Please help.
i have shared custody with spouse.  Spouse has become ill and no longer able to hold up his shared custody.  children with me full time
my ex is a school teacher and I’m a retired officer
I have 2 brothers with disabilities that qualifies us to have a ADA apartment.
My husband is 4 months behind on child support. What can i do?
will that work if my ex spouse is the current custodial parent?
of my child and physical custody will be taken care by my husband
My husband wants to adop my oldest son who is 17  and is not his son, how can i do that?
my ex girl is taking me for child support for a kid that not mine and I’m not on the birth certificate
Both my husband and I for health reasons. Very valid reasons.
From path don’t let him coming join my case family from shelter .
Acs did a case in family court cause my husband was negated the child.i dont want to continuethe case wht can i do
My wife took the baby went to another country. I  filed Hague conversation
For number 7. The father of the child(ren) who (is)(are) the subject(s) of this proceeding is [specify]: what are they looking for here? His name?
Hes a dead beat, rapist, threaTENS MY DAUGHTER AND MY GRANDSON AND my daughter made an attemp to end her life.
the x wife have been seprated over 40 years
Hi, I need help to refer  a young lady who is 22 y.o  and is going through  mental abuse from mother
I don’t work. Only my husband works. So I don’t know if I will qualify.
No. I would like to have my legal rights as her father.
CPS was called by the hospital becauase of his critical condition, and the fact that he is a widower
His father it’s not here, he was deported and I need to get my child’s passport
the Law Guardian for the children and the CPS social worker
Hi! When my wife and I divorced, we never had a hearing about custody. Does that mean we have joint legal and physical custody?
But his 3 brothers and sisters are here in MD as well we have temporary custody
My wife abuse baby and neglected baby
see my babys father has legal and physical custody of my daughter but my name is on the custody papers
basically all 3 parties agree who is the father of my daughter - we thought the stipulation with specific wording naming the father would cover it.
I live inP.A. Wife has moved to N.Y.C. Hasnt seen or heard from children in 3wks.
So my husband and I have joint custody and joint physical placement...can I still take him for child support even though we have 50/50
My husband and I are married and in 2008 wasn’t had a public assistance case
All cases were brought against Me by welfare and the children's Mother
after all this is said and done do the dad has any rights to his child
I live in ny but my ex husband and my daughter live in chicago
I need to know about doing a modification for my daughter that is deceased
I want to work w a lawyer to protect my rights as a single mother and patient w Hippa rights and mental health rights
Me and my ex-wife are not citizens or green card holders but we live here. We have one child.
My husband works but I cant as our daughter needs a safe place to go
have nothing to do with the child indefinitely. She as well as the mother has made it abundantly clear they dont want me involved
but it says child with disability and he doesnt have one
my baby mother travel to (dom rep) and leave my daughter over there. with out my permision. what can i do about it ?
He wants to make sure that he’s the father
the deed is in my mother's name with us on the life estate deed
I’m pregnant and the father has already backed out he says he’s going to disappear
The mother is already answering for a violation,  and we died want to give another
I take care if my elderly mom who is sickly and she and I both can't go through with this stress at home.
If the father don’t give me nothing for my baby i can be a custodial parent
I left the relationship as it was abusive and now that person says they are gonna have me arrested for the insurance money
My son is the father and his ex girlfriend has primary physical custody.
i need information about how i go about claiming my deceased fathers 401k and retirment fund
She turned into a very nasty and evil woman and hated my 2nd wife and my soulmate that I love dearly
if my husband is not the father to my unborn child and I have no contact with him what can I do
I need to get a new passport for my son but i dont knoe where is his father im able to do it without him?
I am having problems with getting proper services at the plaza rehab andnursing center.
Am I able to provide a weekly check to the babies mother on behalf of my son?
no can i look into both.  I would like to start ASAP, before ex spouse retires this year.
They said my ex husband putting in a call
On March my ex wife kicked my 2 sons of her home
No one will help me and my daughters father is getting away with a lot and my daughter is suffering each day that goes by
I have a friend and she has a child by my brother but she put someone else as the father what can I do?
I search for a deed and sew that this new lady has 99% and my brother in law has 1% ownership.
Thank you so much it means the world to a single dad. Thank you again
i signed an AOP for a child seven years ago but I have serious doubts that I am the biological father.
Gracias yo texteo mas tarde y boy a llamar a el numero que me dieron gracias
I want for my child to have her dad last name
my ex has sole custory on paper of our daughter  and i have sole of our son..
can she contact her husband's daughter (from her husband's previous marriage) and have her tell her father where her belonging
Let's say my grandmother is married and want to put me as beneficiary instead of her husband
