How about adding a father to a birth certificate when the mother was legally married to someone else?
hi i hve to add  a fther  in a birth certificate
Do I need to add him to the birth certificate in order to move forward with filing a child support order?
i need to add my husband to the birth certificate to our child
I want to add a last name because I want to have a father figures last name
So we werent able to add my name to his birth ertificate
*REGARDING THE SENIOR SUFFIX ATTACHED TO MY FATHER'S NAME ON MY BIRTH CERTIFICATE*
I reside out of the country and would like to add the father name on my daughter's birth certificate
I need to add my child biological father to her birth certificate
my brother is in charge of my mothers estate and has added his spouse to the estate.. is that legal?
I need to add my sons father to his birth certificate
Would like to know how I can get my fathers name added to my birth certificate
I was in the process of adding my name[father] to daughters birth certificate..
I want to put my child's father on the birth certificate using online
But completing and submitting that form is the only thing that's needed to add him to the birth certificate?
my father and I would like to add his name on my birth certificate
I need help adding my husband who is the biologically father of our daughter on her birth certificate
my son was born in NY and he is 12 now.  how do I add my name to his birth certificate as legal father?
How do I add the father to the birth certificate When Paternity   done
Yes she doesnt have father listed in birth certificate and we would like to add him now
In order to add his name to her birth certificate
i am an adult and trying to add my father's name to my birth certificate
and my father and I would like to add his name on the birth
I want to know how I can add a last name to my name
yes. how to add my name to my son's birth certificate?
at the time that my daughter was born i was not married and i need to add her biological father to the birth certificate
I need to add my father to birth certificate
my birth cert does not have my father's name listed.  I want to add his name to my birth cert
I need a paternity form to add a childs father to a birth certificate
