I need help filling out my petition for custody
Hi I just filled a petition for custody of my daughter
I want to know where I a can receive o fill out online a petition of custody
I need help filling a emergency custody/ visitation petition
Hi I would like assistance filling out the petition for custody form.
I need help filling out the petition for custody form
I'm filling form GF-17 to petition for sole custody of my son
hello, I   would like to know the steps into filling a custody  petition? and if I   would be able to do it online?
how can i submit a petition online for custody and visitation once form is completed?
I put in a custody petition for my daughter. The mother left with her and has been living in Florida for over a year.
I called the courts and they said they need to fill out a petition for temporary custody
I have filled out the custody petition and just don't know where to file it online.
Is there a digital custody petition that a person without a lawyer could fill out on this site?
I need help filling a petition for custody of my son.
Hello! I am looking for help finding the an origional custody petition I can download and print to fill out
I need to fill out a Custody/Visitation Modification Petition and the DIY program says I can't do it becasue I am not the parent.
i am looking for an Art 6 custody petition to fill out
I need to file a petition for custody against my daughter’s father in Monroe County, NYS. Is there an online fillable form available?
Im trying to fill ouit a petition for shared custody or guardianship of my grandson.  He is 10.
I just need help filling out petition for custody
I want to file a petition for custody over my son is there a form to fill online
I am also filling out a petition for modification for custody if that helps you look for what I need
I petition paper work too filling for Custody
I need general help with filling out my petition for custody
Is their any form or petition that my mother can fill out in order for her to give custody back
but do you know of any custody petition forms that a person could fill out digitally?
Hello John, which DIY form do you complete if you need to submit for the first time a custody/visitation petition
