I have a 10 year  old custody order can I modify it or file a new custody petition
i filed a petition to modify an order. the date is set for 01/16 although i need something done sooner
i just need to print modify order of custody documents. Can you please tell me where i can go to print these documents? thank you
i would like to submit a petition to modify my custody agreement electronically with EDDS. How do I do this?
need to petition local criminal court to amend order of protection. wondering what supportive documents are suggested to include along with the petition?
I don’t know what to say but all I need to know how to apply files for modify custody
would a petition to modify custody agreement be applicable?
im looking for the edd form for filing a petition to modify family court custody thing. To file for drug testing
I also want to file a petition to modify/change custody
Can you provide the link to a Petition to Modify Visitation in Kings County Family Court
how many days in dvance do i have to serve a petition to modify custody in westchester county ny
Hello I would like to file a petition for sole legal custody but there is none, there is only one to MODIFY custody
I do plan on filing a petition to modify custody, I'm wondering if there is anything that can be done in advance of that
Can you recommend an attorney? Or should I try filing a potion to modify custody on my own?
I would like to submit a petition to modify my custody order
is it ok to apply online for modify custody
where can i download the diy forms to amend a current child custody.  i am the grandmother
ok so when i go there i asked them to modify my court petition and say that i want to file for sole custody
how many days in advance do i have to serve a petition to modify custody?
I see petitions to modify, but not start one.
Is it a special form to amend the Petition for Custody? What is the name of that form? maybe I can obtain it online?
I am looking for forms to print and fill out for filing a petition to modify cs or reinstate cs
Ex husband is keeping my children away from me. He is violating court order I want to modify agreement to sole custody
should i do mediation first or file to modify petition first?
I want to apply for full physical custody of my son..but in the diy forms I only see forms to modify an order
