The only forms I was seeing were if I already had child support put in place
Hi my name is shenice Do you deal with family court child support cases?
hello I need help about starting a child support case
I need help with child support case for Arrears
so even child support cant be done right now
I called a numbe6for legal support today and they were closed.  Are offices open friday?
Good afternoon, I have a child support case that I feel was unfair
Hi I have child support & need a increased & I’m married & need spousal support
Im looking to file for custody and child support
Are the courts actually functioning?  My spousal support will end in July 2020 and I understand that this must be addressed before the order expires.
My child support is over. I am dealing with the arrears amount.
It's a separate issue and would have to be a separate trial, meaning I can't do this within the child support trial, is that correct?
My sons father owes child support . My son is 26 now. Does my son have a right to his stimulus check?
I have a case, with child support and custody ........ I need a lawyer that why I’m chat with you at this moment,
Indeed help getting child support
he needed to find a child support detainee
I was so far along with a lawyer in regards to child support
I could not find spousal support modification
My friend is out of money and in an emotionally abusive relationship Involving her housing and business and a child
I am looking for information for my fiance on how to possibly get a free lawyer for a child support case
I want to get my back child support, how do i do that??
YES. I need to find a form.. it’s from child support.. it’s call adjustment form..
this is not child support that's why I'm having so much problem is just regular spousal support that he had lost through the Dault
I have a court case tomorrow in NYC for back alimony and child support. Is it still scheduled
that looks correct for custody...does it have others that would help me out like spousal support...sorry could read all.
that goes for Child support as well correct?
Need help finding a lawyer for child custody n child support
my ex-wife has custody of our two other daughters and that support is resolved
Looking for help in starting a child support case for my 2 kids
Like I said I'm on social security me and my wife. Do they have legal aid lawyers for child support cases?
I need child support modification forms
Our son is 15 how long does child support go on for does it end with high school?
I am looking to have a child support judgment modified
how long do it take a judge to Family child support
My stimulus check has been taken due to me owing child support as well
Hi I have a question about child support arrears
Looking for aid with family law. Child visitation and child support.
how can I get some temporary child support without a lawyer? we have a divorce case pending
meaning if child support goes to trial
Yes.  this is for child support also & I can’t find it on the website
I'm looking for my child support papers from judge Myers or the court house it's self stating that I do not owe anything
I need a lawyer who can do my for modification of custody and order of support
So you could not find the application for child support either?
included was a default judgement and a money judgement all recommended by the support magistrate
I have a child support case but right now I am not working what I should do to let the court my situation?
okay what if they were separated and got back together after the child support has been established
march 10 i go for the results should i  come in and refile for child support
Hi I am searching for free legal attorney for child support if its possible
Its a case that is involving a divorce and child support
Family court - custody and child support
Hi Ashley , before the outbreak I had went to family court for child support.
I need help getting spousal support
Thank you for your support, though! Have a good night!
I have a question regarding to child support I wanna close the case because of the pandemic situacion I'm legal costodial of my son
Yes, would the family court help with the child support as well as the financial affidavit form
Hi Nicole , I want to know where I can get a lawyer ?I am going to child custody
Child support modification and a enforcement of child support
I need help finding child support application form
And affidavit of support but I can't find the process anywhere
I turn 21 in September 2020. If I opened a child support case against both parents, would it even take effect before then?
During COVID I had my child support case but it got pushed back, I need it to open again
I want to find a lawyer dealing in child support bank levy
Is visitation contingent on full child support payments and...is this a police matter?
how do I find out if they put a new court date for my child support
OK great so then a support magistrate hears this case again or a regular judge.
I need assistance with a child support and custody/ visitation case.
I want to find out about a child support matter
I am having a hard time finding law information in NYS in regards to a child being 18 years and child support for that child.
Yes this is regarding child support arrears
child support order that was never closed running 25 years
hi im looking for a pro bono lawyer for child support
I lost you.. but I did get the child support link
I have looked there. I didn't find anything about child custody / support. It seems in NY diy uncontested divorce can only happen w/o children.
and my question is if I give custody what jappenes with the child support?
child support collection unit.  I have an account with them
Hello my name is Towanna pinnock and I’m look for Legal help with my upcoming child support case..
hi can I put in for child support right now
Yes I am looking for a low cost or probono lawyer to help me with a child support case
I have a child support situation i need Some help with
I need the legal form to answer a divorce and child custody case.
20 year old child support case, paternity established never had DNA have lost passport as well as 150 thousand payment issue
My daughter is turning 21 on April 23 is there a form I will need to end child support
I want to focus on child support first
nicole, I am low income, my situation is in queens county court about child support
Ok. I only need help in Spousal Support case because my court date is very soon.
i have a friend who has warrants due to child support
Family Court issue visitation and child support modification
I’m looking for help with child support
how do I go about getting a free layer for consult and child custody
Hello are you able to help with child support questions
I need a free consultation for a child support lawyer or someone that deals with child support
I have several child support cases levied against me. Need help
i have a case in FL for child support in iwant to bring to ny,the child support is to high in iwant to a just
Divorce including child matters such as custody, visitation and child support.
Im sorry, not custody, I meant child support
I need help with a child support case
Hi my name is Benjamin Campbell, I’m need help with knowing my obligations for child support
i believe i spoke with you earlier , i lost web link to  child support statue for parents obligation until 21
Is there a way to change the magistrate that is preceding over my child support case?
I also need the form for  Child Support
The one, that say: support modification and enforcement/violation form?
Hello. I'm no longer working and I'm still getting charged child support. But the courts is closed?
Now I'm caught up in arrears for over 50,000 dollars in child support.
I need help finding a lawyer for a child custody case
I’m looking for a lawyer who can advise me about unpaid child support
Hi,  I am looking for a lawyer for two main issues.  Disability abuse
For number 9 may I suggest half custody, visitation rights, and child support payment modification?
Need free legal service in my child custody case that is this Monday? How do I proceeded. I feel very overwhelmed in the process.
Hello, my name is Nataliya. Can you help me to get a consultation by live chat with Child Support?
I’m not working due to the pandemic. I owe child support.  I want to make an appointment to see the judge.
Hi I missed my child support  court case today what can i do
Hi meghan my name is rey. I have some questions in regards to child support arrears
I need help finding a lawyer for a child custody case.
I was directed to this website to get free or low cost legal consul on child support
My question is of a family Court matter involving child support
I will look into it thanks. So there is now lawyer or legal service help for child support
Was just messaging you regarding a support modification order and when I went to check the link you sent me I lost the entire conversation
Ok well this would be a visitation family court issue that involved an order of protection for the child’s safety against the father
Hello, i need legal help regarding child support
I'm looking for a pro bono lawyer for professional help dealing with a child support matter
Where can I get my child support case reopen ?
In need of an affordable lawyer as I may be facing a child support and relocation case. Need help
I am a low income senior citizen and need to find a lawyer to represent me in a child neglect and sexual abuse case
I also opened a child support case
I'm looking for the forms the lady I talk to at NY child support but I can't find them
I need an legal aid to help me with a child support case
I need to find out the process and how to for paternity and child support
How I go about modifying a child support order?
I need a attorney for a child support case and don't have money
how do i get a court date for child support
are courts finally open I have a pending custody and child support modification since March 2020
I need help with my child support case
Doesnt the basic child support obligation cover "shelter"
How do I find out if my child’s mother has a child support case on me
I understand the divorce is in supreme court, but you said child support is decided in family court?
I guess my question is how do I go about filing for child support and full custody as well
I have A question about Public assistance and Child support
I need a family lawyer to help me with a child custody case
My child has turned 18 in April and has no plans for collage and is not working. Looking to end support.
I need a low cost lawyer for custody and child support
modification of custody, violation of custody and child support
I have a questions regarding Alimony and Child Support
I need a former do it yourself adjustment child support..
how about him taking my fiance to court for child support? Can he do that?
I want to know if it’s in the same child support card ?
Hello, my daughter  got married and I want to end child support.
I am the father and a support order was entered against me while I was incarerated, then hospitalized, from 1991 the order date
i need a pro bono lawyer for a child support issue
I need resources for a low cost lawyer for adjustment in visitation as well as child support. I am a DV survivor.
i have child support case coming up... seems the courts are closed...
I’m confused because this is technically not a child support or spousal maintenance issue
After paternity is established we will information about child support.
Hi how are you my name is creilyn and I have a question about child support
for both past support due and current support due
Nicole Need help getting my child support proof
I have a question regarding ending child support based on being reconciled with   the mother of my daughter.
it is about child support matter but for some reason it is in supreme court??
Also my child custody and order of protection court date is on Dec 12; child support date is on Jan 16
I am in the process of a divorce and I have some questions about custody and child support
I was inquiring about my custody agreement and child support situation with my child's father and the meeting arrangements set by family court
One cuestion at this moment my priority is t the custody and child support.....
i would like full legal custody and child support
I am seeking assistance. My young cousin (14) ran awaY from home . I am taking her to the local precinct in search of peer support
Hello! I have a child support case coming up.
Ok I think I can petion the court to end child support
Hello I have a child support order in my divorce how do I get the money
And I meant as in knowing if it was for child care, medical, or just general support between a certain time period.
Good Morning! where can I get a form for spousal support only?
I need to start a child support case
Good morning, my name is Ines Gonzalez. I have a question on child support
There was never a custody issue only child support and yes that was in New York
My court case is for child support located in the bronx
i have a friend that has child support issue and was fraudulently charged for years how can they get justice
i have a  physical copy of my custody/visitation order. What is the name of the document i need, regarding child support/expenses?
Child support and child visitation case
If a child is home on trial, does child support end?
I just domt know if anything changes since she is 18 or if the support goes directly to her or still to her mom
Can an employer fire someone that owes child support
I need help for child support, I need advice on what my first step should be
this is case where two children on the case will the 21 year old automatically ends
her justice is able to help me with the child support aspect
That is okay. Can you connect me to guidance on spousal support because i have children
I have a question about child support i cant answer
Hello my name is Ayana Bennett, and I have an issue with child support
Where in NYC can I find free or low cost help with child custody and support for my divorce
Come out of prison find out case child support case never was close
hi I’m curious to find out if I can get free legal advice possibly representation with a child support case
Hi, how do I close my child support case
I need to find a lawyer for legal advice on  separation divorce and spousal support but I can't afford one.
So being that this is a child support and child visitation case will it fall under family law?
I need help about a child support case I am the custodial parent I have a question about my rights
I am not sure if it was a court case but I am on child support
2nd thing is child support modification . for arrearages
I currently have a child support case. I would like to close the case. I'm not sure what form to use.
Does the amount of maintenance change after child support ends
Hello I dont have a lawyer for my chidl custody and child support case. I cant afford one either.
I'm looking on how do I file for custody and child support
I have questions on continuing child support for an adult child who is a full time student.
Hi, I just have a question about child support and social services
I looked up emancipated, but if  20 year old has a child, does this mean it applies?
I would like a legal aid help me with child support  and spousal support
Does child support or protective services have a responsibility to let me know when the custodial parent doesn't have the child
i was on public assistance and my case is closed   How do you close child support case
Can a married couple have a child support case
I need help finding a pro bono lawyer to represent me in a child support case
How do I end a execution for support order when time duration is up
In other words would I be liable if any event regarding my child as far as safety and other legal issues .
I have questions about custody and support. They are related, and I am hoping someone can give us some answers.
I need help with making changes to child support.
I have a question:  After my acct built can I set court day for my child support using this website?
What are the laws surrounding returning to work and a single mother not having childcare
Even if it’s child support. It still goes under custody modification
good afternoon Augusto.   I have a question about a child support case i have with my exwife
Once it was proven that Im the father and I agreed to child support, this is what happened
Actually, those are the custody forms. I’m looking for child/spousal support forms?
His mistress was one of my friends so her family and my family were so close relationship and I want to end the relationship.
Yeah I understand, it just feels that being in the military, I'm at a disadvantage for several things in regards to child support and custody
I’m looking for an attorney to help with my custody and support cases
Yes it brings us right back to you. For a moment it comes up child support then flips back to you
Mother had primary custody and yes it was part  of the terms.  But terms specifically say child support ends at 21.
Stimulus was confiscated for child support.  That's when I found out.
The link says for custody will that help with extending child support
i need to find the form to close a child support case
It's for child support,  one of my kids turned 21
But it’s not child support, it’s alimony, maintenance
i have a child support case in New York city
well he prob would be happy since the child support would end
hi i’m 19 becoming a college student in september and i want to take my dad to court for child support
Is it possible to bring my friend in the court room for emotional support next time?
Hello Michael, I am writing about a question in regard to custody and child support.
I am actually looking for a law covering child support and college tuition.
I have a child turning 21 in august and need to know what I need to do for the child support is ending
well at the moment we just want the kids to have someone that is able to make decisions for them for health and school reasons
Okay, so basically child support covers all the child costs?
ok if I go get visitation is it true I have to go to child support court first ?
I not looking for advice just looking to see if a situation with my support case is legal
My child support order was set when I had a really good job which was 15 years ago
Opened it briefly. It's an introduction to child support. You've been a great help! Thank you!
Divorce,  child custody has been ordered  but may need small changes
It’s in regard to a specific existing child
Hi, I really need help with a child support arrears matter
Hi  I wanted to know how to start a case for child support and custody can’t seem to find the forms
custody and child support. i appreciate any type of help
No amount for support has been determined yet, would modification happen after she goes before judge
alimony and child support. I was hit with another 15
Im looking to close out my child support case
I think I read it in the child support enforcement website
Yes,it would be the child support modification form IY?,I think its called?
Hello where can i find a free lawyer to represent me in court on Thursday on child custody?
Hello my name Naysha torres I need a child support court order copy
I NEED HELP ABOUT AN CHILD SUPPORT ISSUE
is there a way to start a child support case online? Or do I have to print one out and mail it in
no thank you that information is fine. Is there any kind of counseling or  other service for the child, that the court offer?
and is there a such thing as malicious mother treatment when dealing with custodial and support?
My support order is for the 3 children together. What happens when my oldest child turns 21?
I need help with finding the child support form online.
It does the same with the question on when my relationship began with the mother.. 1977.. It doesnt go back that far either
Ty for your help and support have a wonderful day
I want full custody of my child and child support what should I do?
Need help with child support case
What form I need for my child emancipation into the Army and to end the child support
Need help with child support order 10year old
Hello Nicole, I have a question regarding child support and medical/dental insurance.
not child support a regular civil law suit.
i have a custody & child abuse case I'm needing help with
I’m looking for a lawyer to help with child support case
I'm not sure. We only went once to child support court. I believe its a final order
I want to know what rights men have with child support
I need to find a new free lawyer in cayuga county for my family court and child support
i need assistance with getting child support and full custody
i dont know if i can do it online the petition to close the child support case
i need help with the divorce procedure and spousal support
The forms im looking for are not child support forms. They are Spousal Support Forms. Yes thank you
custody and child support and that is family court
Or should I go through the child support collection unit? Does it matter?
Is it called a downward modification or is it just called a modification for child support?
no. I have a support order from 12 years ago that is still in place
