her attorney installed a live-in home attendant who has been a horror show.
bit before we sign we want to make sure no loopholes
My son was involved in a false/ positive urine which resulted in keep lock shu and a transfer
I NEED A LAWYER TO GET THE IMPOSTER MADE CLAIM OF MY APRIL 3 1982 CAR ACCIDENT FROM 1800ALLSTATE
What will happen when the judge sees that my ex did not follow the court order
my ex girlfriend accused me of harassment, stalking, blackmail, assault
A friend of mine received a marijuana offense. Do you have any information regarding those laws in New York City?
OK MY SON RECEIVED A SUMMON ON A CAR ACCIDENT FROM 2017. WHAT DO WE DO? WE HAVE NO LAWYER
Goodafternoon. My name is Marie A. Whitehead. I need these  matters handled discreetly.
Because right now she's getting away with criminal conduct.
need legal advice about a summons for a past car accident
He has my kids thinking they are gonna die if they see me but if they go out with him they are safe
Ten years ago a friend totaled my car. i never received any compensation for it
She has physically attacked me multiple times before,  one incident is documented with the NYPD
my son is 15 in a group home in order for me to get him back. I need my parental rights reinstated
I NEED TO GET INFORMATION ON GUARDIANSHIP OF AN ADULT
I have been calling attornys for 37 years for my car accident case
In order to settle my grandfathers estate, I need to become the administrator of his estate to move forward with legal matters.
Yes, I was looking into patient rights and when legal action becomes necessary
It's a Automobile accident. The person filing this claim is asking for medical expenses to be cover
Property Damage to my vehicle NOT related to auto collision.
They also refused, and hesitated to fix any major issues during my time there.
I am not sure under what area that would fall into? Personal injury or housing court?
my son has been involved in a traffic stop and was arrested while he was driving my car
My life was threatened and he put the baby in harm's way on the day of the incident
plus, my sister in law is a part time janitor/"recovering' drug addict
Approved but can't get funds because it's going towards forfeited payment penalty
When I get to my door they act like they want to kill me
I wont need the legal advice or lawyer. I am low income and receive a public defender
I’m 2015 I had a graduation party and something happen and now someone is claiming that they was injured on my property
Hi I’m looking for a form for guardianship
Need to find free legal aid someone to ask questions about working and singel parent remote learning and unemployment  info
The question is if a parent wants to give legal guardianship to another person  only for 5 years
they seem to have been perverted into mentallly ill adults but once dealt with property law - not making someone a ward the property of another
and they bribed SSA TO THREATEN ME I HAVE TO FAKE A CAR ACCIDENT
ok great, and we're not asking the court to forgive arrears at this time correct?
My employment rights were also violated and I claim I faced multiple retaliatory actions at the workplace and in college.
I need help getting a missing person declared dead. Which kind of lawyer would I need
I would like to find out what forms I need for support modification end and enforcement of in violation
Person has been threatened degraded injured and hasn't even been convicted of anything poor in america
she keeps threatening my child that if she visits me and does not want to come back to her home she will call the cops
I do not want to default knowing someone is trying to serve me.  I am moving in the next two weeks.
Bronx defenders turned me down said the polygraph, that I passed was subjective, worDs  to that effect.
Dot officer didn't find me at fault about the accident. He said that I shouldn't of been driving it.
Yes, i have a question, if a file for custody, would the other person find out about my address?
In NYS, what are the parameters for emancipation or constructive emancipation?
Hello, I am a defendant in a personal injury liability case and was having trouble finding representation through the website
No. Im not. A person got wrong information and thought the person hit me.
in 2013 I was in a really bad car accident and haven’t been able to work since
I want a  fabricated copy of 1800Allstate claim of my 1982 car accident to know who collected my eight broken bones settlemenz
my car accident happened in Queens NY
I guess my question is what rights do we have as her aunt and uncle in this case.
Actions to recover monies arising out of personal injuries and hair dresser
I have used this site for legal answers and was told I should get representation
i recieve soail security i they want to want to take 562.00 and i only get 881
where exactly would i go if i wanted to be an emancipated minor ?
My dog bit someone one and now I am being sued
i am looking for free legal help as a defendant in a personal injury case against  me from a trip and fall incident
I already did and he refused and said his lawyer said allowing us to leave without penalty is being generous
Yes, a temporary one until the next court date
i cant call police. He has already threatened me about that.
the deal fell through and now the seller need to deduct some of my deposit as damages.
it is a crime for car accident injured not to find a lawyer for 38 years
Last night a guy got shot in front of the building so I feel really uncomfortable
Hi my name is Walter L Douglas
he did have contact with some of these people but my brother is no rapist and definitely hasn’t killed anyone
i let him know- he will most probably threaten me that i will lose my job
not yet. If it were to be excused from the school of origin, then would it be fine?
There is already custody in place, it's now an issue of one parent saying horrific things
No. I know that my privacy is being invaded and the techniques used are malicious.
My ex is very manipulative and verbally and emotionally abusive
he threatened to kill me,hurt the child and take the baby away
My car was struck by a light post at a parking lot at a Mall
We quarreled again, she rushed into my room, hit me, I kicked her
I was in a rearend car accident 12/21/07 and broke my back in two locations.    I was heavily medicated and was powerless over this situation
I need free legal advice related to civil rights.   A friend was mental hygiene arrested, drugged against his will and blood drawn without his permision.
I got arrested in 2014 from homeland security in Albany. I will need to get disposition for this case. How I get that?
The customer filed a suit  to RECOVER MONIES ARISING OF DEFECTIVE REPAIRS
Hi my name is James Pierre Louis
can I be granted temporary guardianship with just a notarized form from the parents? Or does it need to go through the courts?
i know you said you cannot give advice, just saying... they called the cops, played victim, and I went to a psych ward
I told my mother of the rape a couple years ago
Car accident property damage only. I need legal help
as the mother does not take social distancing too seriously we are putting ourselves at risk
He does have places to go I don’t he’s just doing this to hurt me
I am part of a volunteer fire service and I have been subject to harassment and discrimination I believe
it's kind of a public corruption issue they obtained some invalid court decisions/filed fraudulent docs and had a biased judge really horrible
I AM BEING FOLLOWED AROUND BY LAW ENFORCEMENT AND THEY ARE SABOTAGING MY CAR. THIS IS ALSO IN THE NEWS HOW CAN I STOP THAT?
I've been told they need lawyer who has experience with civil penalties under administrative law, which is very different that regular civil or criminal court
I'm having civil case issues involving defamation.
Hi I went to the dentist during Covid for extraction of one tooth yet they pulled more teeth than needed
posted slander online and raised an angry group of supporters to also attack my businesses and send me threats
Waiver of citation renunciation and consent to appointment of administrator
my dad got arrested yesterday and I whant to find were they took him
Hello.  Can you tell me how to request a change in guardian for an incapacitated adult?  Some guardians are neglectful or abusive.
I need free legal services so that I can seek advice on what i need to do regarding guardianship of a minor
I want to file a Property Damage/Loss Of Property case.
My daughter was attacked by another resident in my NYCHA developments
thanks, I see Her justice, would u happen to have any that specialize in helping men?
The issue is that copper kept me safe , I never had damage from Gloria in ‘93 or Hurricane Sandy. I feel so robbed
im wondering if i can press charges on somone who lied to police about wanting to kill myself and having me sent to the hospital;
Thanks again Mike you have been a great help Wish me luck I’m going to the court house today
I WAS ASSAULTED IN 2 STATES. I NEED POLICE REPORTS FROM BOTH STATES
It is disability discrimination. I was badly hurt during a student fight. My district has been discriminating and harassing me.
I am looking for legal aid for extreme issues that happened to me a couple weeks ago
do yo know, what do people need in order to qualified to aaply 'temporary legal status"
Hi, I’m looking for free legal advice regarding a car accident. Am I on the right website?
The extent of the injured party‘s injuries.Cover costs
Is that all court action stuff ? Do I need an attorney?
my problem is:2 days ago someone's dog bit me
Is that someone call me and said that my social security was compromised in a criminal issue.
Hello I wanted to know by law what's mandatory after settlement in a personal injury case in ny
Saying i’m a fire hazard b/c i have too much stuff in my at. Amongst other things that aren’t true
Tree could have killed us if went the other way in home
but my car accident happened in NY while I lived in Queens NY
MY CAR ACCIDENT HAPPENED IN QUEENS NY
like we had an argument no bruises no blood no marks no broken bones
TY.  I never got to tell my side of anything, just defended myself by an abusive man who has estranged me from my kids
My only background is from 2005 convicted 2006 and i have a certificate of relief
I did not know about the law that says u can't kick anyone if he stayed more than a month
Ok.  Thank you for the information. I have looked at the Guardianship information before, will look at power of atty also
I dont know how to proceed hwo can a person be allowed to blackmail me  and threaten us
The salon is right next door to me and there is people going in and out non stop
i am...the judge ordered temporary order...never got order
He forged my signature claimed my car accident fabricated my car information said I was not injured and closed the claim
would that make a difference in speeding up the proceeding? i don't get why the judge gave an october date- seems unfair as well
the laywer filed in wrong town put me back 2 months
They're with me and him and he just screamed in my face and nearly hit me
AND SHOULD BE A CRIME TO LET INJURED PERSON NOT FIND A LAWYER
I need to know what is my next step when I feel my public defender isnt acting in my best interest?
I it on video and even the police report indicates it...he threatened me, my property and my animals
I need a lawyer to help me with a no fault car accident
Hi i want to know if my daughters mother stop receiving public assistance can i go to court and doormat the order  ?
I have received a ten day notice to cure
I need to contest Guardianship on behalf of a third party
I told the officer I felt threatened and my big son is 22 he threatened the both of us
NYPD SAID THEY CANT INVESTIGATE COURT THEFTS
He has had bed sores. Low blood pressure attacks.  Roomate violent  sexually physical theft for years
I want to know what my rights are as an alleged victim
he stole my 3 million dollars default judgment for my NY MTA car accident and 8 broken bones
she feels unsafe and has claimed physical abuse within the family from both parents
I currently live in a shelter and I was attacked outside it by an individual that stays there as well!
I have called law enforcement once on neighbor. Was advised to install cameras, I did
Ok in Nassau County for a personal injury attorney
He’s never gotten in trouble first time
her family asked me to take care of talking with landlord  because she had no will or estate no assets
How long do I have to evacuate after landlord goes to lawyer
Does being injured by this count as personal injury ? My apologies I am young, thank you so much
how do i go back in the DIY page if I made a mistake
None of us have taken legal action yet
I just received an evictions letter. I was in car accident out of work and is behind in rent
i need a lawyer for landlord neglecting codes and because of neglect almost fatal accident
My mother was awarded guardianship of my daughter without my knowledge.
Since I filed my daughter has attempted suicide twice in her fathers care and ACS has done nothing.
Spell clarification so you need the 3 dots and horizontal or vertical
I'd like to get legal advice on a sexual assault that happened to me about 4 years ago
Honestly, after getting the judgement the courts pointed me to the sheriffs / special civil officers and i got literally nowhere at all
the company is very aggressive and i see that they do this to other people but not this quick.
and the first name to my public defender is Kevin
i need help finding a lawyer about some legal help or possibly some advice on harassment and wrongful defamation of character
the victim is not being physically harmed, but emotionally and mentally abused
My child has reached 21 years of age on October 15th 2020. My deductions have not stopped. Is it automatic?
as well as has made her intentionally harm herself cause of his actios
I would like my drivers licence back
I need help finding a lawyer that deals with lemon law and auto dealer fraud
we are currently quarantined in queens Long Island city
I had a general question about the NYS Sexual Harassment policy. Is that something you can help me out with?
Property damage they are claiming is caused by a poison oak tree
hi, I received a SUMMONS to appear in the Bronx County because of a car accident
Okay.. so this isn’t a public defender officr this is  Legal aid or both?
Do I just ask if this person was assigned a public defender
I need a lawyer for Sexual Harassment, Discrimination and Retaliation.
Hi my landlady put a small blink camera by my door without advising me first
JUST LIKE DOCTORS CAN NOT PICK AND CHOOSE WHICH ILL PERSON TO EXAMINE OR CURE
and where I might information regarding the presumption of harassment in caselaw or statute?
Thanks. I dint really need legal action just want to know if I am able
Kings however, the incident (wrongful as in murder) took place in Manhattan .
I have been having emotional problems but I believe I am strong enough not to commit suicide or any self hurting thing
I went to the bathroom before you cold direct me to an organization.
How can I get a lawyer for abuse I was abused by my fathers girlfriend?
Is there a standard restraining notice document? Also, Bank Levy and Exemption document?
Someone beat somebody up in there home. The person think i had some to do with it. That i zend them there.
due to COVID police where not responding to accident that didn’t result injury
Hello I’m looking for information about guardianship If a minor
Violence and substance abuse in the household is most certainly not in anyone's best interest
Under the law that gives people 1 year to sue for civil damages if they claim they were sexually abuse,
good morning. I am looking for information on sueing my abuser
ALL THE HELP I CAN GET AGAINST CROOKED COPS IS HELPFUL
MEANWHILE TELLING ME I CAN NOT CLAIM MY CAR ACCIDENT BECAUSE MY POLICY EXPIRED
Hi there, I have a court case on june 24th my sister in law had slapped me across the face in citi bank in november
I am looking for a lawyer to defend my case. I am being sued from a personal injury case
No, I don't. I am a mother who wants to give completer guardianship to my mother.
Her name is Alexandra savedra 914 803 6942
she was being abuse by a church member who took all of her money.
A man beaten up my uncle we filed a fir ,
Can you get kick out without going to court first
I need a public defender for June 30 at 930 am
While I was finally then under doctors supervision directed to stay at home for some time they fired me while under doctors care
I was falsely accused of sexual harassment and fired from my job
It's personal injury. I am being sued over a bicycle accident with a pedestrian.
Victor hernandez 181 fullerton ave
My cousin crossed the border and he is afraid to go back to his country of origin
I think it would be easier if it was auto deducted
Good morning, my mom was struck down by a sled in the park and broken her bones
I need help with guardianship art 81
are stun guns legal for self protection in ny
She lives in a gated community and has threatened to call police on me
im stuck in a broken system that the only way to get justice if you have money
ALSO LAWYERS SPECIALLY CAR ACCIDENT ATTORNYS SHOULD NOT HAVE THE CHOICE TO PICK AND CHOOSE WHICH CASE TO TAKE
Under the doctrine of constructive emancipation, a child of employable age that refuses contact with custodial parents forfeits any entitlement to suppport
I found out yesterday that I have an order of protection that a sherif pulled up when scanning my license
Just asking because a few have told me to find a public defender, however the county has none
I’m being sued for an accident I had over three years ago, and I need representation
I need someone who handles defamation or malicious persecution cases
I was being personally sued because my insurance did not The extent of the injured party’s injuries.
Appreciate your help, just almost recovered from a serious accident so want to finally get help.
Honestly we don't know if the man is dead or alive its been almost 13yrs
he has threatened to take our son in the past so that is why i am so fearful
I went to court And got a temporary order until we were suppose to go back
i want to know if a minor turns 18 can they waiver an order if protection from a statutory rape case
Need help Sueing Ditech Financial for Damages and need to know all of my rights
When ice get somebody where I can find that person?
I've never been violent ever in my life
I'd like to file an order of protection against verbally abusive spouse
Hi I need help with getting a public defender I was wrongfully arrested
30 minutes won’t help me defend myself.
Good afternoon . I would like assistance in obtaining the proper documents needed to file an accident claim for an amount above$25,000.
Need assistance with back child support since 1996 ? Is there a statue limitation law
How much time a landlord has to fix a sewerage code violation is not an opinion
Is was being made but the person never legally processed it threw a lawyer...
It was from a car accident I did not cause someone in the accident is suing me for negligence and carelessness in  motor vehicle accident.
i could have killed him when i was just 16 back in 1972
Yes, putting a auto protection on 2 individuals it has to be done online to right? Cause that’s what I was told
Don't know if I should get a lawyer involved now or wait until after the Suspension?
I am a dental hygienist....but 2 major vehicle accidents left me unable to perform my work.
Michael Kalkin and 1800Allstate promised me they documented my injuries in the false claim but lied and abused me and gave me the run around
The guy caries a concealed handgun at times.
he was physically assaulted by one of the staff members and there are witnesses to the incident
I have been falsely accused of assaulting a former case planner
hello, i need someone to represent me in court regarding a check valve test
He has assault record and County pressed charges against him filed an order of protection
managment never fix the problems that occured in the Apt. like rat hole. roaches
2 counts of 1st degree attempted murder 1st degree
It took court dates for him properly apply for the public defender.
My fried has mental disability and is being harrased by other tenats.  Propertymanagement is doing nothing
I don’t need information on 17A guardianship
he owns a harley davidson, and RV and he bought himself an $800 bow and arrow
How am I supposed to "cure" something that isn't the case?
I mean they left a pice of tooth in my mouth añd I have proof
Hello I need to take legal actions against acs in harassment
It's a case about discrimination, conflict of interest, retaliation.
Hold on let me see real quick
holding someone back and than giving them consqueces for  UN HARMFUL BEHAVIOR
My public defender is not representing me and has actually got me in more trouble by her misrepresentation
I  am a victim with 6 broken bones on my face and reconstructive surgery that happened in New York
We have the health care proxy. We need the guardianship because the party is unable to make decisions
I wanted to subpoena Michael Kalkin's my 1982 Allstate Agent's fabricated claim of my 4-3-1982 car accident
I don't want to get into trouble, but I also wouldn't want this person to be taken by the police and returned home
Lastly, are there any government officials, congress people or other city groups I can ask for assistance in this matter dealing with hospital misconduct?
I wanted to let you know I have mental health issues also and I was hurt in the wreck.
verbal abuse and inaccessibility to private property
We talked about conflict of interest, retaliation, word place safety
I'm no longer at the shelter where this took place due to death threats
Was it illegal from NYS to collect this fixed income and did the bank also commit an illegal act?
thank you SO very much. Wishing you  & yours health, long life and prosperity. :)
they abused me for 38 years did not let me claim my car accident
Don’t know if they want to get involved he fights dirty and has hurt a lot of people
In 3 years the landlord has not come in once to check the fire alarms/ carbon ditectors
if there is one does the motion to vacate default judgement handle that as well?
can you tell me in small claims court whether the losing party can be liable for the winning party’s legal fees ?
Like I mentioned, this is an ongoing issue. I don't want to wait until me or my dad is seriously injured.
