I have a few questions to determine if myself and my children qualify for disability
I have been in contact with him many many times during this crisis even while hospitalized with covid
I had done a surgery on my arms and I'm unable to work
I am writing for help re: unemployment (and/or maybe medical disability ...).
When he left the hospital, he was not given any information about what they did to him when he was knocked out.
yes. but im not looking for repair anymore. i only need time to move out
CPS visits the house on a weekly bases, and this is affecting his mental health.
I am afraid to go to a shelter as this pandemic is making that dangerous. I suffer from severe asthma
I’m seeking a modification or termination what’s my next step
How can I initiate this process? His adoptive mother is in a rehab for a stroke  and is not sure when she's getting out
Hello I am trying to get help with a personal injury case
I have been diagnosed with endocrine pancreas  cancer trying to get ssi or ssi disability. I'm 59 years old have worked my whole life
I am well-versed in the law, but I have an mental health issue that was negatively publicized.
I receive social security benefits & take medications that I have not had any access to
She is also assigned to my aftercare, includes  stitch removal, prescribing followup pain meds etc.
She was abusing Suboxone for a weekend and I think she is in rehab
I am a therapist and I am working with a client who has a mental health diagnosis and a disability.
Well, I am in a nursing home for rehab/physical therapy until May 4
With this virus situation it’s been hard to reach offices.
He doesn't have mental health issues his not mobile
I was wondering if my spouse wants to talk to me about court but he is abusive what should I do
Cancer patient Needs a probono lawyer in housing court
I am confused with my brother lease..he had a stroke and is unable to speak for himself so l seek guidance
I feel they kind the feel after I have baby my brain is not good as before
I'm sorry that should have said my grandson was born severely drug-addicted
I am a disabled veteran, 73, with Cerrohsis of the liver.  I don't have much time left.
thanks for that. I have been thinking about getting therapy and legal procedure at the same time
My son has had two brain surgeries  and needs looking after although he is 31.
Yes.  I am disabled. I cant talk or see well. I have a MS. A neck compression that needs surgery..Ptsd and adhd a
i explained his health issues and i said dr stated july 15th
I am seeking disability and he was just 2 months of full retirement age before this
He is in a treatment center, but it never last long; alway within a few months he becomes violent.
He live in Queens currently in Rehab and they are saying he cant live here because of his stroke
I was asking about my x husbands survivor right pension plan
In which landed yo admit her on psychotic  clinic
i was told I can get a no charge Divorce due to me being disabled
I need help finding a lawyer cause channel 13 news wrote a story about me that could cause me bodily harm
my Elbow hurts really badly got it check out by the doctors and been waiting to see the second opinion on my elbow
I had a great team at FJC, and a weekly therapist and everything
I got bad news ill b here for 6weeks after that ill b out of work i have leukemia and ill b takjn medication
the judge is now allowing my abusers to take my children off his health insurance also
No I just needed a order protection because I'm going through verbal abuse
I had a lawyer but do financial issues I don't have one anymore
I am looking fir help to become power of attorney for my grandfather who has dementia and is in a nursing home at hospital
Judgements and home leans while I was in and out of surgeries and then found Disabled my The Social Security Administration.
I will contact them also. My doctor said I am losing too much weight. She goes through my stuff. I appreciate you. Thank you.
I had a bad depression problem, economical and so on..she use to threatened me
I am out sick until further notice due to my medical condition! Have no job now.
Btw, I am a stroke victim and I am legally disabled
Later said no problem he had thyroid problem only
Both parties have worked on our issues and decided that this is the next step in our healing process.
Not sure about that as he has lived on his own before. I suspect he is bipolar though
Yes I need a judge to order my son who is disabled to take his medication.  I fear for his safety
i'm 57 I was hoping to retire at 65.
I received a 10 day notice to cure about my apartment
And due to disability the representative for the two has medical issues is not any younger
I have heart failure and i had a stroke. He keeps coming with no paper work
Im no longer working im on disability
One roomate has a room downstairs & he was getting his lost l part of his leg & then he has Covid now!!!
I'm trying to get guardianship of my father, he has not been officially diagnosed but he seems to be showing signs of dementia
I’ve been receiving mental health counseling I’m so stressed I don’t know what else to do
I’ve been out of work and unable to walk since the injury on the 7th
unfortunately, my mother got COVID and as a result was hospitalized
Question about  mental health error on a patient from while back
i know on meds and has a high ammonia level due to illness read up causes false test
Also my mother has alzheimer and I am interested in knowing the steps for guardianship to make decisions on her behalf
I'm not mentally challenged I am physically disabled and my left leg is amputated my right one is reattached
I showed up to a alcohol counseling appointment above the legal legal limit and Supervised visitation was ordered
I am an American citizen but I am in Italy right now because of my health issues
I am going to have him court ordered to take medication
I have fallen into the cracks of the system please help me
I need a lawyer i think i am being discriminated to be reinstated to my job after leaving due to illness
He sees a therapist psychiatrist also on medication he has IEP
i cannot afford to hire an attorney as i am physically disabled, onssi for a spinal deformation for 15 years
This was for unemployment checks given to my wife due to COVID 19
Hi i have beem a victim of psychiatric inpatient hospital abuse and cruelty
Thanks to dedicated people like you I am able to slowly repair my distroyed life
I need to file for guardianship for someone who is in a coma
I am 74 with heart disease and joint problems and some dementia
No. I just can't stand my parents being so controlling and effecting my mental health
plus they know i am on the autism spectrum and have a history of depression
what forms do I need to complete an adoption dissolution
He would be afraid of them because she he was drunk he would be Vunrrable.
just because they felt like it I showed them mailed dates over a month credit card and Medicare doctors bill I have asthma
It has been 38 years imposter is collecting disability under my injuries
I need to find an attorney in Saratoga County who is experienced in eviction cases. I am disabled, in a physical rehab center.
I’m immigrant but I came here for the father of my girls with alcohol problems
I am getting the Pandemic Assistance  based on the CARE ACT
He was able to do this by preying h his weakness of recovering alcoholic.
so there is no way we could have known he has cancer 6 months ago
Is there a way to get information about a previous case? I'm a mental health counselor at a school
I am a dialysis tech, like a nurse... I work directly with patient's but not with one's infected
my mental health and quality  of life has been detrimentally declining for years due to family and living situation
No   we are looking to dissolve an adoption due to circumstances
I need to know how to and who to go to to have my adult son get out of my home. He's drug addicted
1 needs medication for ADHD, but their dad will not allow it, "they dont behave like that for me"
I have multiple sclerosis.  Dizziness and chronic fatigue
he also from what i hear got diagnosed with a mental disorder as well
sorry my son is affected by autism and epilepsy
Need legal help with HP action I am disable with heari g and vision difficulties
my child has anxiety, adjustment disorder and adhd
I need to file an order of show cause. My attorney is seriously ill with COVID-19
I cant Work I’m in the hospital at least two times a week for medical issues
I need help finding a lawyer cause channel 13 news  wrote a story about me that I think could cause me bodily harm
ok because we also has sent out wellness checks to the house
if it helps, her Mental health is the main issue
Last week they are helping with my accident. I have a deposition on February 4, 2020
My transmale son was perscribed a medication within only meeting the psychiatrist a few minutea prior.. He acts off since...
I am looking somewhere but haven’t found any then I got admit to hospital for mental issue
He was diagnosed with hydrocephalus at 88 after falling. He choose not to risk operation
Can you tell me how to file for a medication over object order to order my son to take his medication.
I am being poisoned by my landlord via air abuse
I am not working As I have cancer and have several surgeries to go through.
n he can't take care of her drung addiction
Looking for a free legal help in dissolving an adoption
Sorry I contracted virus on April and had two months sickness from that I am fine Now
i was told I could at least get a free consultation to help, but would it be via phone with the Covid issues?
My friend is being discriminated against & not offered bail bc of his mental health issue.
once i filled out custody and visitation modification where do i send the information to?
age 75 mom got injury in nyc
First time in court the grandmother has issues an takes prescription meds an her father is a acholic an a felon
and i cant go with her on appointents now to check on my baby's health
I think my ex is treating our developmentally disabled son sexually inappropriately.
I need a disposition letter how do I get one
It’s a health care issue with rehab nursing home formerly Jewish Life care
my father is living in Staten Island NY. He has an dementia Alzheimer’s diagnosis.
Looking for a lawyer to help a inmate with abuse and neglect
I need a Attorney  With with physical Disability  they gave me one in the past
I can not be at a shelter due to severe PTSD and panick/anxiety disorder
I am not happy with the services  ihad been receiving at the plaza rehab and nursing  center.
Hello i need a mental health lawyer for a case
I was strangled, and opted out of medical attention (due to shock) and her broke some of my property
I had hoped to retire at 65, I'm  57 now.
I am physically  disabled for the past 5 years
And she doesnt want to because she is collecting disability for years
I need to sue a gynecologist who prescribed HRT, subsequent to same therapy I suffered a stroke.
ive had to deal with addiction issues so unfortunately I could not get the test done
Sure thank you. My issue is related to store issue.
I suffer from PTSD and my disability rights were violated.
I am a 66 year ols disabled senior.
Under this logic they would rather have me go through an unwanted pregnancy than to decline a cancer screening
Then he gave her another pain medicine .all was in her IV
ACS came to do a wellness check on my daughter while I was at work
I’ll check the handbook. Thank you for your help
I have asked for photo documentation of the damage. My father does have some dementia but also has very lucid days.
I also have doctor doctor notation of my disability and limitations
i'm sorry i will not do that so he can really harm her or she hurts herself even more cause of the abuse
I Had a court appearance on the 30 of March.  I was hospitalized in psychiatric care at time.
Thanks hun...my head is killing me...this alot
Medicare only pays for 20 days, and the person only went to their facility for short term rehab
She's been diagnosed with mental Illness. Shes been in & out of mental institutions.
Ms Ana my situation is kind of hard  cause I just got off a heart attack 2years ago
I was discharged from a treatment facility after 10 months back to being homeless on Tuesday
the stress has been unbearable, our loving happy marriage has turned into constant fighting, anxiety and depression
My health is not the best. I have HIV and neuropathy...at a point of time I was in a wheelchair
1"I need to stop it 2'replace food 3 replace meds 4 get safe houding
been dealing with alcoholism and chronic stage one bipolar syndrome
also is there way to temporarily stop the garnished given the crisis we are in?
I had a disability claim being filed before COVID due to limitations
I'm In A Nursing home And Was Falsely Imprisoned For Over A year I thought maybe I could Have A Mental Hygeine Lawyer Help Me
And currently I am disabled I need a lot of care
I have diagnosed PTSD, complex PTSD- I was denied disability from VA for this because I was not in combat
Can I order it online.  I am on 24/7 oxygen and immoble
Do I need a personal injury lawyer or a housing lawyer
I was paying 392$ every week but I'm out of work because of a injury
I need to get my stress migraine medication
I was only given notice to remove my car within days but they had it towed in 3
I wasn’t sure if I should get a disability advocate to help me
He is a senior, 95 yrs old, age related mental deficits
I do have some disabilities that are fortunate I don't want them getting away
My arm is already messed you . Had to get surgery
No I'm currently not working. I am suffering with severe anxiety and  PTSD.
My child fell off a couch and was rushed to hospital. They found some bleeding around brain and eyes and reported it as abuse
they are very ill chronic stage 4 cirrohis live in car
At this point I'm struggling to function for even basic tasks and have been in the hospital because of not having my Asthma medication.
how can i protect my 76 year old mother's assets from a stranger, now that she's been hospitalized for another bipolar episode? in Brooklyn
also, if I have Parkinson's, PTSD and anxiety can I get dismissed from the case
The case have violation at Due-Procces so I need to fine how to make emotion aqueduct
Thanks, and btw I’m off work completely due to Chemotherapy makes me immune compromised
Ok I will call on her behalf because she is mentally disabled suffering from Alzehimers
I can get a letter from my doctor stating I'm disabled at the moment. I can not bear weight on my right foot.
Hello, I lost my job due to covid and I am very stressed out
Yes I just need to make you aware of my neighbor's health legal needs
He refuses medication he is erratic he wonders. He becomes agitated easily and yells at strangers.
Especially since they came due to me panicking, I vomited and was extremely weak, my breasts are damaged and I have Lyme disease as well
Yes i only have my disability check i have not worked in 7 years i have colon anul rectal cancer and CHRONES DISEASE
he got it from a counseling center for battered women
I am eligible for Health Home Care Management but have a problem with DOH-5055.
its part of his sick mind a game he plays
Is there anyway I could get a court order for my mom to go to rehab?
I want to discharge my mom from a rehab/nursing faciltiy
I want to know if i could get ailmony
She is 42 years old. Coma was caused by a recent motor accident on 8/21
ITRY TO GET HELP HELP DIDNT FOLLOW THEIR CONTRACT ABOUT NO VIOLENT TOLERANCE I VE DEALING WITH DEPRESSION WHICH IVE DOCUMENTED IN THE CONTRACT
I'm not claiming injury, just failure to complete a course of treatment
Both my civilian counselor and VA MD have diagnosed complex ptsd ( a series of traumatic experiences) some of which involve trauma in the military
I was in a psychiatric hospital where they treated me like an animal
How can i get a copy of my relief of disability from 2000
My mother had to be admitted to a nursing home during the pandemic, I need to assist in getting her medicaid after her insurance terminated.
my mother lives there but after I leave I am not sure if she will stay much longer either because he seems mentally unstable
and due to this virus I got almost 8 weeks with out working
he also has about 2 rotten teeth and they won’t give him pain meds either
Do you know of where I can seek advice on hospital mis- treatment?
there is a current case open with CPS the mom got pulled over and she was overdosed driving with him.
I worked hard for my sobriety for 10 months and care of my mental health
My daughter stays in the streets and doesn't follow her therapy for depression also doesn't take her medications
How can I get a disposition letter from  Queens Criminal Court Kew Garden
I am looking to being my medical bill to small claims court because I was misdiagnosed
Great. But what if Medicare is covering it and has approved. It's not a Medicare issue, but the pharmacy itself
The fair hearing is an option by the State when the health agency denies request for a night aide.
she’s 92 years old and just discharged from hospital
I have a love one who is experiencing neglect due to his mental state and is being harassed
What do I need to do?  Ask court for termination order?
my mom is starting to show signs of Alzheimer’s. She wants to for me to be her POA
Hi I'm trying to find out who to ask about health hazard condition in apt
I was hit by a car and placed in a psychiatric ward and given a misdiagnoses condition
His paperwork is very confusing..he suffered a stroke and cant speak for self
what rights and legal direction can the on take to help his father out of abusive situation ..
I am 100 percent disabled in a wheelchair and live in a 504 appointment for the handicapped
I am a cancer patient and the trauma affected me to the point where I have been but on antidepressants from trauma
there is no form for a notice of termination so I can make one myself right?
I guess i should take care of this probation issue first
I have a 83 yo parent I need to have. court  ordered to medication treatment for dementia
HI I think I was on with Jordan on a medicare issue
Need to sue a gynecologist who prescribed aggressive hormonal therapy. Subsequent to same a stroke impacted my body.
We arent in New York due to my mother being a high health risk.
my grandmother's primary physican misdiagnosed and as a result, she has stage 4 cancer
I was put down to $170 a month due to total and permanent disability
and a great deal of the money went towards simply making so my wife would not die of asthma attack
It's not disability,   just low income due to pandemic
Hey how much more time i have to recover my appt after been evicted?
Hello, My husband was let go from his position as the resident naturalist because of Covid-19.
I told them multiple occasions that he has been diagnosed with dementia and should not be contacted about this
I had two jobs but this morning we were all told to go home until further notice bc of the covid virus
By the time I got home the paramedics was there tell my wife she didn't feel good but she refused
oh, I see this: You cannot use PFL for your own serious health condition, but you can with FMLA.
Hi Lauren!  I have a broken arm and I type really slow with one hand
I have complex PTSD, and being treated by VA, but not awarded disability for PTSD- I need to challenge them
I currently live in Alexandria VA. Will they still be able to help me.
My brother who has a psychiatric history  was arrested on parole violation. I need help reaching a lawyer .
it’s been over a week now I have been living like this I have a daughter with disabilities
i haven’t worked the past 4 months because of the pandemic and also I got cancer do I qualify for modification
My back is killing me I have to get some meds I will be right back
due to her lies claiming he had a fever of 103 even with constant doses of Tylenol- I insisted she take him to his Dr.
I walk with a cane and have arthritis in my lumbar spine and nerve damage to my sciatica and bulging dics.
No current order and son has been diagnosed with cancer. I can't work now cause of his condition. Dad is on parole in florida.
Yes, and thank you so much. It’s a hard pill to swallow
I suffer from PTSD and suicidal thoughts since September 17 2019
My wife has a mental disorder bibloar dulusional
my mental health records were accessed by an unauthorized person 6x
I am looking for a legal aid due to my financial situation
It was more of a hate issue. This group of people hated me my personality or something
I have a trouble, I was hit by an electric scooter!  Unconscious for two weeks
I wasn’t able to work due to the injury and had to do physical therapy
She was in Regal Heights Rehabilitation and health  care center since February 2018
All day I’m referred back to who referred me. Kinda a headache.
I have plaque psoriosis ,asthma,high blood pressure scarcoidosis sciatica, depression
due to COV —19 going to doctors was nit advised
this kind of isolation causes permanent brain damage
Can a elderly person who needs in home care and gets on Medicaid can they get off of Medicaid once they start for any reason
I've been disabled due to my previous Doctor misdiagnoses of my condition witch turned out to be a tumor on my spine
i havent gotten my meds or seen my doctor adn my symprtoms are getting worse.
My son has an autism disorder, and he used to get behavior services from his health insurance. Medicaid does not cover these services
He is disabled in a wheelchair and has visual impairment. He is about 56yrs old
