Thank you so much we are the good people like you thank you
Ok wonderful thank u for your help!
Ok great I really appreciate your help and god bless you
i think that covers everything. thanks for your help!
i need to review what you've given me.  i appreciate your help.  have a great day!
Thank you. I’m just looking for the help we need and deserve
Ok thank you I'll give it a try. Thank you for your help.
I really appreciate your help. Thanks for all you do, Dennis
I need to know what type of legal help I need
Ok. I'll look into it. I appreciate your help.
Thank you, I appreciate your assistance, Have a Great Day!
ok what else would you like me to tell you
Thank you for your help today Emily, take care
Thanks! That’s be very helpful! Am very confused about everything these days...
None of that is helpful to me,thanks though.....guess ill just have to continue the way i am
going to go now, i really appreciate your help and thanks for putting  up with me sorry if i was frustrating at all!
Oh good. I really appreciate all your help Stephanie? . I will check them out now !
Hello Michelle. I hope you can help guide me
They gave me this number to ask for financial help please
Ok thank you. I do have a whole other issue in addition to all that
Ok. You can tell I’m feeling very sorry for myself 😊
i really dont know something related to my issue if not is ok
Ok great.  Your help is much appreciated.
Ok that's a good start thanks for your help
Not at this very moment. But thank you. I am grateful this service exists.
thanks! and what happens if she cant find him with service
i reread it and saw it said not to give you my name.lol
Not at the moment thank you you’ve help a lot!
O ok, well thank you very much for your help!
Thank you so much for your help. You guys are a tremendous resource!
Ok this is really helpful.. Thanks very much for your help
that's true, you made me feel better, thank you so much!
excellent help. thank you and stay well.
Ok thanks you helped me get started
Yes i would be elated if i couldn't get some real help
Okay, thank you so much and my friend also thanks you.
my friend got one, and it helped a lot
It seems to be out of everyone's.  Thank you for getting back to me.
OK, I will come Monday.  Thank you so much for the service you provided me.
Thank you! I am sorry I had to leave. I appreciate your help!
Okay thank you for your  help.  Stay well.
No that's okay.  Thank you for the help though I greatly appreciate you trying
no thats it. thank you for what you could do. maybe the library
Hi Sarah . I need help with something
or anybody else that can personally guide me and walk me through this>
Thank you so much, and yes that will also be helpful
ok. great. I can't thank you enough
You’ve e been great Lindsey. I appreciate your help
I feel helpless but if that is the only help you can provide me with, I thank you kindly.
No,  not really since I can't do anything. Thank you again for your help!
So I just want to be directed to someone for that question, if possible.
Thanks so much. I'll review. I appreciate your help.
Nope that's it. You've been very helpful. Thank you.
Good Morning, I hope everything is well with you today.
Yes that would be extremely helpful, thank you
Yes. Hello and thank you for being of service in these challenging times
Thank you. It’s very hard. But I truly appreciate your help.
Ok very well thank you for your time. Ill c what I can do.
If I was the one to file for a refrain from how could I take it away
Ok that's good.  Thanks for your help
No, it’s fine for know.  Thank very much for your help
I need help to get the assistance we need
That's the one I think my friend found for me. Thank you.
okay well at least i know where to start :) thank you again
ok good idea.  I'll check there.  Thank you for your help
Thanks a lot for your help Debbie. Have a great day.
It takes a toll on ones health. thanks for understanding and for all the help
well.....if you can find it for me it would help a lot.
Do you know of any relief for seniors during this difficult times
Thank you I really appreciate your help and I need to do this fast as possible
Alright. It's unfortunate but I guess there is nothing I can do. Thank you for your help.
ok thank you I will take a look into these.. thanks for your help
I'm seeking possible legal help
I’ll check out the website thanks a lot
Thanks for your assistance, it gives me some direction on what to do next!
Okay it’s okay — thank you though !
I just don't even know how that could even help to be honest? !
Okay perfect thank you very much. You’ve been very helpful
Ok, thank you. I just wanted to confirm. Thank you again for all your help
thank you so much for all your great help Augusto
Thank you so much for your help. I really appreciate your help, very informative.
Ok thank you for your assistance. It was really helpful. Have a good day.
Thank u that would be such great help
Yes I would look into it thank you for your time
no, I have my work ahead. thanks so much for youor kindness!
I'll start looking now. Thank you so much for your help today!!
OK i really appreciate your help i am crying and feel sick over this
Got it, I'll check that out to see, thank you
Thank you very much! I will call them, I really appreciate your help!
Okay. Thank you. That makes me feel better.
Thanks so much ❤️ God bless you 🙏
No that's all. Thank you so much. You've been very helpful!!
Ok not at the moment thank you for your assistance with this matter. Have a good day
I appreciate your time and assistance Max thank you
i have went the program before things are getting worse
Good morning, just checking out this service to see what's available
Any assistance with this question would be greatly appreciated.
Thank you.  I'll try those.  I appreciate your help.
OMG noway ur awesome God bless you thanks a bunch
is there someone i could meet with to help with my forms. maybe you can point me in the right direction.   thank you
Ok thank you. I've been there but I'll look again
Great. Really appreciate the help. Have a great day!
no you have given me some places to start looking.  thank you
I will try them for sure. Thank you I appreciate your help.
no thank you everything you gave me helps thank you
Alright, I'll take a look.  Thank you.
That’s good to know, thank you for your help!
I appreciate your time. If I had any $ I would gladly donate.
I don't think that would be necessary , but thank you.
Can you help me find a self help form for this?
I dont need legal help I just have a question
if i need more help i come back  thank you
Ok thank you that's somewhat helpful
ook Ashley, thanks again. have a good day!
ok thanks a bunch, I will call them definetley.
Are we able to add him even tho shes 11 years old now?
so she and I just keep getting screwed thanks for ur help
Great I will try thanks again for your time 👍
Ok sounds good.  Thanks again for your help
Oh ok will do you were super helpful, thank you for that
Same thing happened again ?  This us your page you’ve given me
I would like to forgive 20,000 but not all. Is that allowed?
Thanks for your help ,I'll do whatever it takes just to make sure what I should do about this
Ok. I will try again later. Thank you for your help
Thanks, I appreciate your help. I'll just go and check out their site now. Bye!
Nope that be all thank u ...u been a big help
Okay thanks Megan appreciate your help
Thank you for your understanding, I really appreciate your time.
They say they can't help with criminal matters
Not today - this is a great resource and you've been extremely helpful.
I want to know what forms do I need ? Or what do I need in order to do so
I want to go back to the city if I could.
You're great!  Thank you so much.  At least now I feel like I have a direction and assistance.
Thank you so much, I'm grateful for your help, things are getting dire
and believe me I am willing to do what I can to someday make sure that there is a resource or resources available.
Thank you. Yes I would like to continue
Hello and good morning, I would like a
I really appreciate your time and the resourcing you're giving me.  Thank you.
Ok, great. Thanks so much for your help.
Hello im looking to get some help
Not a problem thank you so much and take care
Sure that would be really helpful thank you
Ok! Thank you so much for your help no thank you that would be all
That's perfect thank you so much for your help!
It’s ok. Thank you for all your help Jacqueline.
That may be a good idea.  That would help, thank you
OK thank you I'll just read everything over and look to see what I might need thank you very much for your help
Great , you have been so excellent and helpful I cannot thank you enough
Yes it is.  Thank you so much again for your time and help.
fantastic. Thank you for your time. No, nothing else
Ok, thanks for the assistance, have a good day
Many thanks, your time and effort is very much appreciated. Have a good day
Thank you no I appreciate the assistance have a good day
Thanks, I'll try this, too.  Thank you for your help!
OK, Thanks for you honesty. I appreciate all the help (and Hope)!
thank you for your help, this situation is kind of hard to me, specially when I know I did not do that
Well hopefully we can feel sorry for what they're about to go through
Ok. . . sorry.  I didn't know if I missed something.  Thank you!
ok I hope that works.  thank you for your help.
thank you so much and thank you for your service in this harsh times. thank you
I appreciate your help and hopefully I find what I am looking for.
Thank you so much!!! You deserve a raise! I'll give them a call tomorrow. Thank you Ana!
GREAT THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT I WILL DO THANK YOU FOR YOUR ASSISTANCE TODAY HAVE A GREAT DAY
Ok thank you Darby, I sincerely appreciate your help
No....but I certainly will now! Thank you so much for your help.
alright, i will look for other options regarding this issue.
I would like to continue with this chat and be directed to legal services. Thank you.
there is no need for that but thanks for your help.  Have a great day.
Hello Christopher. I hope yo are well.
thank you for your help.I just dont know where to turn for help?
Okay, I did that but just want sure! Thanks for your help
I received an Answer form. I want to use the on-line app. how do I find it?
I'm ready to just show up there. Yes I would like that .thank you
I will look into it. Thank you. I appreciate that time and effort into assisting me
Ok everyos wanting to see me in person
God bless you and stay well. Thanks\
this is great! thank you !  I will look into the above and then go from there .  I really appreciate your help artur
Not that I know of at this time. Thank you so much for your help and compassion regarding my legal matter. Have a good day!
Yes im ok but need help
OK, I'll let her know.  Thanks, Dennis.
I am to and I’m glad I got you again as well 🙏
im just not sure of where to find a place. I don’t even know what the name of a place would be
No it is fine I think I might have found something thank you
I’ll try them on my computer. Thank you very much for your assistance
You’re been helpful for my concern.  I appreciate your efforts.
Thank you so much for your help. I know more than I did prior. Have a great evening!
Awesome. You have been a great help. Thank you so much!
Hi, I'm sorry to bother you with a non-legal question but I really appreciate your help.
Ok thank you— If I check that out how do I get back to you?
I'll look into it and see if I can get the help I need. Thank you.
Thank you for that.  You're awesome. Thanks for all the help. Have a good day.
Also, i do need assistance with 2 separate matters
Thanks. Your really kind and I appreciate the help.
can i not just find these forms only without going through this process?
I understand thank you but I have more time  to seek help. Thank you again I appreciate all you did for me
thank you lucas i was able to get help
okay perfect thank you so much for all of your help
I think you gave me plenty to look over! I appreciate all your help
Thank you so much.  I'll check it out as well
Okay. Thanks so much. I hope it helps
Okay, thanks for you're help though!
Hello I’m sorry I don’t need help any more
ok I will try them right now hopefully they will help
Done - thank you! Your assistance has been very valuable. Have a great day!
sure, thank you.  I don't need that, but thanks
I'll call tomorrow. I appreciate your help.
Thank you very much..thank you  i apologize i have to take care of work  here..thank you again
Good bye, Thank you once again. You really helped me.
Oh really I didn’t know thanks
oh no its fine but thanks anyway bye
Thank you very much for your help  this would be free
i would like to know how I can get legal help.
And to take care of everything g for her in the time that she can’t
okay great, thank you! can you tell me is there anything I should aware of... just in general
I’m good for now but I may use this resource again in future ... thank you again !
not right now, again many thanks. So difficult, I just want them to say their sorry.
Yes it’s helpful thanks for helping me
ok thank you very much for your help and kindness
thank u for ur help anyway
Ok thanks that should be enough if anything I'll be back later on
I just would like to know what rights I have and deal with this as civil as possible
I really appreciate your grate help with this matter.
No.  You've been such a huge help.  Thank you so very much.
Yes thank you. No further assistance needed, hopefully
Sure.  I would be very appreciative of the additional resources your able to provide.
Okay, I’ll check out that service. Thank you for your help.
Okay thank you for your help Monaliza, I do not need any further assistance. Have a nice day!
Ok thanks again Annie, you’ve been a big help
I will go over to the website you suggested. I appreciate your help a lot!
Any assistance on this issue would be greatly appreciated.
Thank you so much. It is extremely frustrating, and meanwhile  I have to continue to provide for my son
Ii hope it’s someone who can help thank you very much
Hello Good morning. I need help
Awesome! Okay great. I think that's all, then. Thank you very very much for the assistance today!
Thank you so much for directing me in the right direction I truly appreciate your help
Great I will check these out and thank you for your assistance. Have a great day!
Ty no thats all ill look those up thank you again
okay, thank you very much for your help jarrod.
Thank you greatly com I'll definitely try it
Alright, thank you so very much doesn't express my gratitude.
Not at this point, I thank you very much for your time and help!
thank you ill take a look at them thank you for your help
Yes please . Thank you for your help and time, I really value your the time you putto assist me in my question.
ok. i can definitely do that. Thank you so much for your help
You have been an absolute angel and i appreciate your helps so very much
No, thanks again. Be well and be safe and thank you for the work you do!!! It’s greatly appreciated
Ok good thankyou, have a good day
Thank you so much Ron. I appreciate your time and assistance today. Be safe and be blessed.
Ok i see, thank you for your time and help
Ok thank you.  Anything will help because I am going in there alone.
I really appreciate you sharing these resources. Thank you very much. Will try them now.
Wow that's helpful thank you so much for your assistance
I thought it might be 18 years old but thank you for your assistance.
Okay.  Thanks for your help!  It will be worth a try.
I think my last question was on other means of serving
oh hey thank u lindsey
Thank you Mike.  I definitely appreciate all of your help.  You have a wonderful and blessed day!
I wish to contest. And need to know how to proceed
Absolutely would love ur help
