I am the custodial parent, and CPS is ordering that I keep the children. The other parent is being disallowed.
i share one heating unit with her  so if inspecter comes they will see it’s working and set
The electric company is National Grid in Upstate NY (Oswego county). What other information do you need?
the ex is abusing the kids.. his family members are convicted sex offenders ..
I will and do you know in family court who pay for the expert witness?
ok, if my place of employment doesn’t get written documents say a week prior to the date what should I do?
Any information on who has custody of a child if the parents are unmarried and there isn't a court order in place?
thank you. and lastly, can I see resources assisting with contract negotiation?
He is their uncle so it would have to be some organization that offer services for kinship caretakers.
they say can’t let my baby father have Dv from shelter
Need help with finding a form for New York state to modification for two cases I have active
Is it required or recommended to use an attorney for this type of adoption, or is it but too complex of a process?
his fiance actually pays for it and is his beneficiary as well.
i wanted to know if i can file an application for certificate of good conduct
My daughter is not in his care he resides in the bronx ny
I have never made or had a child custody agreement as it was included in my divorce agreement
i would like to consolidate maintenance and all other non compliance before Hon Judge Poulos
yes, does the notary in NC still stand as an authorize notary?
or can it be waived by the judge if the other biological parent is deceased?
I'm schools Bus Driver and school is closed for the time being.
My other question is mainly about serving the objection order.
Civil matter litigation in the New York case court and I need low pay attorneys or free legal advise.
I would like to know if there is a range or a fixed amount that an attorney must get from a workers comp case?
I received a letter from New York State wide central registry
In New York if neither parent has custody, can one parent tell the other parent that they cannot leave the state with the child?
So can you tell me what forms do I need to sleep judge
Sure - also I lost the last court ordered visitation papers I was Given - is there a way i can get a copy!
Options for her parents to commit her in a hospital or institution
need to know what can I do in a divorce action if my attorney retired before the trial date?
No my son is 23 and never lowered the support and no child support collection unit in place
No no...I signed a retainer and the paralegal said they put my case in an attorneys folder?
Where would i find what i am legally entitled to document wise
i was asking in regards of the Puerto rican legal defense form education funds that is offered
Thank you.  She lets anyone view no background checks or anything and I have small children and tvs and things
I can't since I am a 3rd party assisting with locating the respondant
Allen wet conditions and seven months ago funeraL service are counted in
So, what obligation does a muni have to govern and oversee its properties for public safety.  What statues apply?
Good Afternoon. I need some information about Ammending certain legal documents
multiple complaints never been resolved, unsafe living environment, health hazard , dangerous
My question is - are they within the law to make a vaccine not within the NYS Public Health Laws 2165 or 2167, mandatory ?
But is Janet there now in this covid period when many offices are closed?
Extra in COVID times - hands were literally tied
Well , if her name was on the court papers and my dad had them - I would assume it was open .
where can I find the 16 or more rental apt.laws  regarding the building owners responsibilities in mold ,pest,rodents   in rental apts in nyc ?infgestations?
I have both n he has access to school records and medical records
Yeah I've never been any court orders in place involving myself or my child
in their system so the next woman sitting in that cell wont go through the absoul
also, all of the new motions, documents have my name on them.. is that normal?
But they don't help with federal course issues and litigation as you already know.
normally?  you get calls from adult protective services all the time?
They said that they need the 'case manager' to send them the documentation before they can proceed
that employee was negligent not disclosing prior exposure
The delivery person is just that  - delivered and set the house. No, is not the original owner of anything. He Only delivered the house.
Just in case the father of my son would not respect this kind of legal document
Do you help with out of state cases involving father’s rights?
are you familiar with the civil case Golden Eagle Leasing/Northern Leasing being sued by the Atty General Letitia James?
I want to revoke a Renunciation of Nominated Executor
and on the client notes should they be visible to her or hidden? there are two fields
then the second buyer bought the deed from the first buyer
What to do ? I am looking for a Pro- Bono organizations in NY.
and the impact on the adoptee; social services, financial aid in college etc
Are there other organizations  I can file complaints about hospital discrimination, misconduct, neglectful treatment while I consider filing a law suit?
The ex won’t allow me any contact. I wrote all that at the beginning of this thread
It’s came from the division of human services in my county
u mean not many attorney will help this case ?
I want specific information on the steps to become an emancipated minor
Hi I have a question pertaining to wills and estate
Also  are character witness letters allowed in the court as well
Is child support in ny state 50/50?
Also I want to know if the documents are fake or real
Can I also get some resources on basic laws and landlord rights in my area?
Hi Candice, can you please resend me the links with pro bono layers that work remotely ? Thanks
I would like to learn how to make an appointment with a uscis officer
Oneida county because in Broome  county they said she would need proof
I see. Is there a mandatory NYC Building gas line inspection every 4 years?
do any of these form has to have witnesses or just the two parties involved only...it is for  N.Y.
Im having problems with finding information on filing and recording  authenticated documents.
Would the department of vital records honor an international order?
She built the fence again and he did the same thing.   The Dept of Buildings shows that the fence is on her property line.
Or will it just help in being recognized as the father and having his last name?
Oh ok understood . Yes brooklyn kings
Would like to be clear at what age does child support stop?
Since he is not employed, what is the next step?  A property execution?
Yes I am looking for a lawyer that handles illgal evictions:
you can access auto buyer info from your ID passport(dr license) from your dr license 10 year transcript? [thru car title and original registration] correct?
Do you have information on individual places I can file complaints about medical misconduct? Seeking an attorney can be difficult.....
Does a parent who has joint physical custody of a child have to give his address to the other parent?
Ok so that means they can still garnish my wages or bank accounts?
it's not locked gates.  these are approved by the NY fire  dept.
I reside in Brooklyn NY, should I file in Broonlyn Or in The Bronx where the previous order was done?
Is there somewhere I could access all the laws regarding this matter ever past in the State of New York?
I am looking for information regarding evicting squatters and how its affected by Cuomo Covid orders
Ok thank you (address listed in fine print on bottom of my court papers lists Brisbane bldg, buffalo ny)
Okay.  The order for the arrearages was on default in 2014.
Hello! I am looking for advice to get help in problems with refund/store credit dishonesty as a patient in an eye doctors office.
IM GOING TO GIVE A 15 DAY TERMINATION NOTICE TODAY, IS THIS THE RIGHT PROCEDURE BEFORE PUT PAPERS IN THE CLERCKS OFFICE
Actually I refer to that as a government office to assist notice for pro se litigants
I would like to know what forms I need to be appointed as my son's guardian? He is an adult.
I tried to reach legal aid society, lines were busy.. legal serv NYC central gov hotline.. all agents busy as well
I'm looking for a negligence premises liability lawyer
Claudia Sutherland from Hudson valley legal services told me she doesn't believe she can get me on anything.
is child support in new york state 17% of gross income?
Staten Island, Richmond County. Are there any pro Bono or low cost mediators and lawyers? Times are tough but my kids safety is first priority.
Yes, she also resides in kings county, her Medicare coverage provides for 100 days and its almost time
questing 3. That letters [ ] testamentary [ ] of administration [ ] of trusteeship [ ] other (specify) ... father had a trust, do we include  that with the filing?
Are there any other places on that list beside Nassau Suffolk law services?
How do I know if the other parent was receiving welfare? If they wont tell me
House is wired so talking outloud I can no longer do
It is state and city student billing and rights with disabilities
That would be great.  I'm retired and living on Social Security
They told me that they would send a certification or some sort of document....so they can take my case
just wanted to confirm we did not get disconnected... thanks
The attorney’s name is Drajic “Daniel” Stevanovic
it has been difficult to prepare documents on my own without having law degree
Yes I have mold in tub room bathroom and electric outlet shoots sparks in bathroom water leak in ceiling near light windows messed up
he thought I added my new registration and plates already on my car
I was just working for them, not for a third party, but they call me a "subcontractor" on the contract!
Are New York employers required to pay employees getting the coronavirus test or out waiting for test results to come back?
To add im a independent contractor dont know if that matters
the other one is Asian organization located Chinatown NYC
are consumer credit transaction civil cases on hold?  is the civil court of NYC opened?
What about the names of papers motions, affidavit and all other legal forms thst I may be able to find.
OK, attorney referrals would be good to have as well.
I have sole custody and residence living in Niagara falls
last question do clients need to make an appointment to come in for services?
Aw geez. Is that how you 'help'? by giving the telephone number of the state bar?   It is a federal case.
Are there different laws for different parts of New York?
the attorney for mortgage company refiled a duplicate les pendes (sp)in 2018 ( original was in 2015 for just my husband)  and now it includes me..
I mean I served it to my wife after 20 days.
I know the percentages but is there a ratio if both parents have 50/50 joint custody and a 50/50 visitation schedule?
by the way what does mean pro bono katie ?
You have to read the kind of phrasing they use: always poorly styled but also always preposterously negative toward outsiders and underlings
And then divorce help in SC?  Are there any legal aids for veterans?  We have specific needs because we travel the world?
Once I start this process, is there anyway me and my ex can work this out ourselves or is it completely out of our hands?
Yes. What are the recording proceedures or filing proceedures in general.
Ok so if no concrete proof i can still allege to it
Our school district has closed, the churches, and now some major retailers.
I want to send PDF with 73 docs regarding elder abuse in NYC shelters spanning 3 years
A child wants to cut all legal custody of father and be adopted by step father?
I’m in upstate New York, Orange County. Will this information be useful to me
The letter of execution only says ( This execution is binding until further notice
I have a family member that fell at an assisted living facility. NOT A NURSING HOME.
Thank you they did nothing with him he have machines and pipe or in the bathroom welding and I have videos
good morning i live in public housing my daughter is a college student on a scholarship.  s
so in this case, one of us would have sole physical custody? the agreement is 3 weeks with each parent
Great... These will allow me to see cases that were heard regarding adoptions in your state?
My children were adopted via private placement by the maternal grandparents
I would like to start the process to file for child support not sure what to do
Thank you.  The court assigned CDRC mediation before court.
Need witnesses to sign Will.  Can my Town Clerks sign as witnesses
Additionally, do witnesses have to be present at time of notary or can witnesses sign and notary is only for principal and agent? Thanks!
They also never provided me with a carbon monoxide alarm I fitted one myself
I am the legal guardian with joint custady of my grandaughter.
Need to find FREE Legal Assistance in commencing a small claims civil case in Brooklyn.
I need to find out everything about ESD letters and rights as a tenent in a rent stabilized apartment.
I wasn't given a reason, they just took my I'D and key's.
Do you have another site where I can verify if this woman is an active attorney?
I need to know where I can find information about filing a petition for obtaining my mothers and fathers marriage certificate online.
I am assuming  the school nurce would rather has increased in her salary then  having unlicenced  personnal  who  can help her and  independent students.
yes. He was sent there because apparently there was no beds available in NY Federal Jail
Basically just said that the hiring was contingent on checking references and background check
she threatens to put me in a home everyday and they agree
well the twins have always been with the adoptive parents
In NYS do I need to pay child support if I have 50/50 custody and make less money?
I'm on LTD...(major back surgery)...and insurance company doctor who reviewed my doctor notes says I can do whats called sedentary work
does child support in new york state include child care services?
My mom who is 70years old with diabetes and recently had knee surgery. For over 20yrs my brother has been physically and verbally abusing her
mom really just wants to know what her rights are, I strongly encouraged her to document incidents when inappropriate moments have occured or will occur
i dont see any where, where the Defendant can list what they want in return?
My mother was his client for about 10 years (maybe more).
can u give me the other referral for the second resource;  i have the WNY Law center, but need the other
I have left them messages,  no response,  not looking for money, just a apology. Definitely need a attorney
My case is where the witness may be the daughter of the sole beneficiary.  The will was made without an attorney present.
both parents have custody thats why i believe parental alienation is admissible
The full price including the repair and the replacement of the engine is about $16200
Phone‎: ‎585-325-2520	Address‎: ‎One West Main Street, 4th Floor Roc...
I am not sure if the rental car company or the towing company should be listed as the defendant
Either way, it would require dragging the baby from state to state
Since we haven go to court or anything that means that both we are legal guardian of the baby
(For future reference, please copy and paste the contact information in addition to sending the link to chat users)
When fieling a order of filiation  on concent what parties are giving concent
The agreement states wife shall have primary parental responsibility and custody of the minor.
What paperwork do you need get court appointed lawyer in family court
Question: please let me know which papers are needed for Supreme Court in NY
One son is in foster care the other with his dad
I don’t think the Hudson Valley justice center has civil rights leaders. Can you confirm that they do?
i was reading something about 60 days, but currently he is a minor
Could you tell in family court if expert witness is needed to testify who pay?
Homeland security is dealing with case now. I do have all information
Active duty military personnel currently being investigated
I just told you Vital Records stated I need a court order
if I'm still on parole, am I eligible to be hired by a NYC employer?
One of Honda car service Deler charge me 5time for a same issue
Hi, I'd like to find documentation of the ruling for a past child support hearing?
What section of the New York State law book contain information on emancipation
I actually need information on how i can I do pro bono work.
Would like a blank sample letter of CONTINUANCE INTO THE courts in CENTRAL Islip Federal COURT.
Is this office, Cardozo Bet Tzedek Civil Litigation Clinic, for low income people?
My attorney name is Michael as well am I speaking to the same Michael?
keeps claiming 'were in pandemic, you'll have to have patience"
I need my custody certicate to claim the savings bonds in the u.s. treasury.
Find information lost papers from court stating I have joint custody
Can you help me with questions regarding probate court and specifically wills?
I would like him to only have vistations only. I am not sure if that is me having full custody.
Well to find out in general about outstanding warrants
and whether they need original death certificates or other docs
Ok and what do I do with the private agreement upon us both parents with my child’s living arrangement?
he also fabricated my hospital from queens Elmhurst hospital to NJ Inspira hospital
They are a big trucking company based out in texas
I need assistance with correcting a New York death certificate...
My question is about the new salary 2020 im from rockland county ny we get the same salary
Poughkeepsie New York, Greenhaven Correctional Facility
How to know if i m being sued or have any summons in civil court by creditors?
the sublease agreement has this language: EARLY TERMINATION. The Sublessee(s):
well I’m 17 and pregnant and live on my own , am I legally emancipated
You said you can provide information on attorneys or organizations that can represent people for free.
are their hands tied and they HAVE to send our security deposit back? if no damage is done?
I paid $500 cash in California for filling.  I'm not asking for alimony,  no child support, nothing.  I just need help with the documents
is there a law that allows grandparents to file on behlf of the parent who is out of state for custody?
I'm from Serbia. I need free legal seervices
then yesterday a certified letter came from the employer
I worked two months in the base period in NY
Doing a no fault uncontested divorce.  Question about dividing retirement funds
Do you have Medicare and Medicaid planing attorney Referal information ?
it was and is still very hard to loose a loved one for sure
I need someone who can track his orginal document submitted before death.
If the attorney has papers, is the firm obligated to represent me?
Yes please. I’ve submitted a doctors note and they do not feel those accommodations are reasonable
Grandfather picks up my kids from school, activities, home, against my consent every other day....since Order was issued
Also the names of the attorneys who represented each parent.
Southern tier legal services out of bath, new york
We bought a used car from a dealership. We've made one payment and now the motor needs to be replaced
It's an online svc. To get b. C. Replacements delivered instead of waiting in line which I can not do.
Is there no other way to locate the orginal documents from the court case:
Yes correct SIJS, Special Immigrant Juvenile Status matter
if there another form where the defendant can add their  ancillary?
I lived in long island about ten years ago. The d.m.v. told me I have tickets in Suffolk court and I need to pay them
my husband exaggerates situations and  now he's actually getting police reports in his favor
No, those organizations would be very glad that a native-born, hetero while male had been discriminated against. Any non-racist organizations you might reccommend? Thanks.
I'm not dividing any property, though. My uncle is the executer on my grandparents estate, which is where the funds are currently being held.
I have a few questions regarding the one-person consent law for recorded conversations in New York City
Bronx ,New York unite state
I would like to view information on marriage of minors
they only gave me 1 week and it hasn't been a full month since i was served here in NC!
I have joint custody of my child and i have primary residency of the child how far from the other parent can i legally move
ok so the number above is city bar justice center?
My husband and I live together with his parents in a two family house
She is telling everyone that my mother is dead but I have checked all hospitals and morgues.
she just would like to make documentations for her end of life
2 questions, one is on NYSCEF and the other one is waivers / consents.
I have plenty of documents that show my attorneys bas faith.
my dad put a couple thousand in upstate med intensive care in his lifetime for three - six - nine months
No, I would like to know where I can get information about supervision here in Brooklyn NY?
Hello Annie. I'm looking for information on Small Estates in NY and if Medicaid can potentially recover funds from the small estate.
how do i find out if i can?  i am in an income controlled rental complex in ontario county
It is a hearing date. I paid the summons, which was for an accident and was given by the NYPD
because the employer didnt show up and i was sent to inquest
i am trying to apply for dual citizenship and a certified copy of my parents marriage license is required.
an application for Support Unit Enforcement to set up a Case number with the State
Should we somehow include or attach a letter from an Attorney affirming a work history and documentation of his Injury?
My name is tanya davis my bod is 11-19-1979 and i was infromof judge Jennings
I am not in low-income housing, so the first link does not pertain to me.
Is it legal for one spouse to put "spyware" on the other's cell phone?
right i understand. So i can create my own notice to termination document right?
I recently had my car towed away by landlord telling tow company it was a anandoned car
does the extention of the Governors mandaite mean that all evctions are put off till the begining og the year ?
He has food stamps, and Medicad, he does Synthetic Heroine, the gir
i am told i may get 4 weeks of severance.
Good afternoon, I have outstanding Monroe County Child Support Rears I would like to start paying on to get my drivers licence back.
Im looking for all NYS Civil Statutes/Codes referring to child custody determination for married couples and I live in Westchester County
My question  is  what was the pay out o. The civil judgement for the Jenna's law.  No early release  act case. Against nydocs.
I have custody of my son, and his father ( the non custodial) is planning to move out to California in September
So can a green card holder marry someone?
could the list of lawyer stay in this page even if our conversation is over?
Good afternoon, I sent in child emancipation papers end of July/August. I haven't had a response. What should I do
being that she has lived with me all of her life does that make me her sole custodian parent ?
are courts to specifically provide options of supervising agencies, or can i seek my own?
I writ can only go so far... but if the respondent actively flees and go against the court??
class action lawsuit against Nissan defective transmissions
Do you have any other recommendations? Perhaps even a pro bono lawyer or someone specializing in wills and estates?
A foster parent in my one of my family members
We have also filed numerous complaints to our local police department as well.
with my 1982 employer and bribed Elmhurst hospital medical records employees my real hospital to tell me my medical records burned in a fire
I have trees going over into neighbors property. He wants me to tr them. Am I responsible?
Good Afternoon I need a country condition expert witness
That means i cant see my kids for two months
Ok I would like to open trucks business
Would his father need to put something in writing for me to enroll him in school
I searched under "workers rights: getting fired, laid off or quitting"
Hi there just checking to see if the law firm Kings and Spalding LLP. Is part of your legal network?
ok,  i will try that.  but aren't there public records of lawsuits?  where would i find those?
I’m wondering what qualifies as low income for Obtaining a pro bono or court appointed lawyer for a custody case in Suffolk county?
My child is 2 , he is not in school yet. There is  no official documents.
We also have children, but only one is a minor and lives with me.
It’s only one parent surrendering their rights
Do you have info on attorneys for low income families?
An attorney that handles housing rights/issues/evictions for disabled adults.
My attorney and I have informed the judge we will have her served very soon bc we found her or are close to.
One dr had already been charged by the state and the other, that investigation is still ongoing.
The Count Clerk registers many different types of forms -- not only court documents
a couple died en route to intensive care
Ontario but its pipping up as neglect harming me from working with others
How long does inmate sit in jail While waiting to be invited what’s the max time for an unmate??
imhave no money now!  I closed a anaccount to give  my husband the money to help with purchasing his business with fire extinguishers!
I also faxed them the unemployment insurance request for reconsideration and have not heard back not one word that they even received it
Dont need info about business trust. I need info about how to file a document, any document. Should be the same proceedure no mater what.
I would like to work on a Notice of Termination form for a roomate
Wayne,  I already contacted the finger lakes law service. They sent me to you
The Senior is the homeowner. This is not a rental property. The Senior is not a veteran of any branches of the armed forces.
Another question what of i did t get my decision back and they are still tying to move me
im looking for a lawyer to help with paperworks for deportation
yes, by the shut down construction work in NY
can i still talk to "New York State Bar Association - Free Legal Answers"?
yes, they are currently working on it but the project is a complete replacement. It will be out of service for some time
The paper says kindly provided the missing stipulation of settlement that is referenced in both the plaintiffs and defendant's sworn affidavitts
I think that's it unless there are any similar organizations
Thank you so much for your time , help and condolences
Does that mean that there isn't a way to access documents online?
Wonderful. Are there Attorneys who help with low income seniors?
I need to know steps to file a petition to examine the contents of a safety deposit box of a deceased significant other
ok looks lime seniors do not have great legal representation if ever needed
but as a requirement, my mother needs to return the marriage ring and necklace, and car
can you tell me if i can repport her if yes will it be civi8l spourt or housing court? i have all sorts of proofs
Hi, do you guys have info on free legal services for wills and trusts attorneys?
In NY state do both parents have to agree who picks their children up for school if they have joint custody
Any link to lawyers doing pro bono work?
he is an essential worker in a psychatric hospital AND a volunteer fireman and his wife works outside home.
basically i dont have a middle name but during immigration process my first name was split into first and middle name
Good afternoon , I am in need for a Attroney for joint  child custody in Queens family court
Yes how I get a norotized health care proxy form for my disable husband?
if the wrong person is served with divorce papers and the response time has passed is that legal
The command has an investigation going on with the assistance of Naval Criminal Investigation Services (NCIS)
I have a joint custody order within family court and the other party is not following the order.
Hello, I would information on legal age  consent to marry and stipulations associated.
Hello,  I have an attorney , my name is Catherine Carrion, I just need her name and number
Will that site help the mother who is willingly surrendering her child to the father?
Cómo puedo conseguí sección 8 de emergencias estoy enferma y mi niño es un niño especial el tiene autismos desordenado
Is it true that the first child gets more in NYC
Would this information  be at good standards  if you are not married
I’d like to know if I can file an order of filiation before a child is born? In ChemungFamilyCourt ?
If a facebook message was printed, would the respondent not have a right to question the outside party?
he is a parolee Someone who knows a lot about parole violators
and another couple firms that say they only take wrongful termination  lawsuits
I need information on Therapeutic Supervised Visits providers in New York and Princeton, New Jersey. thank you
Good afternoon, I would like information on how to have my husband served if I don't know his address
He thinks it should be stopped because original order was from Pennsylvania
i have proof that it was done by a licensed plumber. i will be away and cant attend
Lawyer in NY wants $4000 retainer fee & $400/hr.  Don't have.
the United States, New York, Bronx
Do you have any DIY Spousal Support Forms I can print up?
If I don't have legal custody wouldn't that mean I'm not responsible for him as a guardian legally therefore not responsible in that way?
I hope all is well. I had a contractor who took a deposit from me and never came to start the work.
It is a litigation Trust matter in Rensselaer County, NY.
Hello, I am a Foster Parent for Livingston county, and have a question about how to become a party on our foster daughters case.
arent there steps an agency has to take before someone is fired?
For photo id. We need the other documents even for a non driver I.D.
Is NYLAG available, in the event that I need assistance with any of these documents?
Hi Anna, I was just disconnected I was previously speaking with you
The accident included farm machinery on a 4 lane highway
I am filing for custody of my children. Where do I drop off the papers? To the court house or to the respondent ?
Is the link regarding security deposit the same for Broome County?
That detail and context is very helpful given the harassing behavior of the respondent. Thank you.
most offices are closed by covid, do you know if any of these are open?
Her counseling sessions are conducted by video from home so she does not feel comfortable telling the counselor how she feels.
Looking for the name of a lawyer in Riverhead area to help protect existing sad benefits.
the court date is July 30, 2020 the childrens lawguardian said put in a petition
The order was recommended by CPS and Seneca cnty sherrifs, and will be against my wife
Hello! What are the legal repercussions of leaving a state mandated order of quarantine?
I need an official copy of my deceased grandfather's birth certificate. Dept of vital records in Suffolk County said I need a court order first.
Plus I'm not telling the lady's name. I just want them to tow it from where its at
I was told pro bono by lawyers, this 2nd site is student run organization.....
my previuos employer were sued and as their ceo i am dragged in to this, i am looking to file a counter suit
It’s a summons for debt collection in New York County Supreme Court
In other words the court isnt notified that she is either married joined Military or working fulltime
Can I use a recording of my conversation with the client or record my clients without there knowledge while I worked ?
Would I still be responsible for the arrears if the order is terminated?
1/24/2020 P.S 4 Duke Ellington (06M004) parent & student harassed and retaliated by school administration and NYPD school safety & 33rd precinct officers.
what it means Pro bono legal aid?
Thank you  . In terms of beneficiary laws here in NY state, do we need spouse or husband written consent to replace beneficiary on the account
I found an attorney when I had bed bugs that guided me.
Yes we just moved here August of this year from Texas, My husband is military Coast Guard
I want to file paperwork to just have his visitation modified to family connections
Do you have a list of lower cost or free attorneys in my area or will lift help with that?
Yes...then went back to court in december the judge said the same order..i didnt recieved the court papers yet
i told him to no longer pick up the kids from school
yes he is in St. Albans VA nursing home
she does not have full custody of my son. he spends one week with me and one week with her. i supply whatever he needs
Thank you so much. Is it for medical malpractice? Pro se litigants
I received a letter from the new York state department of labor
What would someone do if their lawyer dissapears (with their file) and does not leave any contact information?
Can I start the process online or do I have to goo the court house
Me and a school nurse is covered by the same union contract.
The syracuse clinic is the one at syracuse university?
no. I am a resident of middlesex county, ma but received 2 tickets in Kings county
Pertaining to hp action cases, does the plaintiff receive anything by mail from the court?
Can I appoint attorney in New York as i am in India and doing legal practice at Punjab and Haryana High Court?
to mention that is two different cases, it look like they previus agencyput something in my record
after the fire my father had nowhere to go and setup a camper in the back yard
That would be fine. It was more so that I could give the person the information because I was told he was being pressured.
I AM A US CITIZEN..MY N565 WAS STOLEN..I NEED THE FEE WAIVER TO APPLY FOR A NEW ONE...
yes, I like to know if window guards are required for fire escape and AC units?
That's the problem... it's a foreign defendant in Germany
Is there a resource that outlines current  private criminal defense attorneys in my area?
It can be written transcript ....... It was a case for discharge from a hospital.....
And if I'm asking for a fee waiver do I do that before or after I mail my papers in?
Didn’t even take down the witness’s information or anything.
I would just like to file joint custody papers to make out situation legal so theres no issues with taxes and things of that nature
It was a group text with a supervisor and 3 other employees
He and his.family have threatens me they were going.to take my kids and.would tell they have the.money and.power to.do so
Yes, I was born in Brooklyn.  The adoption was through the Angel Guardian Home.
Yes they had told me they are just taking cases that involves housing issues. They told me that they are not taking criminal cases.
Broken tail pipe and broken headlights queens county and suffolk
i will file my unemployment and when this is over and he tells me i cant go back ...what do i do?
I need a lawer who is probonal though or one who only takes money if we win
I want to know the legal validity of a signature certification made by a trusted third party. Is it legal?
Hi, I need help with filing a Certificate of Voluntary Administration from another state.
This child's father has been in prison 10/11 years of his life and only calls him when he is up for parole....
However, the other parent and counsel are non-responsive about finalizing the parent co-oridnator
I need to know whether or not medical excused absences count against my child as well.
This is federal court that mean this court has jurisdiction to all states in USA and what about jurisdiction to other countries.
I am looking for a list of criminal Attorneys in Nassau County
if is any legal rules or could be a deal between landord and superintendent?
Yes that's fine. I am looking for someone that can look over law documents that I have already creating for their input
either my husband or my daughter would have to drive me neither would be good,!
What time lawyer is wrongful involuntary commitment mental illness do not have
I was searched illegally in shelter in hallway cameras rolling
I've been the primary caregiver since born.
foster parents but I want custody back. What are my legal rights
Yes how long before u can't sue a nursing home in years.
how does a current inmate at Hale Creak get in contact with PLSNY
I reach out to Nassau/Suffolk law services committee volunteer lawyers project. Called this morning no call back all day
I have reviewed these two websites prior to our communications. Unfortunately it does not indicate help with  Trusts
I have joint custody with my sons mother through Bronx Family Court.
Thanks, now do you know if Latino Justice PRLDEF ever represents people before the EEOC commission?
all I need is documentation sent to the jail so my husband can be released I don’t know who to contact
I was a store to buy and a tow truck company that towed my car!!!  I need to find a lawyer.
does she need to make copies for the judge and the other party of the relevant sections
The other question has to do with filing of waivers or consents for Letters of Administration.  Are you familiar with that?
i dont have money for all the graduations fees, prom, and collge applications
Yes, attorneys who have represented me say it involves education rights and employment rights violations. Correct.
I work for a security company...mainly inputting payroll and doing  scheduling. With previous bosses, I was able to work from home as needed.
Hi Hunter, I am looking for information about injury legal advice or information about injury lawyers in New York City. Thank you for your help.
its a participating doctor at a hospital, not employed by the hospital
Who can I speak to regarding Co-op boards or condo associations not complying with bylaws?
I heard there are some free attorney services in near water street in Manhattan?
Where do I find information about courses of action when a legally appointed guardian of an elderly person is unable to fulfill the responsibilities?
her mind is set by the Dea os x the FBI.  their mind set they grabbed them in the bronx
Yes and legal aid in Saratoga says they donor handle theses types of cases
Hello, Tziona. May you please assist me with information on how to file a complaint about misconduct from a hospital and there medical staff.
Would they take just the court case number, if submitted for record retrieval ? or does it have to be the docket?
My ex is planning to take our child out of Kenya. How can I stop this? It may be 2 days from today
The hospital case worker said that the nursing home is legally obligated to subimt the papwerwork to the medical supply company
The non custodial parent and I now live together and split all the bills
I need more information on same sex adoption/2nd parent adoption, for unmarried couples
I was given a 14 day notice that services were being decreased. Not enough time to gather paperwork and letters from physicians.  Thank you.
You referred me to the Syracuse University law help and they can’t take any new cases
Ok, thank you. and what about asylum non profit organizations?
In New York, do they recognize the partner or a blood relative as beneficiaries?
are rental buildings required to provide a certificate of occupancy?
Look up " The Law of Voids" you might find a different answer
its Vinson vs. Dakota Medical Transportation.
I am looking to find the list of transcriptionists on the website
I would like to know if its legal to transfer a person from one shelter to another shelter reason that are not true?
what kind of laywer should i contact for IRS audits?
I will check that link but also need help preparing papers. PLEASE REFER ME TO A LEGAL AID.
Can you tell me if all adult  occupants are liable if landlord takes to court or only person designated at head of household?
my monster & baby daddy is a pedophile  & a triple threat
seeking information on who to contact regarding a vehicle malfunction that lead to an accident
They installed cameras recently , penetrations and everything..
The other party resides in Yonkers I reside in Maryland
I had heard that those being sponsored cannot be eligible for Medicaid/sponsors are financially responsible.
I just need help in getting my vehicle back to take to another shop to verify they didn't do the work they claim they did
Thank you. I'll review these. Are there any organizations, such as the Legal Aid Society, that might help with state pension eligibility disputes?
my cousin's mother doesn't have a good relationship with her and wont cooperate and provide information and documents for federal student aid
she still is clean, attends school and doctor appointment regularly
What about the pro-bono screening process? Do these community agencies help with this? Or is that something that is done by other organizations?
If she doesn't have respondent address but only his mother's address, what is best for petition?
I am making reference to the original agreement and referencing it on the new agreement
No, I had entrusted the parent would commit to the duties entailed in the decree
Ok thanks.  Yes I know that but what about indirectly, for example can a witness be related to a beneficiary?
Do you know of any attorneys I could refer my client to?
none mention next of kin in particular though
Is there any such thing as a pro bono adoption attorney?
Would it be difficult to legally have children and move out of state.
Richmond, staten island.  can I file online
like a court documentation letters of testamentory and letters of adminstrative for suurigate that's why i need an important
My loan officer ed Maloney out of cape cod ma.
what about foster parents attorney’s pro bono?
Seeking either Pro Bono Attorney(s), or retention on Contingency basis.
Illegal lockout situation and to see if I am eligible for a free attorney
thanks, I put in a form for legal aid in Binghamton...
THEY BRIBED NY DMV AND NJ MOTOR VEHICLE
My cases would be against the counties involved , their DSS , their Sheriff's departments , and their assigned counsel programs.
Is this good for the city of Yonkers or just the five boroughs?
He’s currently in school virtually so he would not miss out on any school
Two NYPD shelter cops put their hands on me with cameras working
Do you have a list of legal firms that offer services in NY (Queens) to set up living trusts?
the first one is the one that said  conflict of interest
I know that in Catt county, attorneys are doing Skype for arriagnments
please refer a Medicare and Medicaid planning attorney
So I can have  Objections served on the other party by regular mail WITHOUT judge's approval?
I want to know if a signature certification made by a trusted third party is the same as one made by a notary public
Because it states the courts determines the income of the two parents together...
I am having a plumbing issue our landlord  had Me hire a plumber because he said we were responsible.
Is there any option open for a parent who is a greencard  holder and want her child to bring back to u.s.a ?
i fled Maryland with my 2 kids.  I have an order protection against my ckids father that expires on Tuesday.  Can I renew it?
Sure - as long as we don't get disconnected
He's been in prison for felony kidnapping with body harm send multiple DUIs and continues to drink and drive every night
thank you, he grew up in Elmira and knows everybody so I'll use one of the other two
yes that's great.  im not a typist so I have my mother assisting me.
For custodial access when I am home on leave and liberty. Also, to ensure children stay in their school and maintain good attendance
also what happens if the respondent doesnt show on court date ?
I have some questions regarding income trusts. Is there free advice available to seniors in central NY?
and they bribed my real hospital which was Queens Elmhurst hospital to tell me my medical records burned in a fire
maybe, a better question is when somone is "sued" is taken legal action against is there a typical process which happens? is he served papers?
she said that she’s going to put a lien on me because I lived out my security
I need a form to subpoena witnesses not records
Does any of this deal with consumer rights or lawsuits of food?
