I’m 17 and pregnant I was a runaway from Florida but I told my mom where I was
they throw a dead cat in the yard. pee on the roof
I am going to cry I just don't understand why the poor get smacked down even more when they are down
can the judge issue something to freeze her passport? or order her not to leave nyc?
i trying to rent apartment in New Jersey
Do u know if  they put me and mom in a shelter when we get there
Ok but are they free he has no extra money just got a nice apartment for him and the boys?
My landlord said he would need to paint the whole room now and take away my deposit
and i will be homeless if i cant get this papper im trying to move into a new house
neighbor builds a cross property lines then noxious fumes start entering making my pre existing ailments worse
My landlord had an exterminator take photos of my house to see if it is messy, is that illegal?
I need help feeding my family and con Edison is going to be shut off
Currently, my fellow peer lives in Section 8 housing, but has an individual staying with him that is threatening him with squatter rights.
My landlord is saying I’m responsible for All repairs at the place I rent including the hot water tank
I have had mold in my apartment for months and my management company is doing nothing to fix it
i didn't do anything to damage the shower board
plus sometimes the heat stops working
We have had water flowing through kitchen light, when they broke a pipe at 9 at night
So they can't come to my door the 14th day and throw me  out
The manager said "eat off paper" when I explained that I could no longer stand at the sink.
giving me until 5pm tomorrow to be gone or will change the locks
my mother lives in an apartment in the bronx and her heat isn't working properly.  Her landlord is refusing to fix it.
I don’t know what to think or do. She left her shelter and didn’t sign in or out
No hot water . Floors are uneven causing the front door not to open
I not rent out full basement, I only share her 1 out of 4 bedroom in the basement
Not at all. The neighbor had a small reoccurring leak down stairs that was not leaking at the time...
Good afternoon Ashlynn, I had a quick question pertaining to renter's rights
there was a fire in my building about 2 weeks ago. no fire damage to my building, but a lot of water damage.
I have custody of my daughter now because her mother is a drug addict and was living in a hotel and no food
Can a landlord tell you you cannot have a toolbox inside a mobile home
My sons mother is violating the visitation order.
my landlord won't fix the AC in my apt and its really hot
he keeps banging pot and panda every time I open a window
everyone I’ve talk to to babysit they decline being afraid of me or my daughter bring in their household the virus
In addition, parts of the ceiling shattered down into the living /dinning room area on me.
My boyfriend was arrested last night, he’s already on probation, can he get bail?
So I’ve been over 6 weeks  with no running hot water or a stove to cook on
If I can get him out of the house it will make me feel better
Could an apartment receive a violation for replacing the stove or sink?
last Saturday the water got cut off while I was washing dishes
Can i get an order of protection  out on her in case she comes to new york and tries to make up lie about me
I just want to get back into the house , raise the children, I have separate quarters in the house and entrance
Between Oct 5, and Nov 8, were there any guidelines or extensions of executive orders barring removal of tenants from their homes in NYS?
I sub lease a illegal basement to a bad person
Im afraid I may come hime and be locked out
the only warm room is my room and its still cold though i wake up freezing everyday
Since then there's been issues of backed up sewage pipe flooding into my apartment
Either my landlord or another tenant put a lock on our shared basement which is the only way to access my fusebox for my electric.
I have no plumbing that works in my brand new house
Its a non smoking building and the landlord isnt doing anything about the other residents smoking and the smoke travelling to our unit
this is the 4 time the last time the bathroom ceiling fell of
He told my 15 year old son that his Mom warmed the tgermometer up on the stove to get temp from his 98.8 to 103
My neighbor installed low e windows and by doing so  the reflection is now on my home causing my vinyl siding to melt
If you have covid symptoms and u get tested and its neg can your employee fire you
All my food is spoiling and his exact words were if we had rent we can repair ASAP
It has human feces on the couch and the place is disgusting
He keeps banging pots and pans every time I open the window
I got my oil changed at Monroe Muffler last Thursday and about fifteen minutes after I left, my car burst into flames
I need help with lost green card please
my situation is that my upstairs neighbors are using a thermal camera to scann everything i write
What does a hauser need because I have a child and I need only one room.
the water was turned back on that night but what are our rights here ? we have a 2 year old in the apartment
he just bangs pots and pans every time i open the windows
and he told me there was a leak in my apartment because he saw water coming from the roof
no, we used to live in harlem manhatten, i left the house and i live in bronx, she still there in manhatten
I have to live the house and go to my mothers house because I am afraid she set something els up
Hi, I’ve been apartment hunting amidst this chaos
My baby mother basically violated the papers now idk how to go about this i
Hi I’m okay with privacy policy I lost connection
to get my place plus I’m working now
my land lord is threatening to move a trailer into my back yard to live in, is this legal
I’m still in the trailer without power
im looking to file for residential custody , how do I do so with the family court building being shut down dues to the virus
As a result of water damage my house smells like sewage
Rochester is about 3 hrs away I believe. My family does not own a car
i am the tenant, and my stroller doesnt fit through the door of my building
But two days ago it is getting really cold at night. I was freezing awake. See the inside is 52……I was like what.s going on…
Hello,  my name is fanny Erazo, we do nat have heat, hot water or gas and the landlord doesn't want to fox It
There are holes in the porch, screens out, hole in ceiling that finally got rough patched, and poor heat.
I rented out an illegal basement,  I'm not the landlord.  I'm out of work
My oven does not work.. and landlord won’t fix it
sale of buisness/ put water shut offs in myself . can legally shut the sewer.
am on time on my rent and they just telling me the person who live on top don't let they fix
Good afternoon, I'm asking for help regarding a NYCHA housing issue for my cousin, who is working.
He’s also threatening to take everything in the apartment including ripping up the floor he did
Ty.  What about the harassment or the fact that we have had to find tenporary housing elsewhere because of how bad the infestation is?
someone who is bilingual in english and spanish. I have a client who needs help with replacing a resident card
Yes it is. For starters I am a member of the Hebrew /Jewish Community. HPD came in and did a series of bad home repairs.
He’s not making any repairs I have no hot water broken windows
they want to take my license and passport away
the stove is over 15 year old and the hood which is replaced
thank you. It's hard because its based on my daughter and the actions of his girlfriend
Till now i went back to court cause they shutting off also the heat
I'm not sure this is even a legal apartment
I am not sure how the moratorium affects our situation,  since all the other  tenants have  moved out
my daughter is living with my wife and I don’t know where they are. My wife is hiding my daughter from me
I have foul smelling water, and the landlord refuses to do anything. The smell of the water is like rotten chesse
its just the fact that ihave no one over there,and he had tried to force his mother to kick me out of the house
I'm trying to think of a solid question... Oh! One is, can spouse take the house keys from me being that I moved out?
and the Lanlord cash the check with out giving me the apartment what can I do
she came home and all of her belongings were in the yard and front door was boarded up
i forget my phone in the lift that took me form my house to bank in boston
he just buys toys and maybe some clothes that stay at his house for when she goes and spends her weekend
on the document he states that i have not allowed him to see child since hes been back but left out the jail part
Broken floors and leaking water in bathroom and faucets a re broken
saking for phone number for the housing court help center which is in room 104 before courts were closed
Yes the mailbox the management changed the lock. Also if I get locked out illegally
I've been going to shelter to shelter in Kearney looking for apartments
also that house was to be under quarantine and her son was working Tim Hortons during the quarantine
That me and my partner can’t enter the shelter together
I've had a leaky sink for months and now it smells moldy in my apt
Landlord is painting unit next to me and refuese to leave windows open after painter leaves
Can the code enforcement get in the basement although the landlord has locked the door and boarded up the other door?
I have arrears been going to court for four years for the repairs they get they're rent never repair
Okay also do I need to call 311 to report the heat lose?
People around me at jobs , my neighbors, my family
the occupancy with the DOB says the building is 5 units but we have 7
Thank You!  Sice my father took that apartment back I have been living here illegally in a one bedroom hud apartment
The father of the baby is staying he will file custody papers. We are fighting and he kicked me out of the house
They left a hole in the ceiling that got bigger in time due to Acts of nature.And there neglegence.
I work for a residential solar company. We are non essential and my job will fire me if I dont come in.
Yes. How do I make a report against my landlord in Saratoga county? My bathroom has been continuously flooding and he has not fixed it
He had banned my boyfriend from entering my apartment as well as disabled the electronic key fobs for the tenants of the building
Most all,own their trailers,but 1 trailer ia rented and has landlord actual rules.
The lady from the a.c.s office also says that i have everything in place
I need to know what kind of attorney i need for a problem with moisture and mold in my apartment
he has shut my propane off to my house I have no heat hot water and I can’t cook
I bought a condo unit. It has an elevator noise. Sponsor does not want to insulate the ceiling. What can i do
Hi good evening, how can I get a copy of a visitation dismissal order that had taken place in 2017?
How many days do I have to wait before I can take action as like throw away his belongings
they said you can not shutt the sewer off.you could still dump some thing down the drain.
Then when I called the police to get in the apartment all my things were missing.
I would like the contact number for an attorney office that can help me evict a squatter
I was waiting for the resources and we got disconnected my mom called
lanlord keep teling me its a shelter that he can keek me out
Hello.  We need help with an oral contract for both business and home rental.  Were being illegally evicted, harassed, and renigged on rent to own.
He lied and said he locked keys in house
It has escalated to the point where she threw hot water at my brother yesterday and shattered the cup on the floor.
I happened to stop by last night to his house and he gave me the envelope
Once i asked for receipts of the parts they started getting nasty and rude and threatened to take parts off my car
She is in a situation where she feels unsafe at her housing residence.
I have a complicated rental problem, involving living with people who have become squatters
every time i open my window he bang pots and pans
I’m in a shelter and was housed with someone who broke my nose
i can sent the letter to the landlord tenant clerk's office right?
Kitchen cabinet has a hole in it the sink area in the kitchen needs to be re-done
He is 20 years old and this is his second apartment, his last apartment was the same size and his bill was 4X less
And everything being close still it's going to take me sum time to clean her house out I wanted to know her rights
That would be great because she shouldn't have to worry that her Dad is going to sneak her over the house. Its sad
I could probably even get my cat with my dads persuasiveness
I need to know if there are any laws about showing a house when someone is living there. Due to the virus
if I live with someone but help them pay rent what proof do I need
I have no other home now to go to and I haven’t figured out a solution
what can I do! His hands is busted up , the neighbors saw him run up and down the street and jump over the van
We are also aware of drinking and drugs in the house
he was upset about the rent, but now he’s saying the niece thing
Hi a own a commercial property in the Bronx, the tenant is four months behind
Also asbestos in the attic but on the landlord side I think /:
I don’t know , the paper gives the one of the my roommates
its been going on so long, now its starting to smell bad
About my visa and the recent changes in the immigration law
my landlord hasn't fixed a leaky sink in months and now it smells like mold in my apt
On the 29th of July I sent a message to my Landlord to warn that the oil tank was only 1/4.
Yes and proof that I’m done with it so I can purchase anew home .
They moved into fully furnished rooms (all the furniture is mine) and all the bills are in my name
I have picture of the place and these people living there a hurting.  Plus certain night I couldn't even get out myself.
Yes . My mom is the one helping me manage the apartment. .i living upstate .
by the way the change order was supposed to be heard a day before everything was shut down
Is it ok to temporarily stay in a camper on my  land due to a condemned house
He’s in prison he had nothing I rent and have no property
my dad is stressed because he keeps thinking theyre going to change the locks while i am at work or something
I'm not the landlord,  it's an illegal basement , I'm out of work , and this is why I did something stupid
for negligence not keeping an eye on the vacant property
Ok he has been taking drugs and has broken things in the house I need him out asap
I am so worried that she broke my boiler room, burn my basement and hurt my family
I had a rental car that was towed, so the rental car company had to pick up the vehicle
The home was sold two years ago
i don’t think so thanks for your help. What a nightmare
My house was recently condemned may I live in an RV camper until it's fixed
We are stuck inside due to the quarantine/shelter in place thing.
Can a landlord legally shut off my hot water if I am behind in my rent?
Since everything is closed due to the virus
Hi Goodmorning my car was towed and now neither the police nor the tow company knows where my car is
Unfortunately we didn't take photos to prove how dirty it is when we moved in,  neither did we take picture when we leave..
the weirdest thing is that my brother doesnt come out on any of the inmate locator. Not even on there federal page
and mold in this area and throughout apartment for months
I've had a leaky sink for months, and now it smells like mold
My daughter just received a 72 hour shut off notice for power. Her heat is electric. Can nyseg shut it off in this weather
the bf says he’s gonna get an order of protection on me so I can be removed from the household
he had started with removing the door that closes off our apartment from where his is downstairs
I took this apartment because I was told it would be renovated it wasn’t and I needed an apartment near my sons college
I have experienced a lot of issues since living here... like mold issues, no heat
well my landlord lives on the premises and is very drunk by late afternoon everyday
the building went through renovations and the original door was replaced by the current one
And  i have holes on my wall they broke my tv 68 inc
yes currently still living in the apartment
Repair issues, possible black mold present in the bathroom, and yesterday we had high levels of carbon monoxide in our house.
as the elevator is out, it feels as though they have removed my option to move
O called codes they never call back the sewers on lawn lroplem has lighteden up.
I would like to find out with whom I can inquire about the following:  I rent an apartment in a privately-owned building in East Harlem.
I suppose to be in court on November 24,are they letting people in the. Building
Can the locks be changed on a private home if a lodger has been giving 5 months to vacate
The rental office started court proceedings
Recently (1 month ago) moved into an apartment that has a very active rat infestation in the walls
Thank you so much.  He even cleaned the apt to better than it was before he moved in.
I still have no mailbox key he tried padlocking the entire box its so bad
I don’t want to travel and then be told I can’t enter or that room is closed
He set up shop and my mom has no way to get him out
I’m in the shelter and the case managers and security comes in my unit steals and breaks my things
but the mattress and closet and some personal belongings are still in the apt
No I am locked in my room, that's all they did was change my room
What can I do about her not destroying my belongings at the house? I need access with out her there
the people who shot me screw them there lives are fucked now anyways
I wanna restriction order I wanna change the keys ,,,she empty the room and somevstuff for the house
he won't fix the moldy sink I have, and every time I open the windows he bangs pots and pans
two bedroom the appliances have been changed the stove and sink .The building inspector told the super that but never issued anything
At this point I'm not even factoring in the neighbor. He's a lost cause.
He bought the building from the family who'd owned it for 60 years
I Slipped and fell on black ice when I was on the Lincoln apartment s on one Lincoln square in Albany NY
Non payment of rent, court date is right now at 9:30am in Bronx housing court house, but I'm in the emergency room
today I called her because My heat is stuck in the 50s
I need to show up on the 20th. It is from an old rommate that I rented my room while I was traveling
I have two civil court cases - one with a neighbor, the other with the rental manager of my apartment building.
Since we moved we have had no hot water . Before we moved in we told him what needed to be fixed her never did .
He comes in the house whenever he wants .doesnt knock . Just unlocks the door . He even hung up his family portraits.
We have  their number . He is concerned that they might try to throw his mother's belongings into the street
they purposely mislead us to believe that this house was up to par like updated and NOTHING in this place has been updated
Do you think the landlord has right to ask me to pay for clean up of entire apartment
he also won't fix the leaky sink and now its moldy
he and my mom co-owned the house they live in (both names on the deed)
the pandemic hit and everything went out the window
I'm done with the crap need to do something about it
No just need to get him out so that he gets proper housing
Causing 2 ruined beds, ruined TV, a couch and many clothes
They have went in my basement and turned the breaker back on and we're discussing ways to keep me out of the breaker example.
i just hope i have not been robbed,i know they were floods cause they call,but they know and dont help me move
I’m in a one Bedroom with a disable child and 4 other kids and mu building is refusing to move me
i'm a grad student who hasn't worked in some years and couldn't find work after the semester ended
my lease clearly states that my rent includes heat and hot water
Hi. I have a tenant in nyc. Since April, he hasn't paid rent. Are you able to answer questions related to this before I continue?
Please know that I am unemployed, ATM, and my husband wants to evict me.from our home that we both purchased.
Because my only opción it’s sell my apt so u can but cheaper house in different place
my landlord won't fix the heat and it is freezing in my apt
My old clinic had called the Emt and police on me because of a supervisor that made me snapped and was very disrespectful towards me.
Thank you..the end of the month my son moves back home and she is moving into the apartment upstairs with another male
Can a video be used in court even tho theres no evidence of me smokeing weed just what appears to be weed on a paper
i have mold in my apartment and falling ceiling and the management is doing nothing about it
Husband opened his truck door to get out and he came rushing up and was very loud with him
I have apparently been for closed on and my home was sold without my knowledge.
currently ok - but can’t leave bc need my locks changed
