okay and how will I make sure it goes to the correct court once Iam done filling it out?
Okay thank you, so I fill this out and send it in or do I go down to the court house
I filled out forms but now it says error and I cannot print them out
that great news after a fill this form I have two bring it in person to the bronx court ?
Is there a form that can be filled out in order to change the holiday schedule?
what documents should I fill because they only sent me documents to reveal my financial status
just need to know which one I need to fill out
I filled it out made an account. saved it printed it now what
I’ve filled out a GF-40 Form , where should it be mailed or emailed to ?
can you send me the form so I could filled it out right away and submitted it?
the courts were I reside are taking cases. But the court that I filled is still closed .
Yes....Hey good afternoon.  How do I fill for visitions through nys court. Do I need to actually go to the court house to do it?
My car was repo and the creditor has sent me to court and the court want to filled money judgment against me
Need affordiable attorney to help fill out probate form
I want to make sure I fill this out right so I don’t have to do this again
or one affidavit should be filled out per location address
I filled out some forms for new york courts.gov, I don't know if it's okay
Wescherter court  i need fill and sent
Ok and last question when I do fill it out do i send it by mail to the courts since I reside in Florida?
I need to do a name change but the court is close. How do I go about filling
for the forms, do they have to be printed and filled out or i can do it directly online?
Yes that I understand.  I just meant making sure I'm properly understanding the form and filling it out correctly
i understand that and it makes sense i need a moditfication any forms i need to fill out and submitt
It still won't download to the computer to be able to fill it out
Can I fill out the form and leave her signature blank and have it notarize  and take it to court like that ?
I have an income and expense statement ( Financial affidavit ) filled out that the Family Court sent me via PDF file .
Need to fill out an application because I have severe anxiety. I don't know
Another question - if I need to stop and continue filling in the forms through your site, do I just click on "save and exit"
Thanks! I already have that info. I thought someone would help me fill out. No problem.
is there a sample online how to fill this form up correctly?
Ok, I can fill in any holes I may have missed. It’s a lot I know.
i don’t know the procedure, it’s my first time to filling it I need some more information
but I already filled one out and saved it and registered but now I don't know how to look for it
I don't know which parts I need to fill out.
What type of form would I need to fill out? Thank you for your time
My ex husband in 12 weeks behind on maintenance payments. What form do I fill out to send to the court?
I am trying to fill out the form online but can’t find where
I am trying to find the paperwork to fill out for guardianship of a minor
My husband retired 5 months ago and I need to fill for food stamps
I was wondering if you could help me fill out an order to show cause form
I need a document edds support form to fill out on line
I want to fill out application for food stamps expadited
Im looking for the order to show cause form for me to fill out myself
It was 170 franklin st buffalo like 2 weeks ago now it’s empty
I believe that l filled wrong my my  declaration and l want to know if l am in a legal issue
Hi I am trying to find Order to Show Cause forms that I can fill out
What other documents are needed for these people aside from this form once it’s filled?
I am filling out a notice of termination and I want to make sure I am doing it correctly
We just need paperwork to fill out for visitation with his son
My daughter turns 21 in July what forms do I need to fill out to stop the court order
I just spoke to the law firm.. they said there is a form I need to fill out..
I have the Form 4-11 filled out. What are the next steps?
I’m looking for free legal help in filling a new application for DACA
Should i have to print that filled form and fax to somewhere ?
i need the form to fill out “ Acknowledgement of Paternity“
I filled it out and printed it and signed the necessary parts. Now what?
Can you tell me what forms needs to fill out to termination of parental rights
i will like help on filling a for my daugther costudy
Good Afternoon I am trying to find the Paternity of Filiation where can I find the blank document to print to fill out
I have this form all filled out: NYS Supreme Uncontested Divorce *hd
i don't know what type of order is filled
I'm filling out my rji and I have a couple if questions.
how can i get a copy of the forms i completed on LawHelp
If you needed someone to look over a document to see if I filled it out correctly, could you do that?
We have an attorney already, but we needed to fill out these forms to begin the process.
Thank you. One more question, is there a form I can fill out for divorce?
I need to fill out the probono application firm on the website how do i go about doing that
i just filled out support modification form how do I sign it electronically thru system so I can send completed form
I am getting a divorce pro se. I am seeking maintenance. Do I need to fill out any forms?
okay. im not too sure how to fill out the order to show cause
And which form I use to considered my new submission is timely filled
form on the free diy Nonpayment program. It said to fill out the User Survey.
Not at this time. I viewed the link, but there are several different modifications forms. I don’t know which one to fill out
i would like to know how much does it cost to find someone to help me to fill out forms
Is that the form. That you fill out for a order of protection against the other party
Thanks I'm just not really sure how to fill it out. Are there any examples of how they are filled out or anything?
What form do I fill out if I want to move out of NYS and ex has visitation rights (which will still be honored)
copy thank you. i will fill thee form and email the family court
I went to the nysces website to request it, but I did not realize I need to fill out an Affidavit
I need to fill up paternity form. Can i do it online ? Where to find and how to apply online ?
THe ones who are on Screi may have to fill a Capitol improvment exempt form
I was told that there is an application that I can fill out online through this website for New York State Bar Association
so I still need to go to the court if I fill this online?
is there any forms that i can print out and fill out prior to going to court?
If I want to write the will, which powder of attorney from should I fill it out
thank you. so there's no online application to fill out?
I've already called the 212 number and everyone ive talked to has reffered me here
I have a court sent "income and expenses statement sheet that I filled out on the PDF file, that the court sent
im use to fill out my children’s forms but having medical issues and being autistic myself I find things getting harder to understand
I’m looking for  the form to fill out so I can have my court date virtual instead of in court room appearance
ok thanks i just delete pdfs they was empty.
More specific: I would like to know which sections I would need to fill out. There is no DIY online.
there's a financial affidavit form that i know i need to fill out
Go! Do you know what form I need to fill out to see if I qualify for a free attorney?
I received info from their lawyer as a potential creditor that I have to fill in & file with the courts in Miami
I try to fill a modification of a support order, But I cannot found the form.
Yes I’m trying to fill out 5-1 form for a dna test
Yes in September I filled out the forms got them notarized and mailed them with a self addressed envelope
insurance had told him he needs to fill an Small Estate affidavit with NY
He filled a modification of support through Supreme Court
Do you have information on how to fill out a notice of claim. I have contacted MFJ. They didn't know to much.....
Hello I need assistance filling out a gf-40 form
i want to fill out a paternity request im not sure if after the dyi form is complete i need to have it notorized
is there an on line financial disclosure aff i can fill out on line?
the first link you sent me doesnt show the form that we can fill out establishing that he is not the bilogical father
Hello, I need to know what form to fill out for a violation of an order of protection in family court, orange county ny
Trying to find a NY state child support modification document that can be printed out and manually filled in.
He just needs to fill out the application and mail it to family court?
IS THERE ANYWAY I CAN GET HELP FILLING OUT THE MODOFICAITON FORM?
last question, if i want to fill a termination order o something similar, is there an specific form and process to do so?
so can you tell me what is thi sform? I was filling this one out
i have made several attempts to fill info out but whn I gt to end it says session expired.  Is system down
Nycourthelp. I was trying filling the uncontested form but when I said that I have 2 kids it refuse to processed
what forms would have to be filled out if a parent does not want arrears from another parent
Hi, I am looking to file an order to show cause but have not seen this form available to fill out online
is it on the nycourt website to fill out and then I would bring it to the court or can I send it online?
I just need to fill out and a paternity acknowledgement form but the mother reside in Paris France.
i'm filling out a 5-1 paternity form but dont have my son's social security number, what should I do? leave it blank?
i have the form from court....Was looking for a placee where it can be filled out online and printed?
I just wanted to know if I can fill out multiple court orders in the same day
After forms are filled out can someone else take forms to court to be filed
Great afternoon!!! I would like to know if there is any assistance available to help fill out DIY divorce papers?
Yes I might need it in word so I can fill it out online
My job has been terminated. I need to file a support modication. Where can i go to get help to fill out the gorm correctly?
I need someone to help me fill these in so I can send them back to the judge
Yes. I filled out tha application GF'40
So I was trying to fill out the questions that way but it stopped when i tried to enter the year 1978
Is there a form to fill out if I don’t want to take a court mandated paternity test?
Ok got it thank you imma fill it out now
I"m helping my father-in-law to fill in the DIY Small Estate affidavit form but I'm having a bit of trouble
Which one do I fill out I’m sorry I’m new to this
I am looking for the paperwork that I can file for fill custody of a child.
I was trying to fill out the questionaire but could moy continue due to the age of my son!
It looks like you have to fill out an application or is there a number you can call?
Could you tell me the first steps are doing this and are there lawyers for low income that could help me fill out the paperwork
And my other question is how can I find a free lawyer , I know I have to fill a form
Yes. is that similar for filling for absentee father ?
Ok the lady said it can be sent like an efile and could fill it out online
Is there a certain form that I have to fill out to answer a title of action or proceed divorce
I'd like help filling out my family court paperwork
i Need assistance filling out the gf-40 form
ah ok so once I finish filling in the DIY forms through your site, will I get instructions on how to file with the courts?
I just need a blank Financial Disclosure form to fill out
I have the brocure and have filled out the forms. Do you know if the small claims court is open?
yes except there is no will and i just need the paperwork filled out to prove im the only adult child
i would like to know what is the process of filling for custody when one of the parents lives in another country
And this for anyone to fill out ? Appears to be geared towards attorneys
Hi when I fill out the diy paternity form it only allows one child. Do i have to fill out 2 forms?
I’m trying to find a PDF for child support so I can fill it out and bring it into family court
hello who should I contact if I need help filling out the certificate of relief from disability and Certificate of good conduct form?
Im going to download this form and fill it out. If anymore questions i will log back in. Thanks
can you also email me which form I need to fill out to sent in to cancel
can i print this form out instead of filling out online?
is they while filling out the forms or once a court date is ordered
I don't know how to get the form I need to print out to fill it out.
trying to get  help from than to fille out a NET WORST OF STATEMENT
Do i still fill out the top of 5 with the original order docket #
If I dont know how to fill this form out. Is there someone who can help me fill it out?
I need to know what form do I fill out for a court ordered violations
Hello, I was looking to start a divorce and wasnt sure where the forms were to start filling out
I just fill out multiple court orders in the same day ..
Hi, am i able to get help with filling a letter of administration
ok great are they open for filling now (during this pandemic)
do you answer questions in relationship to filling out objections and how to word them
It’s me again that link is not giving me a option to link to fill out modification form for visitation
i need to fill it asap an fax it to the family court so i can call or video by my court date
Thanks Oliver. Can you tell me where to send it once i am finished filling it out
what form do I need to fill out for a court ordered violation
and is there any reason I should use the fillable PDF vs word? Am having difficulties editing the PDF
SINCE I FILLED IT OUT WRONG LAST TIME I WAS IN COURTBEFORE PANDEMIC
I called a law firm, they said go to this site, to fill out a form.. that's it.
quick question, so i just need to fill it out and have it notarized
Are the forms available online so I can fill them out and bring them to the courthouse?
not fill out  i need form which will produce this document
and the e from so I call fill out to get a order protection ?
Hello! How can I apply to remove fathers paternity rights ? What forms do I need to fill out? What do I need to do?
I have filled this form out numerous times: https://ny.probono.clio.com/
i did all that i filled the form out now its saying to print the form
i saw that already....which form do i used im really dont know how to fill that out im not a lawer ..:(
My sons father wants to sign for paternity, would I have to fill out just the paternity forms and he is willingly going to sign.
I have found various fill in pdfs on other district court sites, but when I go to Dutchess, I can't seem to find it?
Need to fill out application, mot sure where to go
What forms do my son has to fill out to get on his son birth certificate and he wants full custody of his son
I would like to know once I fill out the forms what is my next step
And I don’t have to send a letter or fill out a form ? They know to do this automatically?
I'm sorry so basically the noticed to vacate w/in 90 days is invalid  as of now?
I need help understanding how fill out an Order to Show Cause
but do I need to fill any documents to object to deadbeat's motion and present to the court or verbally is enough
I went to a family courthouse today and she told me to fill out the modification for the G-17 form
If I fill out a GF-17 wouldnt I have another court date?
I keep getting that but where can I fill out and show my evidence?
I been seeking for an attorney in supporting with filling out documents cause I really want to do it right
Clearly it angers me for my daughter's best interest but also makes me fill with anger towards them.
is there a type of form to fill out, or do i make an appt with family court?
I am trying to gather information and determine the proper steps along with what paperwork I need to fill out for an adoption.
are the forms online or would I have to go in person to fill out?
I need help filling out the name change documents
because you send me the forms but I can’t choose to filled it out or check marks anyone of the options
i need a lawyer to adopt my stepson or possibly the forms that I need to fill out
I'm looking for a fillable form for Affidavit of No Other Name. Is there one on this website? What category is it under. Thank you.
ok thanks. if fill the application can send this for court directly. how long  is taking the court
I would like to know the steps and forms I need to fill out to adopt my adult stepdaughter.
Yes I saw it on your website and I filled out the form and saved it
Yes. I leave some box blank. which question not applied to me I have to put none but i leave blank
I would like to know what form do I fill out to apply for a step parent adoption
Yes just 1 more thing, would I just fill out that form and send it to family court?
Yea I did fill that form out online. I was just wondering on what I should do now. Since the courts are closed.
im preparing for the hearing, do I need to fill out a motion for what I would like modification to be adjusted to?
I need the form to fill out to file for a violation against a court order.
I am trying to fill out a “violation form” for the non custodial parent
I am having trouble finding a form I filled out yesterday and saved on your site
I need some help with filling out the notice of motion
what forms does one need to fill out and where should to be filed to complete an adult adoption
I wanted to download the application and fill it out here before taking it there
I want to know if I can get help with how to fill out forms to object to  accounting  citation.
yes its not a court case i just need to fill out something called letter of administration and its overwhelming
There’s no option to type to fill it out would I be able to do that on a regular computer ?
I have a question about filling out a rental application online
so i still need to fill out that form for repair first , thats my evidence
I just filled out the court documents for an income modification on your help website.
they gave me a paper with information to fill out online
I seen the form but I don't have no docket number or anything like that . Do the courts fill that out
Looking for the form to fill out for modification of maintenance so it comes right out of my husband’s check
do i need to fill them out online i just want to print the package
will i need to go in person after filling out this form to the court
The form was sent through email and I have it filled out and I need it filed
I have the forms. I just need a little guidance in filling them out
now i need to fill out this form but cant find it on ur site to print it out an fax it
Thank you so much for your prompt response but I was looking for assistance in filling out an application for rent releif.
For the order to show cause, do I only fill out the names on the top of the page?
I don't anticipating going to court, but I could use the assistance of a legal person to figure out how to fill them out.
When I fill out the DIY forms, do I take them to the court or can they be emailed?
so i do this program fill out the forms and do i have to mail them to family court
Do I write a letter and bring it to the court house or is there a form I need to fill out?
Thank u so much im goin to star fillin today online
do I have to wait to fill out everything after I give birth or can I start proceedings now?
I wanted to know what form do I fill out for paternity or a contact number
I’ve filled this out like 5 times and then it freezes and I lose it so I have to restart everything
I need to fill out a support modification paper in Chautauqua County
i just need help locating what form to fill out to move forward with someone signing over parental rights
i am trying to fill out a NY deed Warranty and need assistance with filling out the form
thank you Rosa. you been great and i will fill out the survey accordingly.
i want to fill out modification papers for a medical support order
does filling out one affidavit accounts for all multiple wasy and locations attempt of service
Do u think it's gonna possible to have someone who can help me in filling
Is there away I can fill it out online and send through  their email?
i need to prit the form i dont want to fill online
the courts told me that i need a form to fill out and mail out for an adjustment
Im am a Sr. I have forms to fill out for my pension...I do not understand the words.
