My sons are adults but cohabitation concerns are obvious. I am confident that a solution is available for older adults (60 +). Contact VP at 202.705.2525.
We live close each other. 10 blocks away
Yes , the  courts  are  closed , they  cannot be reached  by  phone .
I explained to them I don’t have contact with that person they’re calling about but they are threatening me
Good morning well the reason why I’m contacting you is because I Well obviously like to get some information
No. I am addressing the wrong agency then. My mistake. I will contact HPD if I need them
they were getting me contact information for free legal services specializing in readoption in New York state
I would like to speak to a legal representative first
Looking for resources to locate someone to help
Hi I was online with Mike but got disconnected
Ive tried contacting my lawyer but i haven't heard back
Are you able to provide me with contact information for the ny attorney general?
Yes no problem. What happens if we get disconnected? How do I reach you?
Ok thanks i’m going to get in touch with them now
Thank you. Yes I did contact my sisters place. I actually just found out about the bar thing last night
I have called the 315 number and they was the one that told me to contact you guys
Thank you so much i will start contacting them numbers today
I'm looking for the contact information of   Legal Aid Society of Rockland
Do I have to contact a lawyer or can someone point me in the right direction of "next steps"?
husband and father has been absent and out of contact for 4 years
Thank you so much I contact them? And then go to the court house to schedule a hearing?
Hi Phillip u just were helping but got disconnected
My water was shut off by my landlord. I know this is illegal. Who can I contact to get it turned back on?
Im looking for contact number for non profit legal services in cortland county.
could you schedule a phone consultation with an attorney? this issue is very concerning
and I would also like help trying to contact my public defender, I'm assuming I would use the same one as last time>
Ok. That's great. Please provide the contact info.
Great. My friend's divorce case is in White Plains NY. Do you have contact info please?
hasn't contacted child in 590 days
i do'nt want to involve more government agencies. i want to know my rights
I was already talking to someone and lost connection. Do I have to start over?
Is it possible to get a no contact order or a refrain from order during the pandemic?
I think the first contact u gave me was about right. Thank you so much
Thank you for the web link. I'll contact them. Thank you for you help
Yes but the worker keeps saying that she wants to contact my kids and they have nothing to do with none of this
i already have an order of protection but now he is sending his family to try to contact us
We have not contacted nyseg about it. Do we or can we contact them even tho the nyseg is in the landlords name ?
Is there any email address you can provide? I have no phone service. I am just using WiFi
Ex: I have custody of my 2 cousins- their mom had another baby and the baby’s father refuses any contact between the siblings
Is there any laywers I can contact that might have a sliding fee?
Thanks so much , yes I want the contact of legal aid ...I appreciate
however contacting legal team can get that info
2,kids here. Multiple families with,kids relying on cellular devices to minimally get by
Can you get us in touch with the investigative department for New York State please ?
He just don’t want any contact with me. I don’t know why. He recognized our daughter she have his last name.
offices in rochester, ny for law help, just general contact to provide as a resource
Sorry lost contact w/ Annie
I know courts are closed, is there a virtual appointment for consultation?
Is this a lawyer chat or do you pass it on for a lwyer to contact me?
and I haven’t gotten no contact from law enforcement
That is where my referral contact came from with a request for $7,500. I have really done a diligent search, to no avail.
I'm trying to found out if may need a lawyer.  Something happen like someone beat somebody up and they im connect to it.
I found it I was pressing the wrongs three dots
Hey Ron, sorry we got disconnected
hi mike. I think I spoke with you a while ago and I got disconnected
would you have a specific phone contact for the Civil Courts in Queens?
That is all.  I will use the contacts provided.  Appreciate the help.
when the child goes to the shelter, can i still contact acs?
could u please send me a telephone number with a person that would speak to Maureen Risi in regards to her grandchildren
Okay I would appreciate the contacts and what ever information you are able to give
I just came from court trying to contact this paper they give me to call and the lines are buyse
I don’t see a contact number can you provide it pls
It was about an argument I had with  my wife were she had me arrested with a no contact order.
Hello I am trying to get contact information for my court appointed lawyet
hi dear good night i was trying to contact the legal hotline at 212)626-7383
I’m going to contact them today thank you so much I really do appreciate you taking your time to help me
I was wondering about a contact number for Legal Aid Society to assist me with getting Misdemeanors sealed.
Understood. Can you provide that email address again? (computer got rebooted, didn't get a chance to save the chat)
In fact if I didnt have a child with him and a legal agreement, he would qualify as no contact
Hi. I was waiting to receive information about people I could contact about emancipation.
Please join my meeting from your computer, tablet or smartphone.
I would like a contact number please
My situation is too long to text, please can I call someone  to discuss my case?
Sorry i get the same action out of all the ny agency ive contacted thanks for your time have s good day
Alright thank you for your time, I will contact them, until what time is live chat available?
Thank you for these links I’ll make sure to contact them.
ok great, let us start contact them to begin the process to solve this situation
and was expected to keep in contact with my staff even in my time off
Ok, thanks so much for the contacts. I really didn't know where to start to find good legal help. Thank you!
No I can't seem to find any information online on how to contact any
i would like some assistance with knowing who I need to contact about legal guardian ship and  a neglect related issue
Are they allowed to refuse internet / cable service installation to a mobile home park?
n o i presume i can just call and get consultation now right?
I guess it cannot hurt to have contact with people to assist with questions etc
Is there a chat line that i can connect to. Since i can get.to.speak.with any one for the 1-866-208 4485 number?
Monroe and I was granted supervised contact but the other parent refuses to let me see my child
Yeah, I have months trying to reach them. I can’t, i live voicemail and nobody calls me back.
Hi I was talking with Joshua but I lost connection
Thank you for the information and i will contact the people from LIFT.
for the clinic, our client missed 4 meetings despite connecting with us over the phone in between the meetings haha
I only see action center but no one has call back do you know if any other organization
Should I get in contact with local PD to get in touch with her since I can't?
I was just speaking to someone and got disconnected.  I was waiting for a referral to a lawyer
still says site cant be reached
yes they gave me your info to contact you about this matter. I work with the Kinship Caregiver Program for Long Island :)
Couldn't reach no one they got wrong number at first
Joshua was in middle of help, got disconnected
however they said detective will contact me the buisness owner said that
I NEED spousal money. We are married still. He just dissapeared and I have no way to reach him anymore.  He lives in Nassau county .
I spoke with clerk and gave me email address to request a link for virtual meeting
And 2 letterfrom customer stated why she gave them to me
I pressed charges and have been issued a temp order of protection. It is not a no contact order.
I would. I have already contacted a couple but the fee was really high.
and i am waiting for Human Resources Administration to contact me
She has never cut off all contact before. I do not know if I could get her on a call.
The site refereed me to contact NY court.
hello...I am contacting to get informational support regarding a civil matter.
But we have recieved no responses to phone calls etc , facebook since jan 30. And before that they wanted money
Who should I contact if a custodial guardian passes and the biological parent does not have custodial rights at the moment?
Yes. ND but will it be confidential if I call them from my own phone?
I already contacted consumer affairs building department bbb but no one was able to help
The previous resource you posted is for dutchess county I will contact them. Thank you so much I appreciate your help. Be well.
i realize that i may have to pay for services but i had no clue who to contact
So the life help is about giving out contacts of paid attorneys, right?
I’m not she put some random guy on there that she dated
Okay, thank you. I did contact one on the list and left a message. We'll see what happens. Thank you for your help today.
I'm just not sure who I would contact about clearing this issue up.
yes please and thank you that contact information will b great and to b clear i am the landlord
Hmmmm, I already called them and didn't hear back but will try to contact them via e-mail.
Where to go who to contact .... the proeprty was located in bronx ny
thank you I appreciate it. I got in touch with LIFT this morning and they had informed me about mediation
The link isn't working. Can you send me the contact information please.
No I think I will start contacting on of these places! Thank you for the info!
I share an electrical switch wiht my  neighbor
it says via Microsoft virtual meeting and there is no link
however i have been denied access to that info. and i dont have a contact for her anymore
Yes they were contacted in 2018 and then recently once this all called light
This is a great start. Once I submit the form will the court contact me and the father of my child?
Yes , the child has lived with me since birth he has not had any contact with his other parent since the date of last year
i contacted 3 companies all said the same thing
How this person reasons or justification will affect me.?? Since everything was done without notifying me.. or contact me..
Thank you Shelby. I’ve contacted the ones you mentioned before, without any luck. This is so very frustrating. What is the LIFT operator?
Who do we contact if we want to add our agency as a LawHelp resource
I was just speaking with someone Sheryl maybe and got disconnected..
Thank you, I will be in contact. One last question. Are there legal forms available in reference to trespassing?
Has assigned council that has not been in contact since 3/??/20 was not
No worries. Is there a phone number may I may reach a lawyer in your office for legal aid?
I was on a chat with Franklin, but I disconnected. Can i reconnect with Franklin?
would that be a police matter would you know or do I have to contact the record's website?
who do i contact if i am a veteran in need of housing assistance?
That being said she currently has a 50B issued against her for communicating death threats to me over the phone a few weeks ago
I have contacted,  a number of organizations in the last 3 weeks.
I contacted bar association of nassau county 516-747-4832 but again no body pick ups the phone
I don’t know where my husband is and can’t get in touch with him.
face to face contact and no way near  feet apart
i dont know where he lives and dont really have any contact with him
Yes, if you can put me in touch with free legal help that would be appreciated.
it also said you have connection to a possible free or low cost attourney
I need to connect her to legal aid services
Yes I’m sorry  we got disconnected
Thanks. Contacted Pa. adoption hotline before contacting you and told contact NY. Thanks Don.
if I can't reach them over phone or email, can I just go to legal aid society to seek help?
And I met this lady via one of Facebook housing groups
I've gotten in contact by a couple people and have been told they will call me back. And it continues with the same response
The initial went through EEOC AND then after that to the human rights in Albany and Washington DC whom I contacted directly
He was fine and should have never contacted covid if Riker's where following protocol for covid-19
so i should contact them to get a copy of the original agreement
I will try these and if I can’t get the help I need I will be back in touch. Thank you
I would prefer to contact them.  Is  518-483-8049 the correct number
Ok I'll contact my county and then my daughter's county for more information.
sorry 4 speliing my keyboard letters r sticking can i contact by phone
do i need to call to make an appointment or simply go
Her dad contact me said she no longer my concern
Is not contacting a child for months a form of neglect?
Do you have a contact information for the Free Mediation service?
Oh the NY bar contact info.
Ok, is there also a phone number I can reach some one at?
Yeah. I'll try to contact one.
And then gave the phone back to him without the contacts he needed
Not yet .. someone else..I may also be..
if I give you her phone numbe will you connect her to one of them for help please
Her current teacher took away the notepad and no one from administration has contacted me to follow up with this new incident.
I tried to contact with landlord a few times, by phone, email and register mail
Do you have a email address or an alternate phone number that I can reach them at?
So I could probably call these guys tomorrow
The extra added work was completed and I want to protect myself from any future contact
i'm confused, these are all lawhelpnyk contacts. how is that different from this chat line? aren't you working for lawhelp as well?
I contacted them this morning and they told me about this EDDS thing
I have also contacted the CBP and they have not got back to me yet
meaning I would never ever have any contact with him again, ever
but I was unable to get contact info after opening these links
i already contacted thenand they coudl not help me
I am atrempting to contact this referral but it is coming back to you.
Hi I was just speaking with someone and got disconnected
when I did i. Informed the landlord I would be the contact person
My head hurts from typing on phone too long - I’ll contact at a later time. I appreciate the help. Thx again - best regards
Is there a way to contact Hon Gilbert Taylor thru electronic means (email, fax)?
They did not give me any names. All they said was to contact you LawHelpNY.org.
Thank you so much for all of the contacts and help! I will begin reaching out!
And now NYS has contacted me that I have filed wrong and are pursing legal action against me.
Okay I wrote it down I am going to contact them now thank you so much. Have a great day !
can I get the supervisor contact information please ?
after filling out the diy does somebody contact me or do i have to mail it in
Rita I was chatting with jade but I list connection
It is about contacting me frequently with distressing and threatening messages
when I email the paper work over do I need to put anything special in the subject line? when will someone contact me back?
Okay. Why do I read about abandonment after six months no contact in New York?
yes, and I need some contact information to help with my case
Or point me twds the right office to contact?
Ok, thank you. I am taking note of those as contacts as well.
First, there is the Legal Project. You can contact them at ... (copy and paste contact info here)
That’s a great idea I have not done that yet - I’ve contacted the public defense in Hudson
No. Thank you.  I would like to connect with the sites you recommended now.
The judge suggested that she contact you as she (judge) was not able to assign a court appointed lawyer
i have a cchr attorney but she is too hard to even get in touch with on the phone
I thank you for hearing my crazy story...and again I will contact the available resources that you have given me.
I have contacted yogurt co,( with complaints and pics, boatd of health, and agriculture and food gave me #)
O.K.  But I tried to contact the office of the social security, but I did not found web or any phone number.
The Dept. of Labor is completely overwhelmed right now and I haven't been able to get in touch with anyone there.
is there an actual number I can contact where someone can provide some sort of realistic information instead of brushing  me off?
When I try to connect it brings me back to your site
Most places are not answering their phones so it's tough to get in touch with someone
Okay thanks yeah I've contacted numerous numbers and such and I come up empty handed
i understand.  but i found out about this too late to contact legal services
I'll let you go. Can I contact you tommorow if I don't make any progress?
oh someone suggested getting in touch with  legal dept.
Ive contacted the BPD on my own last year and I need more involvement
Who do I contact if t hff ey dont close?
is there a number I can call for objective legal help ?
Is there a phone number where I can download legal aid for services I help
So my best bet would probably be to get in touch with them?
ok ellos  solo se comunican atraves del web side o tienen algun numero de contacto?
Ok, great. Thanks so much. Hopefully I can get through to someone.
Thank you! These resources may be very helpful. I'm just curious, what does your group do besides sharing other groups' contact info?
I contacted you this morning and have been going in circles with dead ends for hours!!
also, if they are part of your org, can you connect me to someone who can help?
we want to send a letter to their prevous employer to send us info on this person. and to contact their current employer
Sure--we have a court date for a "no offensive contact order of protection" as his father attacked my dad
Or anyone that works with veterans would work also maybe.
OK. I will try to contact VOLS phone. Appreciate it very much.
But I'm trying to find out information before I contact her
Ok thank you I've also tried contacting child support them selves and have had no luck
Is it possible to hire a mediator permanently as a channel of communication to uphold a legal agreement.
Thanks for the information. I’ll contact the hotline first, since I can visit the office
so what ! I’m contacting every social media outlet
I was chatting  with someone n lost connection.
Is that something I would look through and use to research, myself, or then re-contact you and ask you to do it?
I got contact information from AUBURN,by civil court for free legal help.
Hi, I started talking with my client, then lost the connection.
I need help connecting my grandmother with an attorney as she was served with a summons regarding a renewal of a judgment
I am so sorry. I was just on and you had connected  me to a LIFT person and somehow the chat disappeared.
do I just search new york bar association? How do I get connected with them?
I got connected with someone thank u!!🙂
Can you help connect me to free legal services?
i have a question, i have contacted you yesterday but still confused
He did not tell me anything besides, he was not sure was I was connected to him.
it is not a Part 36 appointment so the page you linked/that contact person was not able to help
