The uncontested divorce has already been filed. However my questions is regards to the lack of notification from the courts if its finalized
i already filled out a uncontested divorce worksheet and just need to edit the name of the defendant. How can I access my forms?
I understand these records are old and sealed because it's a divorce matter. How do I find them?
I'm looking for a lawyer that can help me get the paperwork started. To serve my husband divorce papers
I need to print out paper work for a Modification to my divorce papers and a petition for child support
I have a 6 years old child. I have visitation on sundays as a divorce agreement
Can you help me with filling out uncontested divorce papers?
I am looking for understanding around wording used in my divorce decree
Well, it is a divorce case and on my paperwork it says civil court
I am looking to obtain a long form divorce decree from the Queens Cty clerk.
Come home earlier than divorce agreement says...
Also it is documented that my wife was very violent towards me during my marriage can a legal aid attorney represent me?
I was in the process of filing for divorce however we are working on our marriage now.  I would like to discontinue the proceedings
just want to clarify.. in terms of diy divorce... I can have a mediator to work out custody and then initiate an uncontested divorce?
hi I would like to know if you state a divorce papers. It first gets process and then you get served?
I had assigned counsel for the related charge (adjourned in anticipation of dismissal), but he doesn't know and wasn't able to refer me.
hi wanted to know how long it takes when someone puts papers for the divorce for then to serve you
Someone is trying to serve me papers.  My out of state attorney said it was regarding an old mortgage (house sold in divorce)
hello, I was surfing the internet in attempt to locate a stipulation of settlement (free form) on a divorce case.
I have a question regarding an Affidavit of Defendent in an uncontested divorce
I would like to speak to someone about filing divorce. What are the procedures? Would you like a little bit of a background?
hi I would like a free lawyer to help me start my divorce process
I did speak to the clerk first. They said only family court lawyers not divorce.
We live in different counties, does it matter which county the divorce is filed?
the loan. It was an sba disaster loan used for business property we co owned but I had signed over to him in divorce
you said "If you were aware that the divorce was happening it may be an uncontested matter and not require court appearances"
question about the court where modifications is that where the divorce decree was filed
there is part of the divorce papers that i dont quite understand
I was served divorce papers and I am running out of time what can I do to get more time
I’m was served divorced papers do I go to the court
Hi David, I have a number of questions about getting a uncontested divorce in New York with a minor involve.
Apparently we do not have a support thing in place, it is only in our divorce agreement
Children are a blessing but in a divorce it makes it more complicated
Ok.  Thank you. Also, are the forms for contested and uncontested divorce the same, because I cannot find forms for Contested Divorce.
because i did get any notification or divorce judgement in the mail or served to me
And changing name is not for divorce or marriage reasons
But to do so, I must give birth and go through custody before I proceed with divorce, correct?
note: alimony ends 6 years after first payment per settlement agreement/divorce
I thought the legal aid society did not deal with divorces
They dissmissed my case and said it has to be a divorce modification petition
In regards to contempt of court. Divorce court
Hi I have been contacted by a lawyer because spouse wants to serve me divorce papers
Does the state open it’s own separate case when a married spouse files a case
Trying to f8nd a probono lawyer or free service lawyer for contesting divorce.i am a senior
Ex wife also, sold said property and moved when in divorce decree it was agreed that she remain in the family home
He told me if I sign everything over to him he will give me the divorce but I could still have the house
I have a judgement of divorce that was signed by Supreme Court but I never took him to court regarding this matter
Hello, I was told that I have a hearing on Wednesday by phone in a divorce case
just looking for papers to respond to divorce papers I was served and don’t agree with terms
Ok, my divorce was final on March 2013, X wife is refusing to comply with the divorce agreement
The mediator said he gives us a letter saying we met the two hour pose Divorce mediation requirement
He also said he has a lawyer taking care of the  divorce but I do not know how truth that is
I'm in the process of Legal Separation/Divorce. I'm trying to get my ex-wife to agree to a Separation so she could
I was served with divorce papers  I need to know how I respond as  I cannot afford legal representation
not sure if this information is correct, this is a divorce, is that the correct information that you provided
My x-wife is refusing to comply with the divorce agreement
I live in the bronx since the divorce process
I have never clamed our daughter on taxes. My Ex-wife did. even know in a divorce papers it's said we do it every other year.
I have situation in need help with wills and estates in surrogate court
Court ordered garnishment of wages for a duration of divorce term. The time is due to expire in less then 1 months
im trying to find the forms to start divorce proceedings
final divorce was signed March 2020 but started the process 1&1/2 ago
hello im tryinh to get part b of the divorce paper wrk i just finished part a
I need to talk to a lawyer about both issues amd to get my divorce and sue her for slander
I received a transcript of my divorce decree, but it contains an error how can I fix it?
I live in dutchess county,  I would like to know how to file an order of enforcement in regards to the divorce decree.
Hi, I need an attorney to help me answer an order to show cause regarding my divorce that was finalized last year.
Would I be responsible for any debt from my ex prior to us being married?
I need a legal aide to represent me n my divorce. I am in a same sex marriage.
my question was generic, not personal  what do I do with the marriage settlement agreement?
I need information on getting legal custody and a divorce.
I would need help in a divorce with away to do it when the other party has unknown where abouts
Hi. Im trying to file for divorce but I dont have a computer or a printer to print the documents
Hi. I'm looking to start the divorce process but have no idea where to start seeing as finances are an issue
Hello, I received the subpoena to testify at a deposition - regarding my friends divorce case
It's a family court matter at this stage as her divorce is final almost 4 years ago
Can I sue a coworker for spreading lies of adultery?
I need help filing divorce papers
Ok, thanks for that info. Do you know how many copies of my divorce papers to file my petition?
i live in queens and would like a referral programs for divorce lawyers
I am located in Bronx, NY. I want to start the process of my divorce.
We are presently married and have no legally binding custody arrangements. I want to settle the custody stuff before I start the divorce proceedings
I would like to know more or less a fee for getting a divorce and is the courts open due to the COVID
I am looking for DIY forms for uncontested divorce with children under 21.
oh, so there are no laws stating a separation period is a must for divorce?
I am going to file for an uncontested divorce, the children of the marriage have been adopted out, do I include them in the paperwork?
Hi, I’m trying to determine the sequence of events and the exact documents that need to be filed for an uncontested divorce.
my question is can I proceed into making the divorce happen even if I have court cases up at family court
If a spouse files for divorce  can they stop the process
How do I print all the forms I need in uncontested divorce in Manhattan
my husband has a lawyer, and I don't.  our divorce case is pending, still at early stage.  I don't think his lawyer filed RJI yet.
Thanks.  I need to file appeal after divorce  case but attorney wont give documents i provided.  The appeal is because attorney.ignored many financial issues.
Hi, I was served divorce papers last week. I know I normally have 20 days to respond. Has that been extended due to cover-19?
The state of marriage, the state of divorce, or the state of where the children reside
How can I sign up for email notification of any court filings on my divorce case
I literally just need updated paperwork for divorce cause the ones I have I think might be outdated
The Divorce is being done in the Bronx supreme court.
I am divorced, not the custodial parent. My ex is violating visitation brights, will not allow me to see my children
I need help getting the right divorce papers and a waiver fee
is there a DIY online form to respond to a divorce summons
Where do I go here in Manhattan  tofile divorce papers for free?
HELLO CAN A DIVORCE SERVER JUST DROP DIVORCE PAPERS OFF ON THE GROUND IN FRONT OF YOUR RESIDENCE
Hello is there any free divorce lawyer or reduced price lawyers for getting a divorce with my abusive husband?
I need to do a "post divorce decree modification"
or maybe there are online services to process divorce ?
The courts thought I was living with my ex mother Inlaw but I stilling Residing two years after the divorce
Why does the judge in past hearings ask if either party started divorce proceedings
I would like an attorney to help me prepare a QDRO.  I already have a divorce decree that states the breakdown.
I'd like to know if a marriage consultation is required before filing for divorce
I have a couple of questions around my DIY divorce case (I'm the defendant).
When my son was born his mom was still in divorce which was supposed to be over but due to a few issues it wasnt
Hi, I haven't received my divorce papers but my x-husband has, ots been over 7 months now
Hi. I was  looking for assistance regarding a previously file divorce decree.
yes our marriage papers were from nassau county but our child and myself live in queens and my wife is in westchester
I want to start a divorce process but do not have a lawyer at the moment
Is there any possible way the divorce packages/form mail to me
I found a federal protection act that prevents something in my divorce decree. Is there a form that I should use for that?
He has violated the entire divorce agreement and will start to catch up with payments but then defaults again.
Again this is Supreme Court (Judge that handled divorce) not family court.
Hey Nicole good day, what is the process of filling for ah divorce
I have a divorce case at Nassau County supreme court
I am currently married and living in the same residence. I will be filing for divorce shortly after custody papers are filed.
Can I get the divorce papers in the mail and mail them back
after couple week we fix the problem and she want to her lawyer to cancel the divorce papers
uncontested divorce and the form is for affadavit of plantiff to serve plantiff
Hi my name is Rebecca. I just have a question about Divorces.
i need to figure out how to file against my ex. for not fullfulling the requirements set in our divorce regarding property.
Divorce decree was signed in June of this year
My ex wife withheld property in our divorce decree
I’m looking on info to amend my divorce grounds from adultery to another grounds. The divorce is uncontested
the first form required is marriage settlement agreement. Once that is completed do I bring that to the court?
I would like to find out about free legal services for a divorce case in NYC.
Conversation was about a dispute between a husband and wife. Both are involved in a divorce case.
Is there free legal service out there to contest a divorce ?
Would i be responsible for medical bills that are my ex husbands, if we were married when they were made
I need to know of an alternative way to serve a divorce as I dont know where my spouse is
i filed an uncontested divorce through the court. they just sent me a letter stating to submit and affidavit as to prior name
I filed a divorce papers 2 months ago and I want to cancel the process
im just wanting paperwork mailed to me for start getting a attorney for divorce
Even if the divorce decree was filed in arizona.
Can I get a application mailed for info on getting a attorney for divorce
i need to help with court appointment divorce mediation
there are diy divorce papers can I do a separation myself or do we need an attorney
should I file family court papers first or divorce court papers
is the divorce still uncontested if the affidavit of defendant i signed but there is a request for maintenance?
We both agreed with the divorce and we don’t have children or properties.
So  she can have physical custody. My partner has joint( reasonable custody was supposed to be agreed on at time of divorce) but it wasnt
Thanks! I'll click the link for information on filing an uncontested divorce
Hi was just seeing help with filing paperwork for a marriage green card and for my daughter also
I live in Clinton County, NY but my divorce was done through Saratoga County
canYes I-  notlocate the lawyer who was handling my divorce case and do not know if the paper work was filed
not properly served notice of court date in which I want to contest annulment and  motion an order for divorce
I did.  He said there is no divorce lawyer help for me up here. There are resources if I lived in the city.
Good morning I had question about divorce papers
also wanted to know could i sue my place of employment for withholding information about my spouse ?
how do I find the form for Deffcts on my divorce paper
Is that where I can get divorce papers from the supreme court
do you handle involuntary ch.7 bankruptcy against a non-individual ?
Was served with divorce papers and do not agree with some of the terms. Need help to respond
So all divorces start as uncontested and when the spouse disagrees to the terms, THEN it turns contested. Am I right?
yes. divorced and custody agreement signed in queens
And also for the most part my suppose don’t agree with the divorce
I want to file an appeal to have the judge reconsider the divorce. How do i proceed
Good morning, I have questions around my divorce DIY process, as a defendant.
but can you point me to where to go that will serve the divorce papers since I have my ex husband's address
my wife filed for divorce and i did not recive or sign off any paper after 30 days
Hi, I would like to serve my spouse with divorce papers. However,  He is currently incarcerated. The divorce is uncontested.
i have the Order already in the divorce it’s states 50:50
Right now Queens court is accepting new divorce petitions, right? No kids involved
I need advice regarding my liability as surviving spouse for a substantial hospital bill.
and they can also process divorce papers separately
Chelsi - do you know if I can e-file for uncontested divorce in Westchester County?
I just went to see a will where I am a beneficiary  and told it was sealed that's all
I think it was the family court because it was part of the divorce process
I want to file the divorce papers and she agrees to sign.
I have full custody of my son per our divorce paperwork. I am not sure if this makes a difference.
Looking to find a resource due to getting served divorce papers from the spouse that lives from a different state
Can you also send me any free divorce lawyers near me 11554
i am low income. i represented myself when we divorced and did all the paperwork too
Looking for a divorce where my spouse wants nothing to do with it and will not sign any papers and will not go to court
just opened the link, not a tenant rights issue....its a divorce / family matter
Obviously I'm  guy and I'm afraid of being discriminated against .  I'm sure my spouse will contest the divorce.
yes i sis sign but now i regret it .. so does that mean i contest the divorce?
Will the divorce papers be served to him even if he is in a men's shelter?
I downloaded the divorced form so I need to know if I send my brother in law a letter letting him represent me
Hi I'm looking for a divorce mediator or lawyer who works probono or sliding scale
my wife filed for divorce papers to the lawyer
So once that is taken care of I can file for the uncontested divorce or is there any other paperwork?
Hello, I have a question regarding NY state divorce laws.
I am looking into divorce. I would like to know if I have evidence such as text messages of infidelity, does that count for alimony?
I need help getting a copy of a divorce decree
If a spouse files papers for divorce can they have the summons canceled
I have tried multiple Supreme Court efile for uncontested divorce but no one picks up, no matter which day or time I call....
I just want to know what does process mean when I search divorce documents in supreme  court website
How do I file for a divorce and ask the court for my husband to pay for the filing fees
I need to start divorce papers but my husband is overseas.
I want information about divorce my name is aida luz Pulido I live in6051 71st Street apt 1L Ridgewood NY 11385
Hello I need to start my divorce papers
I'm divorced and in the divorce agreement my ex agreed to pay me 65k to buy off the house we both owned
Thank you for the link. I already read on your website that I'll only have 20 days to respond to divorce filings.
I am looking for a layer for a free consultation about a pending Divorce.
i am an active duty military and currently stationed in Germany, i wan to file for a divorce, what will be my process
I need a Pro Bono lawyer for divorce proceedings.
Yes we are but he said that he will do the divorce me in Dominican Republic I don’t know if he did it
Hello! I have a question about my divorce case, I'm representing myself
I paid to handle my divorce and since the Covid pandemic began I have not been able to be locate him.
next I need to file divorce papers, but I am pregnant-whic forms do I need?
I just received Electronic filing paper for a divorce I'm looking for an attorney
She has been receiving money she was not entitled to.  Divorce decree specifically state EACH CHILD comes off at age 21
There are no children in the marriage, all other assets have been agreed upon.
we fix the problem and she want to cancel the divorce papers
i just need to know what the steps are to go about filing the right forms from divorce alimony and custody for my son
Do divorced couples ever set up permanent mediation?
They could modify the loan into her name, or otherwise refinance, but the former couple is not cooperating with eachother
My divorce decree states that I cannot enter the court without mediation first
In the original order I still had my married name. However the divorce was completed.
My ex husband and I have a court order from our divorce in 2016. We have shared custody of our children
I need some assistance with filing out divorce papers
His wife has served him with divorce papers- they have no children.
i am the defendant. And have been served a dominos and verified complaint for uncontested divorce.
Its uncontested divorce and its in the court from last year . I really need some info what to do
The chat was disconnected, would you be able to send me attorney referrals for divorce
I had my husband served divorce papers and he never responded, my question is do I have to refile paperwork
i honestly have no way of dong that. It was difficult to get him served even for the divorce
Hello could I come into the Nassau building To pick up divorce papers
divorce in NY - child custody and financial laws
Hello would like to start my divorce papers but it keep saying no because I have 2 minors
I am looking for uncontested divorce forms but when I click on it I get a 404 message- site not found.
should she include her divorce documents and prior OP orders in her filings?
How do I respond to an action of divorce served on me from my husband if I am out of state
I want to file for divorce but do not know how the process goes. I can not afford a lawyer
Im trying to get information about a doc called certificate of non impediment (freedom to marry, single status affidavit)
yes I read it, I had a Adjournment in Contemplation of Dismissal.
I printed out the NYS Uncontested divorce package and I need help
I am looking for information on finding an attorney as I was just served divorce papers on Friday.
thank you so much so we only need lawyer to help us draft or write out the form or to I tutored our divorce agreement?
Is it sufficient to say "i, plaintiff, authorize defendant to file this divorce"?
