her last day was Friday Feb th and return Mrach 2nd
On May 8/20 was my hearing appointment and is was put off on May 2/20 because of the COVID 19
Thnk you, I actually did 2 nights ago (monday night) 6.22.20
My job hasn't given me any hours in 2 weeks but has given her daughter my hours. Is that fair
The first one was while we were still in court. I believe the first access was in February and the second one was last weekend.
In august I started working part time and I give her $200 cash every two weeks
and im entitled to a monthly check untill 65 of age
my son is 11. she has him home alone until she gets home on her weeks.
I still always picked him up regularly since then
Good evening Charles, and happy new year
I just feel in will never end They sleep peacefully all morning while I'm up at six am and get to sleep at 12am.
I just wanted to know if I have any rights.....I sometimes work 80 hours  a week, with no extra pay or days off.
She got a stay away order and I’ve been away from my house for 6 months
Yes that would be great because I already called them andcouldnt get thru
He doesnt stay more than 3 days, now he's here a little over week.
after the three months have expired which would be january
i would say most likely the end of feb
was granted my rights to having my daughter and I haven’t seen her since the summer time
Thanks.  I’ll call the met council on housing now.  Wish us luck; may it be resolved before spring.
and now looking up my file it says control purposes for today  the 10th @ 3:33pm
i don’t have a apt I need one and I need help one time they are saying 5,000
it makes a huge noise before 6AM everyday
I am sorry correction. I meant since the date of june 9th yesterday date!
although I was not late as per NYS 5 day grace period
Thank you for your help. Happy new year. I no mine will be.
I have a question regarding returning to work at a drastically reduced number of hours...
Now with summer coming and virus situation,  I know will become ugly this summer,  so I'm requesting.
This took place on Sept 22, I was served on Friday sept 18th
I am getting nowhere and the 7 day clock is ticking
im just afraid i wont be able to see my kid till shes 18 and thats along time from 15
I have 10 days notice and it already past 4 days
we agreed on having the kid one week me and the other week her.. but now she is not letting me have my kid
i feel like i missed some deadlines but hoping it's still possible
Since we have been here in CT he is seeing him this weekend for the first time
the whole point of me working overnights was so that I can take care of my things in the morning
I have a scheduled examination before trial on next Friday
Ok so u mentioned June 18th. Therefore it was extended?
i said no that ill give her to him from last saturday to next thursdy
I have been driving all day to place to place and no one is helping thanks
no I do not know but tomorrow maybe  I will know and I will be back.
I asked if I could take my one granddaughter out for her 16th birthday and she never replied
I gave up my rights in 2017 and now I want them back
I work the late night shifts and this has just been so overwhelming.
ops nevermind! I saw 9am to 9pm
My hearing is on 3/2 this Tuesday - is there any possibility to receive assistance for this date?
In court we came to agreement that I would be with the baby on the weekend
I would like to request a 90 day extension to my due date (which is July 6th currently)
It’s my summer to have them this year and he’s taking them to Florida. Meaning he is going to violate again
The harassment been going on for the pass 5 to 6 years
I need everything for check up,for labor time for check ups
i left work Thursday due to not feeling well
two weeks will feel like two years, as this is intolerable and a known seasonal problem they say
On my 3rd day of job the trainer told me that they are terminating my job
Thank you Happy New Year Stay Safe
I got like 8 weeks with out working
i always work and take the extra hours. the moment i am freaking out over this ...then there is no flexibility
it was my daughters birthday i it was my weekend he kept her away.
No that was it. Again thank you. Have a great rest of your day and have a happy new year!
And I'm supposed to get them every other weekend but they moved so I cant but drive down to them 3 times a month
I found the main number, everything is postponed for 45 days.  Thx...
I used to work over nights, now they want use to switch to mornings
another question about the Oct court date
I have a appointment on Tuesday July 7th 2020
This harassment been going on for the pass 5 to 6 years
she has been with him since last week sunday i have called police and everything
I know I have been several times and they can't locate minutes at 320 Jay Street
Or if they not open yet. Is there any day estimate to be reopen
I have court day on January 9 2020 at 9am
It’s been almost 3 weeks already.
I'm embarrassed because I couldn't remember the day we did the final paperwork
thank you i appreciate that i am currently working so i will give them a call in an hour on my break
BUT MY HOURS WENT FROM OVER NIGHTS TO DAY TIME
at the moment he has him from Friday evening to Monday evening
She disappeared Friday Nov 8th and I filed the day after veterans day, Nov 12th ...
She is home from college living with me ( also stayed with me over winter break) and would like to continue to do so.
yes it is within the 2 week area
but they are giving me a run around and this has been going on too long now
Every time of the day including first thing in the morning when they open up and even in the evening
I chatted yesterday and it timed out then I had to leave for work.
Hello,  my name is gloria Castillo,  I want to know how can I change my address on line,  thank you
this would have been in late 2015 early 2016
Case took place November 12th
This happened in the Jan - March time frame.
My child stays with me and during the summer goes visit her father from 8am to 6Pm
Also is there a way I can get her be4 july
Yes so let me start by saying good afternoon
I LET MY EMPLOYER KNOW THAT IT WOULD BE EXTRMELY DIFFICULT FOR ME TO WORK DURING THE DAY
There's no specific time frame mentioned
She has lived all her life in NY... and she has been missing less than a month. The 8th will be a month actually.
made it hard to work correctly and put a lot of stress on me especially because I was communicated with off the clock a lot.
During the week of March 16 thru March 29 my mom had my daughter at our home
The 3 one came to me in March 2020
They resided with me for one year and prior to this they were always at my home every other weekend
I'll have to keep reading what the time frame is he has
SURE NO PROBLEM I WILL BE WAITING JUST TAKE YOUR Y TIME
and she is in agreement to let him come home as well
I have caled those places over the last 5 years they wont help me
so they still dont know an exact date?
He has been gone since 9/2019 til present
whether I am entitled to a 30, 60 or 90 day notice
Not sure of exact month but I believe it was March or April 2017
they didn't process april payment. .so they wanted april.and .may
he said by the end of the month., so i still have some time
I know i should go to court, but i don't have the time to because of my work hour's
i think im going to the courthouse first thing in the morning
are there any locations that are open for in person appointments so i can get one on one help?
Can an employer give away my shifts even if they are already scheduled?
If you want to schedule a one-off consultation with her and me, that is fine -- doesn't have to wait for the next Bloomberg day.
My life was on hold for going on 7 years they ready to come home
the mother told the cops he was only staying with her one day we are now 8days in
I've been trying for weeks to get unemployment calling on my day and I get hung up on everytime
I do work part time but get sick often and have trouble working consistently or full time
Thank you so much! Have a happy Friday 😁
I didn't see my kids for more than 10 days so is something can do to see then in this weekend its coming?
Showing that I get my son every 2 weeks
he’s been deported since 2010-2011 I really don’t remember the exact year
Thank you. Should I pay the rent which is due tomorrow and should I attend the meeting tomorrow., which I am nervous to go to?
I was supposed to have them last weekend so since last weekend
do you think I could get in trouble if I don’t allow him to see the baby in 5 days
i am in deep stuff  i came visit nyc in 2008 on my last day umy friend got pull over and me as a passenger
I left back in September and have been trying ever since to get it...I'm 27 I'll be 28 in June
but since this pandemic and remote schooling started I have my kid mon-wed 24hrs and thurs and Friday 7-3
I’m not eligible for that program because I already have Section 8.
in the court order it says the father may pick him up on Tuesdays and Thursdays 5:30-7:30
I want to go back in approx 8 weeks
Im going to set up a person to person meeting in a few week
NOW THIS COMPANY IS SAYING THAT WE ARE FULL TIME AT HOME WORKING
I can't wait until our next scheduled hearing in Feb
She violated the order and stated that she won’t give them to me next week as well and so on.
I gave her 3months notice she said she wont leave this house and she wont pay me
Yes, they say he is "holding it together during the day" but when he comes home he is exploding daily.
I did do that and my court date isn’t set till February 27th
Yes. Finalized in June, 24, 2019.
I believe it was back in March when I initially called
it was supposed to be rescheduled for May 5th but i cannot find it on any schedule.
The last time he saw them was Oct 2nd of this year.
Right. Ive been notified that the earliest is June 8th at best.
I have a court Friday may 29 2020 but I don’t have the time
Thank you for the reminder.  I may call that line first thing in the morning before going to family court.
It said his job was never closed and he could've come back any time
that is why i feel like im goin in circles
I would like to find out what my rights are as the baby's father (he is due Nov. 4th).
They told us they are working too many hours to pay the bill.
I didn't get home till around 7:30 or 9:00 pm
Our court date was set for April 20th
I am being verbally and emotionally put through hell every day.
I have a question about my son who will be turning 20 this December
Kinda he got it ajurned until oct 3
Ive been staying in this hotel for over 2 months and they trying to put me out because I miss 2 days of payment
But once I return back to work I won’t be able to stay with them throughout the week as I am now
I told them I want to work but I’m still feel ill time to time
I have court August 14. I will call these places. Thank you for your help and time
I’ve a court date for December 16th and I can’t make it
I would like representation for a court date Wednesday 01/22/2020 9am at the civic Center
We had been working remotely leading up to the July 6 opening, and continue to work remotely biweekly
and he said that he would come to fix it on monday
8am to 1pm is their chat option monday thru friday
I said use june as the last month
I don’t have much time either, my trial is Dec 19th
Thanks for your time. I will call the NYS Bar Assoc on Monday when they open.
The judge the last time said the father could take the kids from Saturday morning until Sunday morning
Did you mean January 2021 and October 2021
It was originally scheduled for October and the other party adjourned and 12/6 is the new date
we only work 2 college semesters. Usually in the field
I can't go back until I get my day I  court
I am so glad to have you help me.  Everything is harder now when it's closed everywhere
That was last week in January ct date
I spend the majority of the time with her he spends 8-12 hours with her each week and the rest is on me
Today would be considered a holiday which the courts would be closed. Am I correct
im sorry her classes start at 9 am
My kids are always sick and I am trying to get this water tested my tuesday
she let me see her on sunday for 3 hours but she had to be there at all times
I was supposed to move to but a week before he told nope ur not coming
since yesterday (day 2 of this thing) i am being told i have to go back to the office
Ok, they said they also need the machine number that in question, by the way , they changed my hearing date!
That’s the thing the courts closed so the scheduled court date wasn’t able to happen
everytime it wait the 2 weeks the key does not work
Thank you it bothers me everyday for 3 years
so I have like 2 months to take care of this, if there is anything I can do
yes he refuses to do anything with a schedule he just shows up and leaves her whenever
I am not fully out of work but my hours we're slashed in half practically
90 day notice was given in february, may 9th was date she was supposed to move by, no court dates yet
they should be open then. It listed hours, didn’t say a break for lunch, just that currently closed
Hi I was served with a 10 day notice
To fix a custody agreement to an every other weekend agreement and to have set times for pick up and drop off
and his overnights from friday to sunday. he is refusing to give her me.
My last day of work was the 16 of March
I just need to know if month to month during covid has more than 30 days notice attached
Schedule is not set yet. Going to court tomorrow to get a date.
no thank you, you have already put some sunshine in my day.
Is there any issue with pushing back our end time so she still gets her hour?
He stays with his dad during the week and I see him on weekends or whenever his dad says he can see me
I have a case originally scheduled on March 18
and this one year wait, does it mean I cant leave the country at all
They say it's 3 days I worked sometime ago that's causing the issue
she hasnt seen him in over a year and half and before that it was over 6 months
ok beginning of March I’m sorry they were there from January to beginning of March up until a little over a week ago
yes I had one set the day before everything was shut down
It is my scheduled time with my children and the mothers aren’t allowing me to get them.
no not at all but she normally goes with her father thursday to monday as of now.
before that we didn’t work 4.5 month because pandemic
Helpline (888) 663-6680, staffed Mon-Fri 10am-3pm
I meant turning 5 next week
We both have them an average of 15 nights per month
oh, yes, I called them too. They’re supposed to be open right now, according to their hours, but I got a recording.
they don’t want to give me part time
I think this is it. Do you know how long of a wait this will be due to Covid?
It was permanent I worked there for 2 years and 9 1/2 months
I signed up in another location that happens to be to take about 2 weeks for orientation.
Refuses to open windows day in day out after painter leaves
I was told the respite was 28days... then told it was 19 days when asked for this in writing i was denied
He plans on going August 8th-15th. So I have to act
Yes u have, they hang up telling me there busy. I have tried 6-8 hrs every day over a month
I called them already they said they are close even though the message said they are open 9-5
Says I am to be out of the said premises within 30 days
I would like to start my form on line before going tomorrow morning
How come JCCA can do such a crime and get away with it I’m a city employee and had to take days off
Yep, going through old papers is what reminded me I never followed through with my first attempt.
I just cannot change the year to 1978 on this program unless you can for me?
during school hes with me every other week and i keep him all summer
theyhad given me about ten hours notice
I was served a 14 days notice on 27th
Sure, is there time now?  Otherwise I'm am slammed with firm work the rest of the day
Yes, Dutchess Cantu, and the settlement conference is scheduled for tomorrow afternoon
I need to request overnights and a set schedule with my 2 year old child
i was asked to work front desk yesterday
I signed applications, w-9 forms, i have receipts and messages. He blocks me for days at a time
time is running out it’s almost 5pm
I need help getting monthly obligation adjusted
No, that's a start.  :)  I'll come back on Monday if I need further help :D
I made multiple complaints to 311 for 2 years and there’s no change
They got my luggage from the 22/12/19 to todays date and still giving me the run around
