I am not sure what form to use, do I use consumer debt or estate forms
this is no help I really feel like my Appointed lawyer is doing the bare minimum
I downloaded the application do I have to pint it out and fall it out a gain
as we have a vague idea of where to start we think it best to work with qualified professionals to ge this right
originally agreed for lesser 2 years ago but found different
but i pay every 2 weeks the amount of the temporary order
I think I’m going to have to go to the news agencies - so many orgs and bob can handle this matter - so disappointing
Yes, I've had an order in place 17 years.
this is not a as far as I understand a part of the agreement but has become an uprising concern with situations and recent actions.
During all this I was in hospital having stents put in. I am single, 65 and this more than I can handle.
Also I may need to show just cause
I dont have a court case or anything like that. I have a concern relation to work.
If these mistakes happened in June and July, and now I've been issued a debt request, I worry it's too late
This site is for people who meet any of the following criteria:
Are these sources available today ,or tomorrow in regards to the pandemic and restrictions?
The situation will be desperate sooner than later under the circumstances.
i want to at least wrest control so that it’s my judgment that guides the situation
Yes, I'm aware of that but there was no notice given. They just started to do this in January.
Of course I hate the thought of pursuing legal stuff and being that guy, but at this point I have no other recourse.
jackson height that where happen and i got booked in kew garden queens
Help w/ requesting independent evaluation
can I just go inside the court or will I have to make an appointment?
Thank you. Are there any agencies that will help you with riding up your answer to the notice of summons.
something that would be an order to show cause. I think.
I was wondering if you know where I can find a blank application for an order to show cause
I don't currently have a order or modifying is not a option
Hello, I filed my application and I have the appointment in November.  Are those months retroactive or must he comply only from November?
Yes the court order was 155 a week or 620 at month but he only send me 342 a month
I know it’s short notice but I’ve been searching for help for about a week now to no avail.
he didn't appeal. does that mean we have to wait until 2021?
The only one in my area says they wont take my case as they are short staff or wont handle my case
i have a complicated situation that has become more complicated recently and I dont know how to deal with it.
yes but the issue doesn’t quite fit any of the categories
I am looking for information on how to handle a situation with renting an apartment
The gf 17 they're asking for the order to show cause form
Thank u just need to know where to bring docs order to show cause
I have an issue that I’ve never faced in my 20 plus years of working
I think its an final order he's been on it for over 2 years
okay if we refer a client to you, it would now have to go through a higher authority?
As for the 2nd they have no one at this time to handle this issue... but thank you)
I see some or planning the estate, my situation is the wayyyy after issue
stating the amount due which was the section 8
If no- what difference will it make if if we get a big bill
I need to know if there's a form for the appeal
I've read that it doesn't address my issue
Ok what's the number to call for appointment
yes. but it is only temporary. so it has to be an order to show cause
I don't believe so as they are two separate issues but I  wanted to  get confirmation for her.
That she felt like she could treat me the way she did
i know the challenge is costly and needed to be done within 30 days of the decision
I want to leave. My son and I are both high risk.
and I want to explore my options to appeal the decision
I need advise regarding automobile complaint
I'd surely appreciate that! As you can see, I'm not too familiar with this.
Good morning, I have a Holdover case in court tomorrow and I cannot afford a retainer.
howto get a order to show cause
thanks. Would they provide assistance if I am above the poverty line?
I am employed but I wanted to know if I meet the qualifications
I dont think they handle civil court cases, I believe I tried them already
my country is under a conflicts and situations are getting worse everyday
At this point, I’ll take ANY help I can get, so definitely yes for LIFT. Thank you.
Thank you so much - you have at least given me a starting point and hope.
dont think so, he mentioned modifying a prior order
My landlord Is supposed to be handling the court process for me.
Hello I have a few questions on how to handle a situation with a custody situation
You think I'm waiting another year for nothing
Thank you, but I'm on that page. Is the form under Small Estate Administration? That's what I need it for. Thanks.
Do I need to make an appointment to get it changed?
Thats the main part which i am running into issues with
There have been Executive Orders that allowed the SOL to be extended
I'm interested in knowing whether or not the right of first refusal is something parents have by defauly
I am considering but I just wanted to see if it will hurt my chances of continuing to lease cars?
Of course I understand why they don't want to deal with physical checks at this time
In the alternative I would like to possibly make a one on one appointment In your office to discuss further
I don't have anything until 12:30, so I can stay on a bit, if that won't cause a problem
I think it said one month but I am not sure if it was the date the actual determination was made...
Hi I have a due and I don't have money and I don't now if I lose my section 8
Yes those estate links would be helpful for low income
I cannot appeal temporary orders though. It’ll probably be a long time until there is a final order.
order has been in place since 2013 and have had no problems until now
I was hoping you could assist  us in finding out when or how we can set 1
Will someone be able to tell me how best to handle my situation?
I shrank our screen and found it.  I'm not good with this stuff. Can you help me understand if I'm eligible.
That's for appeals though, this isn't an appeal
I feel so bad and I don't know how to deal with this case at all.
I have a situation which I don't know which category it would fall in.
I would like to know how we could get a judge's order fot this procedure now not a week or so but early next week
Thanks, Where can I find info regarding eligibility please?
Not at this time.  We were curious if one  could be appointed for him for this?  (he can't afford one on his own?
I don’t think so this is my last hope honestly
my order that I want to vacate is order modifying an order of support by default
I just want to know my rights so I can approach my landloard with a solution over the next 3 weeks
She stars sh can’t find another place, obviously it won’t be for the same price with similar amenities
Hello I am handling my civil case pro se and i need some help can you help me with something
It is still unclear if the law is applicable for market rate apartments.
Thanks, just want have an idea how to deal with this situation..
Jane, I'm at the website, now, my friend has to choose from the subjects shown in order to get help?
i want nothing to do with him, and just want to be prepared with what I will have to deal with
Future expenses. A moving forward plan
hmmm I don't think i'm at at that point yet. i know which form to use for my situation
hi I am wondering were can I get article 78 form intent to show cause
Must I take a job thats pays substantially less then my old job or the LTD benefit
How could they change the court order accordingly?
Yes i have that link. But it doesn't say which court should handle that
also could you confirm if there is a charge for this service? I believe I read I could seek free legal advise
Do I need to go through court to be emancipated if I meet the requirements listed in the article?
If you have someone living with you temporary do you have to put them on your section 8 right away?
No it's a small estate but not for what they consider a small estate. This estate is just under 40,000
I feel like this may be the right time to negotiate on both BUT I would like to know about the BETTER tactic
the western district has a guideline but I cannot seem to find anything for the southern district which is wehre my case is
I have a question about an estate matter for surrogate court
Yes, but can you explain what the terms are around the free legal referral, i.e. the referral is free, is the consultation free?
I have a situation that I don’t know how to go about handling
I’m hoping it is not, to avoid a delay in the case.
Ok I’ll call them and make an appointment
He’s suppose to go back by 8/15/20 how do I go about getting our order changed
I am hoping that the action of standing up to my ex would make him obey the agreement going forward
I do not know the details of her case. I like to make an appointment for her
The order was entered January 13th 2010
Ok I just phoned the office you recommended and their office told me they do not handle commercial landlord/tenant only residential
thank you but isnt this for enforment of an existing order?
How can I look I a different way. For some reason it takes me to this chat instead to the addresses I need
i wanted to know how to become emancipated / or if it’s even possible at 15
I already called there. That office referred me to this website. THey do not handle this type of claim.
thank you. i don't need modifications, just need building to be properly maintained.  what happens if the landlord doesn't do that and serious injury results?
So my rights to final decision making doesn’t mean anything when it comes to relocating?
I have I-140 for EB1A approved, and wondering if there's a way to expedite to file I-845 before my priority date is current.
I gave verbal consent to an agreement but I wasn’t in the right state of mind
I'm running into an appointment.  Thank you for your help.
Because I was told since I live here they would handle the case
Order to show cause is worth a try
thanks, this looks like an appeal but I'll check it out
just to make sure I give you all the info: I am on a rent-stabilized apt
with the pandemic, it difficult to file a court order that would result in immediate actions
i don’t know what to do. I’m on the verge of resigning again. Is that what you’d recommend.
Thanks , I have checked all of these before. None give guidance on the court order
or can i become eligible for this after i reach my 6 months?
I definitely need preparation help for sure. I will call and make an appointment.
I do not think we would qualify for them, their financial guidelines.
The order was filed on June 11 and I received it on Saturday June 20
I need help  with a section 8 problem
I was wondering if you could email me an order to show cause
but yes the  handle  the  case  very  diffrit  from   what   we toll them
or other options i am not aware of to be allowed to put this check into a special needs trust for her
I know how to get the objection form but i would like assistance with my case.
can I object him modifying cs this will be the first appearnce
Yes if that’s what would help me in my position
ok can you go in person to those places  for faster results
I need a free consultation to see if i have a case
I think I’m qualified for the free one
Some racked up tickets in my name and I’m try to see how I can handle this situation
The three criteria which you've enumerated does not apply to our situation.
the appeal came from not enough award in the rent abatement we sought
But they gave me my appointment till Dec 4 of this year
I would appreciate  that. I need to appeal 1 case amd be less in the right direction for the custody case
I'm looking for the forms  used in processing COLA ORDERS & COLA OBJECTIONS
I have several objections to their motion and am looking into how I find the appropriate form or process to appeal
I am looking to find order to show cause on the website
maybe a legal aid to provide assistance to my specific case I think
would the stop rent increase form help with what they said on the letter?
Have not seen much written that is similar to my situation
its got to be the order to show cause form
and my fee waver application for appeal is also accepted
Thank you.  Also, do you know if anyone who is there to check the index with COVID-19 restrictions.
Can you please see if there are any others —where the criteria is not limited to certain restricted conditions
I am looking for a lawyer to help us with a section 8 issue we are having
I need to know mind, the father of my children must handle
are there any other resources that you think would be helpful? i suspect this will require an appeal, as my former employer has indicated
It's best to just do things the right way. I can't risk that life for my daughter
I already went thru the link you gave me and there is no choice for capital improvements, that's why I went on this chat
yes, but I don’t feel confident that they can properly handle the case.
I feel he shouldn't  be left alone with a minor do you understand
it is saying that there are no more appointments available for the next 2 years
Thank you. I believe that's what I submitted initially. I need to again to update the current order?
stay to the point, of the legal agreement and now letting my lawyers handle it
yes....because i am tired and stress got no energy to deal with this HSBC
I will try this however may issue is not a court case.  do you have other possibilities?
Do you think is better to go to the court to do the new appointment.
That's what I said: that I have the right to imagine they're doing this constantly which alone could explain the left-field-negative reviews
This person is 77 y.o. but is able to handle her own matters.
no. Just the threat of further action if I do not vacate by November 1st
Which public data base  do I find evidence of a judgement entered against my person?
That's what it says but I don't know how to obtain the court order
The only forms I see are for enforcement or modification of an existing order
yeah but because i dont have the actual order i cant do that
Can you help with that ? Because he also has a 504 plan that the school is not following
Would like to know who to direct the claim too;  I am thinking it would be quite difficult to serve a mentally disturbed individual.
yes  to make medical decisions if I am unable to
I would like to know how to go about re opening a section 8 voucher.
Allright well i appreciate your help . Ill set an appointment. I think pobly the best.
No she doesn't want to hear it she says he's to young and can't make that decision
Because the 440 involves a misdemeanor on a criminal case which would they will not handle
i am the one facing these charges but i dont like the public defender i have and dont agree with the charges against me
With all courts being closed , I'm unsure the steps I need to take proceeding with my troubles
Yes Good morning I would like to inquire if there’s a temporary legal guardianship form committing only for 5 years
okay thank you. do you know if i qualify after 5 years
Now what if I'm on a month to month that probably doesn't matter right?
this would be the 1st matter fact there was an order in 2018 but we had reconcilled at the time
so low cost or sliding scale could be helpful on the list of lawyers
I don't have much time, I leave in March
I agreed to 50% reduction if they were going to address the changes to the office. Are required by law. Are they required by law?
I appreciate your help, I'm one step ahead of where I was and a little less frustrated.
One just turned 21 do have to go through the court for a reduction?
I read this but it doesn't answer if this gaurdianship allows me to receive the check on her behalf to put it in the trust
It seems to me that I only complete "why an order should not be made as follows:" AND "why such relief should be granted:
this is my first time in my life dealing with this situation,  I would like to know how can get help
Could You let me know which situations warrant this? I may qualify
It’s more the specific agreement I’d love to have a person or paralegal review if possible
There is an appeal process, which I have started. I will soon have a hearing.
i need help with a form  for an order to show cause
I cant afford one. Being a level 2 has been life difficult
If the money hadn't been turned over, or she wasn't on Medicaid,  would I need to apply or register to handle her account "estate"?
With quarantine guidelines in place I assume the trying address this quickly will be difficult through the court.
Yes, I’m going to give you a scenario
Hoping this works. Any information about appealing the case?
I honestly am trying to handle this in the best way possible
Oh yes when I star working that's first I want to do
This individual who stole the items is dying.  He only has 2-6 months to live. Does this make a difference on how to handle this?
Yes it hard I'm the only one advocating for him
I would like to know what is the income threshold for a court appointed lawyer?
i was told to go online  to obtain the application to send to my local district for an approval
Yes, nowhere does it speak of a contested case.
i just called , they said they do not handle this kind of issue,
I believe so. I dont know exactly but she doesnt really know anyone, cant drive, and has limited money.
Yes, I have called them as well. It seems a lot of places do not handle this type of matter
Executive orders 202.8, 202.14 and 202.28 all seem to be applicable.
I THINK NOTICE HAS TO BE GIVEN SOMETHING LIKE 20 DAYS IN ADVANCE AND PERSONALLY SERVED. JUST LOOKING FOR CONFIRMATION
yes , this option is better , near me .... Ups . Thank you so much for your help
We earn too much to qualify for services but thank you for the suggestions.
I now know where to go for anymore questions. If your colleagues are anything like you I'm sure I'll be extremely satisfied
