Does it automatically put the father on child support. Because I’m don’t want to put him on child support
How can I cancel the child support I am the non-custody parent?
Yes one to child support and dmv thank you.
I would like legal help to relocate to another state with my child
what if i dont have an address where the child is the mother took the child without a conscent of the father
do i deduct the full cost of children healtcare cost from next childsupport payment?
I need to modify a child support order
If a parent from Michigan is requesting child support and the other parent is in NYS, does the NYS employer have to provide employment verification
Is that the truth. A parent can't take a disabled child off the will
my child father has taken my son and i need to get him back
Child custody but we have joint custody.  The other parent is violating the order
If a mother is denying a father to see his child because he missed a few child support payments what can he do ?
He is an alcoholic n I have a child too who’s minor
i need the form to fill out asking the court to adjust child support due to a change in circumstances
If I have prove the baby’s living with me can the child support get cancel
no , no tengo ninguna demanda en corte sobre child support p
All I want is to be able to provide for my children while going through this
If my ex is willing to take less money in child support will the judge ok it
I have already proven paternity and sent financial support. I am now being accused of abamdonment.
7 years no child support from the father
Due to the virus my job is not open ; I also have childern I take care of as well
only 1 child gets the will, what does the other child's rights
the judge makes up his own formula too.  The formula for child support and maintenance online is fake
Hi Megan - just a question. My husband is refusing to help me financially with our child. Is there anything that can be done?
i'm a children's lawyer at LAS, fyi
RIGHT KNOW I MOVED TO MASS  CAN I TAKE CARE OF THIS SUPPORT DOWN HERE?
Illegal child removal and violation of children and parents civil rights
i have to wait until someone physically hurt my child for the state to protect her?
I have an issue with my child's day care director beacuse she wouldn't refund money for March when corona started and all day cares closed
I need help whit the childsupport ,they just take to much and right now that I’m not working it’s not enough
I want to join hafl cutody of my child
Ok. Ex will remarry soon. is it affect to reduce child suppport as he need more money to live with new wife ? Can he?
I have been homeless due to child support at the present moment I still am I am just currently staying with a friend
Yes also NYS unemployment for child support
I also need to understand whether I am entitled to temporary spousal support since I am a man.
I’m just a non custodial parent that wants to spend time with his child
i dont want childsupport to take out of my paycheck
I want to increase amount of child support also I thought cost of living increase automatically goes in effect after two years
Nys office temporary and disability assistance division of child support enforcement
Send divorce stipulation to SSA (garnishing my child support per my disability)?
I need help finding an attorney to get my children out of foster care
I would like to know if failure to interact in child’s life is grounds for termination of parental rights?
A child care add on has been designated for "childcare"
i want him to go to the adoptive parents untill i can setup a home for hime
Hello. I have a case that's in queens. Child neglect case die to schooling issues
It’s been 4 days she took child no hear Acs went to house she won’t open
Yes looking to ask for for forgives on back child support
I have a child support agreement made during my divorce.  My ex is not keeping up with the agreement at all.
How to report lost money from child suppoet
I want to do ADN without putting the child support
I found child support threw online mail the papers in
i Want to take my sons father off of childsupport and clear his arrears
The financial support that’s promised via the affidavit of support i864
One more question when your done. What about how to cancel a previous child support order?
in the non American passport, there is a not stating that the child is permitted to travel with one or another parent alone
i need help taking some one of childsupport
she has texted him thfree days in a row and called a welfarfe check on  the child who is completgely safe
Laura, has indicated that she has left the state with the child and is on her way to California.
Not one time my child mother got in trouble
Child support it taken everything and I’m on welfare
I couldn't find a link for new child sup. acct.
I changed support order to nyc were I reside
She's on a fixed income and has a minor child
I stopped recieving child support in January
Where can i find forms to become emancipated with parental consent, or do i still need to go to court for that
i need my child support case modified can I do it online
yes Because everytime I go and try and get kore child support they never hear me out and he has a n attorney with him
What are my rights as a non-custodial parent if I am currently disabled and cannot return my child
Oh, sorry, yes—the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction Enforcement Act
Is it possible to get chikd support without a acknowledgement of paternity?
Hi! Can one make a guardianship order in NY for a child in another country non-US citizen?
im looking for help on child relocation
I have an agreement for my ex to cover all children with insurance until age 26 and to split the copay expenses.
I need help getting child support modified
In regards to a current custodial arrangement but violation for a parent that is not looking out for their child's best interest
I have a question,  i will like to cancel my child support
*child support from my son's dad is what I meant in the begining
Child was in mothers custody no previous order was in place.  But mother has abandoned the child courts were never notified.
I was under the impression that abuse means you lose rights to the child automatically
the child has left the state, and if something is not done immediate, i don't know what else i can possible do
can i cancel my child support order right now with the court closed
Hola cómo presentar declaración de child support
Hi, I am the custodial parent and need advice about getting a default support order vacated.
I need a order of my child support case so I can get temporary assistance at olean,ny
An i need help getting a restraining order and divorce and some kind of child support
Is the non custodial parent allowed to take the child out of state without permission from the parent
The children were removed by child Protective services and placed in our custody
the father of the children has not given me a check in 3 months
Two child support orders because I am on SSI
My Gradaughter was placed in Foster care because of severe abuse and neglect by her mother
How do I change my minor child name. Father has been absent from her life past 4 years and his whereabouts are unknown for consent.
how take my daaughther out her father insurance since he lives out ny states and  increase child support
hello how do i apply for childsupport in nyc with the covid situation
Can i cancel my child support order right now
i dont know how to have my support order modified because i havent been working for 12 yrs because of tramatic brain issue
how will they help me if I can’t even make it out the door with my child
I have had a child at 3 days old mom gave me all papers on child child is 2 I want custody
I have a disabled child and an existing child support order. I’m looking for assistance regarding health insurance and his extensive medical needs.
It's a form for child safety due to a negligent parent
Do I need to go to court to allow the non-custodial parent to have take my child for a year
18 months and no child abuse but spousel
in my county how would I go about cancelling a child support order?
My drivers licences is not valid due arrears on child support how to renstate
one other child is his, we have two children together
How to I find help regarding abandonment of a child laws?
MOTHER IS TAKING CHILD OUT OF STATE I NEED HELP
Against wayne county ny child protective servies
My lawyer sent a certified letter to Westchester County office of child support enforcement with the checks.
I  signed the AOP form years ago and would like to challenge it because i have not been allowed to see the child
No not really I am not looking to appeal  my child support I am just looking to ways of getting affordable insurance
Need forms for child support reduction due to being furlough
I need a child support modification form. Also I need help wit getting into family courts to dismiss all my areas
one of my children was emancipated since last JULY
Just want to find out how to cancel my child support
need information about spouse support/ separation from spouse
Hi. We need info on temporary child custody
I would like to know how do I find on the website the form to change my child supporrt case?
In what circumstances can the state take the child away
I am looking for private faculty or who’s I talk to about Supervise to my child while father is out there to visit.
Yes.. Child custody both parties are in agreement but would like to keep it pit of court if we can
finally court dismissed that case plus i filled child supports
I need help and assistance....I currently have 2 childsupport orders in the Bronx
We’ve been disgusted discriminated humiliated from our child’s ex therapist, she reported us for sexual abuse to CPS of our daughter.
Good afternoon I just wanted to know what can I do to lift my child support sanction at public assistance
Hi. The father of my child has not lived or supported with us since June
Due to pandemic loss of wages is that  change of income for a support modification
Due to the corona virus became unemployed. Cant afford child support payments what can i do.
I need help applying for half custody or visitations and a modification of my child support because my income level is below poverty
If I legally I have custody of my daughter can her mother take me for child support ?
The father of my daughter is refusing to sign her passport form because i put him on child support
Now that am stable and I have a house for them I want my children back
okay quiero hacer una remodificacion del child support quiero cancelarlo
have a question about NY Child support enforcement
are there attorneys that represent the child pro bono? because i am retired and cant afford a lawyer.
If a child support order is from the supreme court and I want to have that order changed how do I go about it?
Can i be appointed a lawyer for childsupport being as though i can not afford one
I was wondering how can I file for modification on a child support Im on that I cannot afford because I am not workin
Need legal advice on how to speak to housing on behalf of a parent who now resides in a nursing facility.
Is this something that can have a solution because if the child is mine im a responsible person.
no one can make her return my child without a court order right?
no this is administrative child protective services department of homeless services
Im trying to find the correct form to cancel my child support case against my daughter father
He nor I have any assets that would need to be split. But we do have a child in common.
i would like to take my child untill the prceeedings
Also what is Temporary Order of Support & Referral to Support Magistrate form?
I have recently loss my job do to COVID -19 last month and I need to figure out how to adjust my child support payments
child support garnish my bank account
So technically there is a chance the court might say the child stays in FLa?
My child is Emancipated he is working a full time job and is 20 years old
I need help with a nychild support modifacation
And the child support enforcement agency has exhausted all options
as a parent do I have to cover my child’s health insurance to age 26
How can I cancel a request of modification of child support.
I need motion to vacate child support order.  Where is it ?
- I Came On BHere Because I Need Help On Seeing My Child Again .
I wanted to know how do I get a new legal aid for my child that is under 5
hi I need a paper from court which will say the court is relinquishing or declining jurisdiction over the child
When i paid my childsupport in full i sopke to someone that told me i was supposed to be reimbursed some money
I need help at least with childsopurt i would like the grandma to get the money for now
My children and I were forced to go on public assistance
I need to get my temporary order to the police to get my kids
I am having a.problem trying to get through to childsupport helpline in regards to my payment being posted for this month
She is withholding the child and dictating my time with the child
Needed to prove abuse by father. No free legal services as they do not cover father on child abuse. Including sex abuse
I am looking for legal aid with an incident with child abuse/neglect
Will chllid support collection office stop the deduction the money form my pay check or I MUST go to court to stop it?
I have offered for the child to live in my home.  However I am afraid of what repercussions I could get myself into.
No legal matters at this . Human Resources/ Public Assistance / Snap, Cash Assistance
I need help enforcing child support.  My ex has changed the amount illegally
Can a social worker discuss what 1 parents choices with another parent during an ivestigation
Okay they do have a child but no assets or anything to split
There is a temporary order in place since the DSs did an illegal adoption that was recently annulled
I was wondering if he can try to take my child,, though he is in the wrong and threatened us
NYS child support collection agency
I'm looking for a form from support to cancel it as my child is emancipated.
Because the abuser is my child father who is refusing to return my child to me and I need help
i have a childsuport orden i need speak we some one to help me
Thank you,I've tried I live in FLA and they don't help with child support,it's quite sad I've been through the wringer
I am not working as of March 18th...our preschool program was shut down
Muchísimas gracias de verdad se lo agradezco. De casualidad usted no sabe si un trabajador social me podría ayudar con el papeleo de child support
hey i was told to come to this sit and print out a form to get a court order for childsupport
He is trying to modify the original order of child support.
The form i received is from NYC OCSE, MEDICAL SUPPORT UNIT
Hola es José reyes nesecito una modificación de  chow Support  cómo puedo aserlo por que la corte están serada
If a parent has full custody of a child can they still be entitled to child support
i would like o modify my child support order
there’s lots of verbal abuse and in front of a child
I was in the process of moving since I fear for my child's life as well as mine
I don't need help with child support
My attorney for my foster care case provided a letter stating i needed single room placement and medical was provided but they wont place me
I need the judge a prouve papers from child support
i understand but i have custody and the child support is still being taken out of my check and sent to the dad in california
I need to petition my son’s father for lack of payment for Childsupport since last September. I spoke to Childsupport today
how can i move to have forfeited bail from a support violation applied to child support arrears
Child Support Hotline is not a good resource
and the grandmother wants me to give her the childsupport money because the daughter is not being responsible and providing for him
I would like to emancipate 2 children off child support
Can I file Emergency OSC requesting reducing the amount of child support because I am unemployed living off of food stamps?
CPS, MCSO, MCSO Supervisor, CPS Supervisor, Missing Exploited Children
If i knw my child mother is into drugs is it possiable to keep the chils away from thete mother
Yes CPS is CHILD PROTECTION SERVICES.
Hello my name is Kassandra i wanted to know where i have find the application for childsupport
I would like to make the process as amicable as possible without any inconvenience or hardship to our children
Fíjese q mi ex pareja no me deja ver a mi hija ...pero ya estoy dando chile support
How do I go about changing my address on my child custody paperwork
grasias  tengo problrmas con el child suport y no puedo pagar la cantidad solicitada porque no tengo recursos ni trabajo
I don’t have a job no more so I need to go to court to change the child support order
Hi, My ex filed a support order. I can’t afford an attorney. Would I qualify for a court appointed attorney? Court in Yonkers.
I really can't afford an attorney. I need legal counsel regarding child support and restoring my driving privileges
Hello, I would like to cancel my child support. What is the process for that
a DIY Form for child support reduction
How do I get a child support order modified in Supreme Court ?
This is Regarding Denial In  Eligibility for SSI  Benefits for my child and some sort of representation and  assistance for my child
but ive been getting charged from childsupport and i havent worked in years
Y mande el pago del childsupoort lo mandé a alvany
My daughter is an addict. Currently in a program. She had another child 10 months ago.
looking for a mediator not to expensive for a divorce and child custody
He is stating he cannot afford our mortgage and give me child-support
There isn’t i can’t agree to what’s being asked from me as far as my child goes .
it’s no longer about Childsupport but “Childsupport enforcement support”
i would like to petition the court for a historical child support arrears. To negotiate a lump sum settlement
Modification of a support order due to change in employment and income
Hi i really want to change my childsupport payment
I currently have cort orered child support, I also am unempolyed due to the virus
I would like a form or info regarding a form on how to reduce my child support
