That's OK I really appreciate your help. It  has been a tough few months trying to wrap my head around this.
My father is trying to take me do small claims court for a $5,000 CD that was in my name that I cashed.
like a say I try to call I went there notting
i tried to read up on this in NY housing law, but it seemed open to interpretation
ok thank you.  His father is trying to get him so he cant go home.  Can he do that?
Good morning I am trying to find out if their is way to get a copy of a coustody agreement from many years ago ?
Ok, thanks, I'll try and get a hold of one
I think thats it, thanks. Now i have to try cut and paste. Wish my hands worked better
I'm sure you could imagine how difficult it is in NY trying to figure all this out during the shut down!
i guess I need to try and get full custady
I am trying to get my devorce from last year and I am not hearing any thing
Am actually trying to get representation for my fiance who is in jail
I am just trying to do the right thing,  but bureaucracy and current circumstances with the Covid virus make matters extremely difficult.
I have a horrible feeling that he's trying to run us out
Thank you for your help. Are you in the same office with Gina whom tried to help me yesterday?
Try tgexvolunter for the day program  it didn't  help me at all.
In the process of trying to get security and the AIDS help
i guess i am just frustrated and trying to understand why some adoptions take longer than other
I try tht befor they can't really help me
I'm not sure. I was working on trying to find the current status yesterday evening and emailed the NY State comptroller.
I just tried after your response....bronx, kings and NY. No results.
trying to find step parent adoption papers
I'm trying to get some court documents on a civil case from 2009
trying to get temporary custody of my god daughter have not been able to contact her custodial parent  for 6 months
But i try to do.it online cant go trough
I’m trying to find a lawyer for an incarcerated person who was sexually assaulted inside of jail
my  13 year old daughter is in a psychiatric facility and her father is attempting to obstruct  in her care
I'm trying to get mind lower
I'm trying to look for legal services regarding an incident my son had at his school
i have 3 counts I'm trying to seal and i put them all on the same page. do you think that could be why
I was on the ecourts site but couldn't figure out how to lookupp my case
First , spanish is my lenguage , but i try do't in engllish.
Yes, I'm trying to confirm her name
I’ve just been at such a loss on trying to figure everything out
For some reason they will not open. Going to try to copy and paste
The cops aren’t doing anything I hve tried
Hi. I’m trying to find information on guardianship
my son and his mother moved out of NY and I am trying to find the forms to file
Can you tell someone you are trying to serve them papers if you are unable to locate them
Hello, I’m trying to figure out what forms and information I may need to go about termination of parental rights
I need help because cps are not trying to give me my son back
I currently represent my self so im just trying to figure out my next options
I'm not sure. Would that be the path to follow? I'm trying to steer him in the right directions far as looking for legal help.
You have to direct it to the correct person withing the overall commission of correction
My son needs a lawyer because he is supposed to graduate this year and the district is trying to push him out
Thank you. I have tried the Mobilization for Justice. They go by your income.
I’m trying to see if I have a case or not with a injury that occurred from a defective food product
yes and am trying to find the forms so i can file
im trying to get the GF-40 form in spanish
I'm trying to complete the online forms
Ok, I'll try and figure this out. Thank you for everything. :)
Hi David, I'm trying to find some information about a Writ of Replevin
I am trying to find my index number to see if my response was updated in Supreme Court evections
Good evening I'm trying to get my case thrown away being that the original name on the case the person is deceased
I don’t know how to get to the page I’ve been trying
I can't keep a job and I'm struggling to finish school
If I’m trying to file a claim against my local sled division how would I go about doing so?
I have even gone to the sheriff's department and tried to get their help but she's telling lies and making it difficult.
I was just disconnected. I have a temporary order against my bf and want it dropped I am trying to get information regarding that
thanks much .... i was trying to think of the name of LIFT to contact
Don't hang up...I am trying to cut and paste it into a document!  :)
I’m trying to get help for a DWI ticket .  At the time of getting stop I was off my vehicle and walking ,
i apologize i'm simply trying to be efficient
He says that im refusing work the position they are trying to give needs more experience and certification in a bunch of different things
Trying to find housing codes I think
Hello, my gf's been trying to find an appointed attorney but the websites and phone numbers seem to be completely inactive
Trying to figure out how to sign my rights away and how to go about it
I have a quick question,just trying to see if I need to get legal help
Im trying to get information about an order of filiation on consent
We are trying to find a lawyer who's gonna represent us in Staten Island
I hard about you guys so I'm trying to see my boys
No just trying to figure out how to go about addressing it formally
Hi I’m trying to get a state or federal documentation stating who I am for arbor housing and development
I don't know I havent tried anything yet.
I'm just not sure where to begin on trying to help her.
I am trying to file for a sex offender level reduction
I'm trying to find information on supervised visitation and supervisor responsibilities
My foster care agency isn’t helping me get out of care but rather trying to push me out of care
scu. The pandemic it is hard where to go and how to file now. Been trying till I got to you.
i will try thanks really need to know if they can lock me out tuesday 21 st
YES IM JUST TRYING TO GET COPIES OF WHAT I PAY
Thank you.  Omg thank you! I’ve tried finding and I can’t.
hey tried the lift it keeps hanging up is there anyway to get someone from lift
im trying to find old court paperwork
No I am trying to find out how to take the steps with NY
Am trying to get all necessary information how to go about it
I have been trying to contact the Elmira office via phone, but cannot seem to get through
i co signed for a car im trying to to switch it over to the other person who is the insured driver
it is for loan that I am paying, trying to collect a debt
Thank you for what you done so far. I can breath again been holding my breath all along lol
I actually tried this one, and it only applies to a parent. The program led me to exit since I am not the parent.
I am trying to not lose my mind.. any good suggestions?
Hi I’m trying to disclaim a penalty from unemployment department
They trying to get me on wire tape not drugs was ever caught
Ok Thank you. What i meant is the second marriage with 1 son is trying to take property, vehicle, ect
Thank you for searching! I've also tried searching.
Hey. I’m trying to figure out what form I need to file.
That caused a series of damages to the above stated address. To attempt to make the house unlivable.
OK and while they are trying to mediate the situation who is allowed in the room
So their lawyer are trying to move this case into E-filing
I want to know if the court is open for married register because i tried to call nobody is answering?
Would bank try to keep ot?
afraid if I try to go back I’ll lose you
Hi.   I am filing forms for a small estate claim and am trying to find the EPT 1.1 form online.
Ok ... I’ll try to be as concise as possible
Undecided trying to find the best way to solve this
No thank you. That’s all I was trying to figure out. Have a great weekend!
I'm trying to get a certified  copy of my court order
i am there already, just seems to be a maze trying to find your way throuhh
Oswego county trying to help wiywh u d house back log but seem more trying to help
I’m just trying to figure out how to get it started and who do I get ahold of
I'm trying to take 2 judges to court
Ok. Thanks. I must go now. Trying to get walk in before rain.  Cooped up all day...losing my mind
Thank you. My fault but i'm trying to fix it and make it right
im tryna find a order to show cause
Hi I am trying to file a complaint with a business that has not paid me
as I've said she's trying to venue shop
so now I’m trying to see if wit the lawyer on my case I think she would move faster
Okay.  Thanks.  I was trying to figure put the forms on the website do these people can help?
My son has been wrongfully convicted years ago  I have been trying to get help for him and noone helps
I guess. I’m trying to file diy filing but i don’t see anything for relocating
my baby father came to my apartment he broke the door and he tried to kill me the police found him chocking me
I am tryin to do an adult adoption and there doesn’t seem to be a way to do it
I do not need an answer tonight but just trying to network to see if I can ever find some help.
Trying to watch my mom for a year really
I am trying to get repairs done and my landlord will not cooperate and i cannot reach a code enforcement officer
Trying to get back up to Lift info so I can start somewhere now
I was tryna file a modification for 3 kids. I was tryna figure out how to do that
OK how do i figure out if there is a warrwnt indeed at this point.
Am trying to find out what court in NY this action is located.
yes, we have a sentence. I would like to try mediation
i tried calling basically all the numbers for nyc dol
Hi try call the court nobody picking up
Don't need any more stress as it is...we tried to make it work but it's just not.
yes, i tried, i responded to attorney letter regarding collecting the debt-- the amount was wrong.  didn't hear back.
im trying to get resources for her to make an action plan so she can get stable housing
Thank you.Do I sue him and the grandmother....to try to collect for damages to my vehicle.
I try to find my divorce with my Index Number 327919 and I can't find it
I was trying to find printable order to show cause forms for sodus NY
now I am ready to file and show that I have tried everything to locate him
hello I'm trying to get a lawyer
My name is Edward potanovich  I am trying to become my own payee  cause the one I have now is not doing his job
her biological father, my exhusband has not seen her, nor tried to see her during this time
I’m sorry to bother I’m just trying to figure things out
Hello, I’m trying to find out what I need to do to get my money back from the city in these times?
it was about an hour ago, they were just trying to find some more information for me
thx anyway. I’ll keep trying. Goodbye. Sorry to whine so much.
I've read that already. I am trying to find a specific petition for it, or at least a blueprint
I have been trying to contact lawyers for 2 weeks and haven't got any response
This wasn't a cop it was a DHS security officer who was trying to prove he was above the law
I’m trying to file a writ online on my phone how do I file
I am unsure how to go about the following. I am going to try to condense it as much as possible.
I am trying to find a duces tecum subpeona
I am trying to file a guardianship form but I don’t know where and how to start.
Trying to find out evictions without leases...
I've talked to them and they still believe that they're right so do I just try to go to housing court?
I'm trying to get copies of the birth certificates of my mother and grandfather. It sounds like I need a court order to do that
Hello, I'm trying to find out some information
I feel like they ACS is trying to convince me I’m
Hi im trying to figure out my emergency benefits
So I'm trying to get help in nyc
Yes there is however creating the account it states an error takes place
we all fear she is actively trying not be found or flee the country, it is very real possibility
i am trying too get a loss pend on a property
Excuse me I have MS and I am trying to gather my thoughts
As much as you can provide would be great. I've been trying for the past year to get things straighten out
Hi Don, Mark here. I'm a 65 YO male who recently tried to purchase a car in Staten Island. I live in Manhattan.
I'm trying to figure out how to get an emergency food
they r trying to put a lien on her house for it.
Tried calling on hold 1/2 hr
I'm trying to prep my response and I'm not an attorney
Hi. I m trying to find paperwork for a NY state seperation
I'm try to file a order filiation
okay. I’m trying to figure out how to condense this and let it make sense
Just trying to find out about process only see above question
I have been trying to get it reviewed for FIVE YEARS
I tried to mediate the sessions but he refuses to cooperate
i am trying to seal my past criminal records. I sent in the paper work and they said it was improper
hI my name is Victoria I was chatting with a rep earlier we got disconnected I was trying to e-file
I am currently going through something and trying to get some legal assistance
no thank you, just reached a dead end. I guess I'll just keep trying on my own
Im trying to sue section 8 housing
the link takes me to an error page "Sorry, but the page you are trying to view does not exist."
no im just trying to get legal papers to move out at 17
next week i will be unemployed so i'm trying to find out my options.
I do not want my door kicked in because of lack of info.  I am trying to comply
I'm forced to bang on walls and ceilings to try stopping them and I can't .The running is driving my insane.
Gotta try b4 I die
And xt ennant is trying to sue me says he fell through a hole in the floor
I have tried and  tried to get a  lawyer in  our area
I tried the ny Legal Assistance hot line
Uts saying my session expired when I try to retrieve document to print
landlord has been made aware of issues also and has also tried with law enforment cause these neighbors ar also harrassing her
My license is suspended in town of esopus and I’m unable to appear to answer ticket
Thank you. I tried calling the clerk and emailing. I haven't gotten anywhere
im saying I’m trying to get the father involved now
Trying to pull up the Small Estate Affidavit form, but can't
We don't know, we only have the mans name (father) so we are trying to locate the case
I am trying to figure out if something is illegal or legal to do
I don’t participate in that activity I just don’t know how they would see my face I’m confused
All I want is to be a father...Rebecca vigo she's trying to take that from me..
Ok imma gonna try now
Is there anything I can file to get my case heard? He is trying to alienate me.
I'm looking for legal representation in Schenectady county.  My husband is filing for a divorce and trying to figure out the next step
I'm trying to find q form to complete a QDRO
I am having trouble figuring out the correct CSMS number (I have two different ones)
Ok great. I will try calling the Legal Aid Bureau of Buffalo.  trying to get the ball rolling for when things reopen.
I'm trying to avoid paying a lawyer for a simple filing.
thank u am in tears now trying to figure out what to do please help me
404 error came up while trying to sign the privacy policy
I’m trying to find out if someone filed for letters of administration
Anyway I'll try another operator
I'm trying to get a free lawyer for the process
Yes I’m try to get my driving license back
I tried but nothing came in recording it as to be near ceiling.
I'am so glad you're here to help. I was going crazy trying to find those forms
No I don't I have no idea, I still new to fatherhood and I tryna to learn how the system works
I got some papers and I think my landlord is trying to get me out
I'm trying to file for Financial Hardship
Sheesh. I can try, I’m getting a little impatient people keep directing me to other places.
Hi I was trying to find the DIY G17 on the NY Queens web site but see it
Hi I want to file a motion for enforcement I've been trying to find the documents to fill pit and can't find it
im am trying to enter a new one
