Okay How about insurance and lower child support
Can you tell me what website I can go to for Jefferson County New York State for a form for support modification
what is the child support regulation/law for a child over 21 attending college?
I have a question if both parents live outside of the state of New York does New York Child support has jurisdiction
can i recieve child support while i’m pregnant?
I am looking for free if possible advice on how to handle a federal disability situation involving the USPS and OWCP and now SS.
what is the normal procedure to ask for temporary child support in family court?
will child get those benefits and for how long? 18 or 221?
I am looking into a modification for child support. Will I have to pay $25 fee every year after that?
question regarding the child support in Connecticut State
The county would be dutchess  county and just a basic spousal support form. I don't think there is a specific form for that.
Ok thank you I’m trying to call support but no answer
I'm trying to find information on child support adjustments.
Would I be able to receive child support?
are there any free attorneys for child support and visitaion cases?
Good afternoon: I just need assistance in how to go about asking a child support modification. My son is 18 and now back home.
I am owed 24000 in child support arrears. Can I forgive a partial amount or must it be all?
I'm trying to get information to file for Modification on Child Support.  I would like to end the arrears on the case.
I owe child support,  I'm having a hard time catching up & I  was  told about the cola program
I’m wondering if I go to put myself on child support how does that work
this page refers to modifying child support
And Child support he saying I owe arrears
id like to cancel child support case against my son's father. I can't seem to find the forms and instructions.
Free would be nice. We are willing to support them in any way necessary, but lawyers are expensive!
hello I want to file a request for support collection unit services
I would like to get an appointment with attorney about divorce and child support process
4 years haven’t seen the child no contact is that considered actively
What is the statue of limitations for child support in New York State
I need a maintenance support form, I am representing myself and only need that 1form
Yes, I understand. One last thing, could you please give me the phone number or other contact info to the Child Support Collection Unit?
I need to know who I can contact with questions around a child being away for military training and child support payments continuing.
where can i find online a petition to file for custody and establish child support
how can I go about filing a petition for child support for my daughter that resides with me and the mother resides in another state?
What the Child Support LIFT phone number?
Need to discontinue child Support payments for 21 year old son?
i need to get the forms for modifying child support
hello I am looking to file a child support order , wondering what is the first step
can a couple that married and live together still receive child support ?
I tried to contact the child support office but they don’t have personal working by phone.
i need some info about adult protective services.
Should I visit the clerk or support department for clarification?
is there any definitive term to explain one parent excluding the other parent from the child?
Suffolk County.  This is about money owed to child support.
Hi I would like some information about child support
i dont' think that is the form i need. I don't need to change the support itself?
looking for a pro  bono Lauro help establish visitation and an order of support.
We were told if child takes a break, we are no longer obligated.  Child failed out of college because he simply didn't attend class.
i havd court ordered child support
yes I'm a potential foster parent
Thank you very much for your support. I think these will help.
Hello . I need a  copy child support  recorded documents  from court Bronx New York
i have a family case and child sport . i would like to get a loyer
Im trying to close my case in child support i left message with nassau Suffolk no response
Hello i want to know what is the follow after they give you a child support account number?
also what’s the website for support collection unit
She doesnt work full time, she lives practically rent free, and she cant demonstrate she can support herself
one more. If the support  doesn't stop and goes beyond, is she obligated to give it back? Will family court help?
Hi I am filling out the NY uncontested divorce packet and I am confused about things pertaining to custody and child support
i need the number to the support collections unit.
My son aged out for child support. I need a support modification form and I was wondering which one I need?
I am trying to get a summary of my child support payments and outstanding balance
Also that but also need the financial support
i have a open child support case in queens
thank you. Im beyond frustrated that he didnt have money for child support but just put a loan on a brand new car.
I would like to continue by asking you where the order of spousal support is
I haven't recieved any documents from the child support agency
I never been in front of a Judge, only a support hearing Officer who is Not a Judge,
Send divorce stipulation to Suffolk County Child Support Unit?
visitation expenses are grounds for reduction in child support right?
I need to know what will happen to the child support
Hello. I'm wondering if family court is open to the public for child support modification or can I do it online?
I was never ordered to pay child support payments but it shows I owe back child support why
If there are other people involved as far as keeping the child away from me, how should I proceed?
Hi there - can I ask you about child visitation issues in Queens ?
Hey , I have some questions regarding child support.
i was told in new york youcan  go for child abandondment if a parent has made no contact in over 6 months
Did I understand it correctly that “vacate money judgement on default” meant to cancel the child support he owed in the past?
My son is in college but is turning 21 thus december 18. Does support end at age 21 or continue through college?
I have two kids and paying child support to one of them it’s 22 at what age do child support stop
We have had a rocky relationship but I was always part of my child's life at all times
Hi was just wondering where I send my form of support modification to
I read on my courts that the cost of living support increase can be done without Cory - do you know how?
yesid like to cancel child support case against my son's father. I can't seem to find the forms and instructions.
Can you tell me what age child support should stop?
can you help me with questions about my child support case?
Hi! Earlier today, I was directed to https://www.childwelfare.gov/pubPDFs/f_step.pdf for information on stepparent adoption for same-sex couples
No it was handled at the NY Interstate office for child support.  I guess it was filed in Manhattan, but not really sure!
I need a copy (pdf is ok) of my child support order.
I’m looking for information regarding child support
I would like to submit documents stating that the child has been in my costady
I mean obviously he will need to be responsible but by doing this will it be child support through court order at 16?.
hello, I have some questions about child support that I pay.
I already found the child support papers
Yes I have five with a foster parent in one with a family member
At child support hearing. Can I question the petitioner?
go can I get a free lawyer to represent me in a modification of a child support case?
Is child support considered a nonessential matter?
I'm friend had advised to do child support through welfare since I have snap and once had temporary assistance
I was filling out the violation petition form but it kept asking about children and support. This isn't about child support.
How can I go about getting a new child lawyer for my daughter?
I need information on how to get joint custody of my children along with put myself on Child support.
I want to know how i can go about getting a original support order that was filed in westchester county
Hello! I want to know if Veterans Disability Benefit is considered as income for child support? Thanks!
yes, i am looking for information about the child victims act
yess   i have   child support  i dont have my  id  and i need it.
I am wondering what forms I need to file for cost of living increase regarding child support
I am confused, I was told that child support is in family court
Help with a case involving child neglect.
if I’m suppose to appear in court for a child support case tomorrow, do I still attend even with this corona virus?
I have a child support case so I need to schedule a court hearing
Would you know if there are services in schenectady county ny to represent someone in a child support court case?  And are there income requirements.
I tried them in the past they said they don't help with support modification
she want to make a new one for child support
hi i need to know if there the support office in Syracuse , ny is open
Got it. Can you also help me a bit to understand how child support payment amounts are decided?
can you tell me what form i can use for a child support modification for the non custodial parent
I would like to know if a civil rights lawyer would support me with this matter??
I'm looking help to handle a child support case
I have joint legal custody of our two children and primary physical custody primarily for school and residency purposes. Am I entitled to child support
I am living in Florida and was told   the child and mother is living in florida  more than 10 years now
I was wondering if there was a way to find out my child support court date online?
Bronx family court, for child support.
Support in tn. Can u still help
Child services needs to investigate why her school allows her to come to school in pampers and why no one did anything about it
I have some questions regarding child support modification.
I would like to know if I'm file for back child support dating back to 1960.
Can you tell me if family court is scheduling child support hearings?
Good morning. I am a self represented respondent in a Child Support case in Queens Family Court.
Hello im just reaching out in regads to 3  support orders that has been attached to me throught my incarceration! until now
I have gotten laid off and I am wondering about my child support payments?
And I forgot I would like to file for back child support as well
I was wonder who I'd have to contact or what to do to have my mother pay me my part of child support. I'm 18
Can you tell me when the cases for child support will be available?
child does attend college as far as we know....
The reason I hired a lawyer, is so I could get my back child support
Any free legal attorney for Chad support
Now I have questions about child support now I'm not working and the kids are not with anymore
I do not know how to proceed. I thought the order terminating support would have addressed the health insurance portion as well
I have a support lawyer I was just thinking maybe research will I wait to hear back from frem.
I told him that.  H owes $3000 in child support and I told him I will not hold him liable for that
I just need to know if support includes the medical payments?
Modifying child support and vacate the dna
The child support order is in Kings County, NY.
Is there any information on bringing in a child born outside the country while having children in care?
special needs means a child has some kind of disability
If im being investigated by Child Protection Services Is that considered an active case? Or is it considered pending
I would like to know if I can reopen a child support case
Thanks. Is there a form that I can use for child support modification? I was told there was a DIY Form.
I Need To Submit Documents Online To Court With Proof I Cant Pay Child Support How Do I Go About That ?
I just ask u about the modification of child support  website I'm  in the Bronx ny
I'm looking for the child support modification form
I need to lookup the docket number for my child support from family court from back in 2000.
The judge signed off on the uncontested divorce agreement which included information like child support, custody, holiday visits etc
one more question. for child support. does the judge consider other children when claculating child support or no?
The other party claims to have another child and an unstable job
I go to NAMI support group here in INDIANA.
I need to find a docket number in child support case. I have the defendant father’s name.
It takes how long to reply me about my child support filling online?
I asked my lawyer for child support and he said no my son is an adult
Married, a divorce is underway but my husband is stalling on it and am in need of support. It is not official yet.
Will I get a second stimulus if I owe child support
he now owes a lot of money in child support and needs to get legal help to figure out his options
I am not sure what it would be considered.  Is it a violation of support?
It's related to the time frame in which we are allowed to introduce the kids to a significant other
I want to know if he has to help me with child support?
child  relocation  to a different state. i no longer wish to pursue it. how can i close the case
ok thank you so much. I really value the support you gave me today.
Child support owe me money that they been holding
Good evening, when can I file child support case in New York City
Sorry...$400 less in child support this month
“as a result of the respondents violation of the support order, respondent owes ___”
Is there ever a case where child support could or would be extended pass the age of 21?
What is the process for termination of a child support order?
just information about know your rights, support etc...
if the custodial parent agrees to stop the child support, how can they stop it
Should I attempt to go to the court hearing or notify the courts that he is really responsible for child support payments payments
And yes reduce my support until I am back to work
Child support is asking for too much money and I don't have that I only get ssi
I spoke to the Child Support beaureau on the phone and they said they are not taking new violations
they want information on how am supporting myself and my child but am in the system of dss
Hi. I need child support for my son. Where do I go to begin the process?
Lost my job and need assistance preparing paperwork for modification of child support
Need a form to stop a child support
in this case i am the non custodial parent pertaining to my daughter
I wanted to find out some information. About child support
I have a case in buffalo NY,  and I need to  find a dyi forms for modification of child support.
I need help with a family court case in regards to child custody
Hi.. yes please i need the phone number to speak with some representative of child support.. because i need to close my case
I was wondering how I get go about getting a modification to my current child support payments
My sons father lives out of state and our child started school we do not have set days but I have primary
And I want to know how to start a child support on him
my daughter just true 21yrs I'm not working and she in college and i need to continue get child support for her
The support case has been moved to supreme Court and the date has been set for 3/25
I have a court date, in Cayuga county for child support
But he meant that the court will not make him provide half when he can place the child on his insurance
Hi, I am wondering how to file a child support payment adjustment after being unemployed due to coronavirus
Can you help me calculate spousal support amount?
i understand that the child support amount is 29% for 3 kids.  is that 29% of both salaries?
Would you also find the form for the upward modification of child-support for custodial parent Westchester County?
my son will be emancipated in May 28th of this year. How do I inform the courts about terminating child support?
hello. I have a court date scheduled for this week and my documents were misplaced. It is a child support case in kings county Brooklyn.
Is the child support enforcement unit open during the pandemic?
I need to ask a question regarding child support.
I am tryin to file a violation of child support n wondering how many pages are there
Hey! I would like to get any information where can I get a help for gay people at NY? I mean psychologist or support groups.
i have two children on child support one turns 21 do i have to do anything
It is not Child Support. It is additional Expenses that are unreimbursed per the divorce order
i have some questions about child support, when the child is an american citizent but lives outside the country.
Hello, I need info/link for the 50 hours pro bono for law students
i owe  arrears to my child's mother but she does'nt want them anymore cause we have a Agreement in place.
I need the link to down load spouses support forms
Need           Child support  modification form
What are my options?  She clearly is being supported by someone, and I want the court to rule fairly
Hello I filed a petition for child support online and have not heard back yet. Are they still backed up do you know?
I'm confused on how the laws work pertaining to child support reimbursement
I pay my x through online checking and what do I have to file if any for end of support
Nine children are involved and I just want to be free
Okay so I will try and rephrase. Can I ask the court to look into changing  my child support?
I have been named as a respondent in a division of human rights case and can’t find representation that I can afford
Hello I live in NY I owe back child support my kids are 23 my check is garnished bi weekly
is the family court accepting new child support cases
In November I asked the child support to download it and they said no
I need a link to start a child support case
No. He said he wouldn’t address any temporary custody or support or alimony. He wanted me represented first.
I just want to know when is my child support court date
And being left alone for hours on in. I need help getting my children safe with me
I have several questions concerning family law/child support
the child support case was done in NY,Bronx
I have child support and I own alot i don't have social security before
i will like to drop child support case yes
At the support collection unit at 3455 veterans highway
Hello, Good Afternoon, I’m want to know if you provide free representation in court for a child support case ?
I have a child support order in Albany and Schenectady county. I would like a copy of each
Im looking to get help with filing a modification petition to extend child support
She is living in a small room with the child and new boyfriend
Fantastic.  Do you know if dad is responsible for college costs if child started, but then took a year off?
The back support will just about cover my legal costs.
I thought Child Support and Custody are 2 different things... is that right?
Hi can u tell me where can I find to print child support documents
I'm lost.. untill what age can i still get child support??
I need to get legal advice regarding child support
Thanks - I did a search and couldn't find.  Am good with technology, but only found child support forms.
hello how do i put in a order to vacate and restore to calendar online for child support?
Hi i live in Yonkers and i want to get information about filing for child support
To my knowledge I only knew child support unit reviews that not department of labor
Hi Phillip! Is child support suspended during a modification hearing?
is child representation offered by the courts? if so, is there an age requirement?
only juvenile delinquent cases not support cases
Good morning I was just wondering how I can get a copy of a support order
i've watched some of your videos on youtube and understand the general outline of things - paternity, support, custody
Ok thank you so much. My last question is did I do anything illegal by taking the child over state lines?
I have 3 children that are currently in the foster care system.
I need help for my child support case modification!
My  main concern is: I don't want to owe child support.
Yes I was wondering about the information of the process towards the end of child support my son is 18 now
but I don’t know how many day should I allow him to see the child
I have tried calling the child support helpline and it says everyday this week that the office is closed
Are child support cases reviewed after an order has been made?
I would like to know what kind of support or what can be done about  other employees on a construction site where I work
is sports equipment part of playing the sport or is it considered part of child support expense
How do I see how much I owe in child support ?
I was wondering if there was a link for the child support COLA
hi i found for child support when my son was 2 was told i have to do pateriny part first
Hi! I went online and completed a form for support. I don't know if it was received, or if I did it right.
should i call the child support collection unit?
And I live in New York . I would like child support from him...
i need the form to close the child support case please
i want to close the child support services for my daugther
I am looking for a family court lawyer to help with a child custody case.
Can i know how to reschedule a child support court date
I have called  child support helpline many times and I have email them many times and no response back
He also owes over $7000 in child support
Also, do retroactive payments begin at the same time the child support payments start?
my daughter has an order for support for her college tuition, but I have learned that she is not enrolled in school as of 2019.
Hello, I am wondering if there is a printable version of the Modification for Child Support form?
For child support in Seminole county Florida.
Hello I need to get a list of all the dates that attended child support court in westchester
I need help locating a form Order of Support On Consent
I was told the child support went into default due to failing to appear for a court date that I was never notified of
Hi I’m wondering if there a way to dropped the child support case?
Any resources that can help support clients with finding legal representation regarding child support?
How do I get a letter stating how much I owe in child support?
if I am 16 can I contact my social worker to be put into a foster home
They have what he owes me as it is documented in the child support collection unit.
I’m trying to find out how much I owe child support
i need a modification of support peticion form
I havw a child support order with a childcare add on  can that be included in my income when applying for affordable housing?
Im not sure. I stopped the child support in january.  But was told i can restart it once he was back to work.
I am looking or information on modifying an out of state child support case
does the father need to be notified even though he has nothing to do with the child for 4 years
if  a child support case is in one state and a child lives in another is that legal
Looking for a child support lawyer who is aggressive and good at what they practice
I would like know information about child support and visitation
Hello I need to get a copy of my child support order who do I contact
How do I submit a petition to close a child support case?
I want to close child support case
I would like to start the process for child support
i need legal representation to go in front of Monroe County Child support collection unit
In our last hearing the judge ordered me to open an account with the child support enforcement unit.
Hey hows it going... i am trying to figure out some information / answers about a situation regarding child support.
court is coming after me about child support and I never knew I had a child nor established paternity
The change of support order is that only for child support or maintenance or both.  Can the maintenance part be collected through a different source?
otherwise I will not being to start school which starts on August 13th
Can you tell me if the courts are modifying child support cases
I don’t want no child support or visitation
Wanted know what were my options especially if I can't afford the child support.
I want to take a person to court about a child i believe is mines where do i go?
Hi Meghan. I wanted to know if you can provide pro bono attorneys for child support cases?
In this letter it states that I owe 557$ for Human services and Adult probation
For the father of 2 children whom owes arrears.
Good day. How do I schedule a court date for child support?
What type of responses may a support magistrate give after a child support hearing?
I am curious about the cost of living increase for child support
Soo you can’t answer ... can I even send in documents for visitation right before going to child support?
Is family court on Monday April 20 open for child support cases?
Ok, Would there happen to be more information focused on child age 18 or older
If a DNA test is done and it proves that the father is  the biological father do they automatically put him on child support
Just wondering how would I file for child support if I live outside NY but the father lives in NY?
so I can ask question regarding child support
i have more questions regarding child representation and/or counseling
I need some information about child support arrears modification, if that is even possible
It just takes me to the Support Modification and Enforcement but no form
Also just to clarify my child is out of the country his mother is still in NY
Hello, I wanted to know about child support services. Is family court open? And am o
wait the child support case number?
I need to make some modifications in my child support
thank you, i just assumed it would have to go to the queens county child support unit
If a judgment was made with a figure for child support to begin on January 17 how will the child support payment be made?
My daughter lived in Florida for more then 10 years and I did my child support here in New York
im a single parent and do not recieve child support
I was wondering how to get child support modification papers
he signed a document waiving away her back support (she owed him $49,000)
Wonderful! Thanks! Can you recommend help with child support too?
I SUPPORT HIM FINANCIALLY ME AND MY FAMILY! HE LOVES ME AND I LOVE HIM. HE SLEEPS OVEE MY PLACE ON WEEKENDS..
can i do the DIY form online for child support modification?
and I also need to see how to establish child support if that is a separate process
How do I go about settling child support out of court?
I am looking for a diy order of spousal support
I want to put my children in foster care for 25 days. They tell me they don't want to live with me
child support has stopped but a debt of arrears still exist. I am wondering what form is needed to stop the arrears
I am in need of a copy of my child support order but do not have the order number how can i get those documents?
but they can process spousal support (I've heard)
I need to search for child support arrears can you tell me how to go about that?
Do you know if family court is accepting new child support cases?
I just went to the child support  office and they have no answer,
Hi, I am wondering where to find the Maintenance support form
ok I’m just wondering if I would even get any child support if I take him to court
just looking for statue that state parents obligation to child support until the age of 21
Correct.  I never asked for a dime except for their support.
Child support ny mother is custodial parent and remarried child is 17 and working
Ok my daughters mother put me on childs support for rent. And she stated that she is not working but she is running a business.
I need assistance in filing a motion of dismissal of child support that i no longer owe to Yonkers welfare
I volunteer  still to this Day at the Pal center with children
looking for a form to extend child support for child over 21 but still in college
I Have case of 2 child one the child is 21 how. I take out of the case
I do have a support order currently...is it a specific number of some case that I need? Or something else?
It is, thanks. Is there a form that I can use for child support modification?
I have not been served any paperwork, I did talk to children’s society ( lawyers) and they informed me it would be sent yesterday.
Hello, I was wondering what steps I need to take to have my child support modified?
She wants to give up custody and child support and have the kids live with me
need help with motion on spousal support until trail date (moved to spring)
I also would need a copy of Maintenance support.
So my son is trying to have the order of support modified so that HE will get the support directly
Was wondering  how much of child support  goes to the child
I'm looking for a lawyer in Chemung county that can help with filling out child support paperwork.
The benefits would be considered for the support of the younger two children
Hi, I have a question pertaining to a current support order.
I was provided with the “City wide Family Court Matters” (646) 386-5299,by Child support hotline.
Hello,how can i get paperwork for non marital child
How can I locate my case number for my child support case
Child support is over my daughter 32 state of New York in 2007 said the balance was 12.000 ow on arrears
thank you.. no. no child support no court orders. she lived with me for 9.5 yrs..all of her life.
children’s mother is absent and has my fiancé on child support and the city is garnishing his wages .
Or is there information I can give to him to explain how child support works?
I just need to find out why I wasn't contacted for my child support hearing.
if he adopts the child support would end correct
Yes I have done all that. Judge still refuses to lower the support order.
I am looking to submit a modification of child support.  However, my ex husband lives out of state and I don't know his address
Need  child support modification form
i live in miami florida and would like to find representation for my child support case in queens new york
I was wondering if putting myself on child support will be the best option in my case
I have question for extended child support after 21
Where can I download a blank maintenance support order form
Yes for past child support about 40,000
Is there a phone number that I can call to speak to someone about enforcing child support
I have been to multiple tree board meetings to discuss the damage and poor conditions these trees cause
Good Morning. I am looking for the support modification form and I cant seem to find it on your website
At child support hearing can I question the petitioner?
Support modification and enforcement/violations program is that the one I click on?
I need help in a child support case
What form can I use to adjust a modification form of child support?
I need to start a new child support and custody case I’m Brooklyn. Are the courts open?
I was wondering if child support and child custody can be handled in the same proceedings
the support magistrate said i could file a motion requesting the legal fees i incurred
Just curious about what child support includes?  I am asking about school clothes, sports fees and equipment?
The law shows the court doesn’t handle this if the child is 18
And I don’t understand why do I have two cases when I only have one child
so even if they have hurt me and the child, I wonder if they'll go through such lengths
No I need to open a child support order
I have also called NY child support, emailed them and have had no response
my question is, i want to open a acct with child support unit
Is suffolk county currently processing child custody cases?
hello I would like to get a list of the dates that attended child support court.
Good afternoon, how can I get a copy of my child support order? I am the custodial parent.
let say Acct built & hearing needed to set the amount of support..
I have been there many times but since the virus. And, it was mostly due to DV this time it is regarding support
My exwife filled for child support. I’m just trying to find how out how much am I supposed to pay weekly.
But the child support enforcement unit can garnish back support if he puts the money in his personal account?
Assistant in questions on child support and supervised visits
Thank you, I will look into using the child support diy form.
Quick question what happens now that people aren't able to work due to the how are people supposed to make support payments??
It is no wonder so many children die from falling through the cracks
I just had a question regarding New York Child support laws.
I would like to see how i can go about modifying child support
No it’s a United States children’s bureau
I need help on child support questions
Hi, I'm just trying to print forms for a change in support. Where do I find those?
Hello, Sam! I am wondering how to go about getting a copy of an existing child support petition.
Hi, i was told i can file for Child Support online - if so, i can't find a link
How do I get a certified copy of my current orders? (custody, child support, & paternity)
I called support and they told me that's what I need to do , because I'm still not working an can not pay support
what do i need  in order to file for child support and is it possible to purchase a divorce index number online?
I am looking to get more information on child support guidelines
is the family court hearing support modification petitions?
First I want to freeze a child support order that's placed against me.
im just wondering if you know my legal rights as a minor under 18, and dealing with child abuse
When I call child support..they give me the run around
Good morning I asking help to reduce my support cause I’ve been laid off
i have a bunch of questions about child support/ visitation
Hi Rita, I'm wondering what I should bring to file for child support. (birth certificates, social security cards etc.)
I already have a child support case in effect, But now i wanted to add  spousal support how many i proceed
what forms are necessary including support documentation
yes. he's in the youth facility and he'd be better served living with me
What if you have a child support order in one state and move out of that state, does your order change?
I have a three year old and they have a one year old so I'm also thinking about their child's wellbeing
so I wonder how can this be since I was giving her money as child support
trying print out child support modification form
Her child was touched inappropriately while in foster care and was wondering if you can provide resources
Child support violations and support modification
now with this new Kawasaki covid-19 related disease in children I am extremely scared
I'm trying to update my employee information for child support
my quesiton is, i have child support already but would like it to be deposited in direct deposit
im trying to find out information on how much child support balance I have left to pay
Hi i was just wondering is it better to put my spouse parent info in a child custody form or leave it blank..thanks
it is a New York State child support case
Also in regards of the child support, do I need to call the agency and notify them about the father's new plans?
hi I need to get an attorney for stalking and harassment from administration child protective services
Yes can you help me about my child support case?
yes queens county. its the modification/ violation support form
my son's father owes me child support through and i want to file disciplinary action against him
Does  a child have to be in college right after high school to maintain child support ?
I would like to find out more information about child support cases
I'm actually the child and need to get some of the documents that's pertain to me
She has the child so I would consider that full custody. The child love with her mom
Can he go back like that and recalculate past child support?
And related to that, I want to explore whether she can go out on disability social security
Is there somewhere online where l can download a petition for spousal support or do I have to go into the court house?
I am worried about this... I am not working and paying child support with savings, but dont have much savings left
I am trying to file for child support and full custody of my 3 children. I need to know where to begin
I call my child support they gave me a web site to do it yes
I need spousal support and can not afford a lawyer.  Can you tell me how I can go about getting this without a lawyer?
goodafternoon, i would like apply for a modification of child support
I'm waiting to hear back from a child custody litigator.  Im just losing my mind and needed a yes or no answer
I just wanted to inquire about if you have services that helps provide a legal at on child support cases?
I really don't think the child support system works go the mothers at least not for working mothers.
My only debt is child support arears and that is the $50,000.  The $32,000 is PART of the arrears.
I ow back child support for my kids such as arrears  but the mom said I ow money to Connecticut and New York
I have the NY case identifier from my monthly support bill if it helps.
I have been getting mixed information on filing for child support do you know if it can be done online?
child support is automatically colected and they cannot reduce withou a new court order.
I was wondering if I already started a child support case over a year ago, but let it lapse, do I have to re-file?
Is child support mandatory even if both mother and father dont want to do if
i went down to the support office and they dont even know an answer
How can I access an old dismiss child support case
if i have to serve someone with full custody paperwork is it also 8 days before ? just like the child support one?
Hi, so my boyfriend was summoned to court for child support. Hes been looking for lawyers and just the right help just like me.
online with child support of new york
It was frozen for arrears child support that my fiance owes
It seems like the child support will be $1530. So I’ll get $100 and the city $1430, right?
Do they provide free legal support for senior citizens?
Sorry I was kicked off. I asked the question of child support modification
I’m trying to find info on way a parent who is obligated to pay child support but receive public assistant not be violated?
I am interested in all, but especially reducing child support
1- free legal help resources for child support,
Can a certain child support issue deem essential?
My son is 16: and has always lived with me and his mother and I owe child support like I never been with him
So after 28 years I bumped into my real dad can my mom put him on child support for our previous struggles
under quick links, DIY forms for child support
What determines child support above the net cap set by ny state
correct 2 of the children in the support order are over 21 years old and are working full time
I contacted Child Supprt help number and they are unable to assist
I was directed to start a case myself online to end child support payments.
is the bronx family court open for receiving child support modifications from non custodial parent?
I am looking for a child support modification form to stop child support
Looking for legal advice on child support case
He said he would pay for some of the additional child expenses he owes, but not the back support
Need help starting child support
I know I just said if my child support is gone be linked to my social rt?
Can I start filing for child support online?
I was asking for child support. The child was born in new york.
I want to open a child support case
Thank you.  Is there not a DIY form for this?  And for child support, too?
child going out of state not providing me with information
I was informed by the court that I can file for child support, by utilizing online services.  Which I can't seem to find instructions.
Emergency extraordinary circumstances child custody petition
Thank you, the sibling notification part is very confusing to me. This entire process is quite confusing actually :/
I read up on interstate child support. I am not aure how to start the paternity process. Yes, I am a NY resident
Exspouse sent attorney's letter asking for more money for two children, and complete decision making for the children.
yeah im only doing the paternity not child support
no, I do not want the court to review it I want the Support Collection Unit to establish a case.
Can I get electronic access to get the status of my current child support case?
Also do I have to place my child's social security number on it
i was wondering if I need an attorney for starting child support and custody
