Dan waiting for someone to call back about drawing up a will.
she said I could ask for her if we lost communication
Now I can go bend someone else's ear LOL
Yes. I'm going to call them now. Thank you.
they’re only taking calls mon and Thursday
Thank you so much for your help Meghan! I'll give some of them a call. Have a nice day and take care
It might be worth a call just to get a human...?
Ok I'll ask my advocate for adjournment letter Monday then
I was told I’d get a call back today
And cps is helping him keep them a judge modified the order to give me face time calls and I don't get my calls
I just want the court to tell him what to do so I can avoid uncomfortable conversations.
Maybe I need to call this doesn't help
my landlady called us the other night wanting us out by the end of the month.
Take your time. I am a call center rep so am taking calls in between our messages.
okay....i will try again tomorrow to call and find it
That's the number I'm calling from a week now I'm getting no-one
Thanks  im calling now.  I have been calling all day though no answer on hold for hours
Adult protective services didnt even call me back.
Okay, thanks. I’ve got that one written down already. Having trouble getting anyone on the phone. Thought you might have another option
I want to find help regarding a summons I received 13 yrs ago
He had our son since March and is not returning him. I can’t call
thank you ill try calling them now thanks
ive been calling for last 3 hours
Thank you’re much  tomorrow I will call them.
Thank I’ll give a call in the morning
thanks so much for your help. I will call them right away
great.  thank you - I will give a call 1st thing tomorrow.
Management has been notified, 311 calls made, spoken to person
I left a message with one 3 weeks ago, he never called back.
I called them so many times the can't help me
Another message on site telling me to call
Thank you but when I called the number before it did not connect and the call disconnected.
they are not calling me back. i cant get through to them. my counselorgot thrugh once and nobody seems to know what to do
I can't see my typing keeping up w this. Can someone call me
There is an administrator and I have contacted him several times by letter and he has not responded.
alot of the organizations on our referral list have chnaged or updated their hours due to covid
I will call them, Thank you very much for you help. Have a nice and safe weekend. Thank you
ok great thank you i will call them thank you for all your help
Answering the door please don't disconnect
Thank you. I have been calling and leaving messages for legal aid society at central islip. They don’t call back
it is an emergency call. since next appear date is 8 days later on 23rd this month
Ok thanks because I have called all available around Queens but only get voicemails
I'm calling the office number can't get anyone if there I a different  number  you can give me it will be helpful thanks
i start msg him and call him i have all chats also
now they are demanding I leave and want me out within a month and keep harassing me to leave
Last three years I Ben being harassed know a woman is calling me a pedifile I'm done dealing with it
No, that would not be necessary. I will just give a call again on Monday.  Thank you for your help.
I’m leaving work 12 and will be calling legal team immediately this May help me
Ok, ill call them then thanks for ur help!
I have bad luck with legal aide not returning home calls in the past
I have logs of 311 calls in the past. Nothing has been done
She told us she will never stop  harassing us
if you have other calls i can be patient an wait. i used to be on your end
Oh ok. I'll give them a call then. I thought it would be something like a program.
Yes I called that was put on hold and then had to leave message so I guess that was the right process then?
I actually called that number earlier and left a message
I have called NYLAG. I have been calling them since December. No one is calling me back
Ok I’ll call these people and see.
ok those didn't help me. i called them multiple times already
Now the guuardian is ignoring phone calls, facetime, letters etc) we need to do this legally.
Sorry for the chopped up messages, I was using my speaker
Ok I appreciate your time and info thank u I will give them a call
he’s refusing to give me a new lease and keeps sending threatening letters!!!
I don't want anyone to call me I just wanted info yes
She said she would call me back  after she studied the matter further , but I have not received any call.
i have been calling the number for the NY legal aid society and no one answers
Thank you so much for you time!!! I’ll give them a call
thank you for the references...will call them now....appreciate your help
Which is why I am having such a hard time finding information and no one is answering calls
thank you, i will make all this calls tomorrow during business hours
Okay I’m gonna give them a call thank you
there is no law firm left in NY and NJ I did not call
I am calling LSNY and others but it seems most of them only do civil cases
I’ve sent hundreds of complaints and several very detailed letters demanding that she be fired
a letter from USCIS was sent to client and she wants advice on how to proceed.
i will try and call again, but the lady that's there isnt helpful at all
Okay. Great! (Did call them already, waiting for call back.)
the number they gave me 7182862000 is voicemail only and it was full not able to accept more calls
That may be one of his old addresses (he moved around a lot). I'll call that number.
Ty I am already having call lot places .
nothing can be done for harassing / bogus calls to acs?
i just have her name but i will call in the morning thank you so much
Ok thanks a lot. I’ll call them
i keep calling lawyers and no one is returning my calls
I am so tired of calling agencies and no one really trying to help me.
Okay I’m going to call them right now. Thank you for your help.
I have called several offices months ago but noone has called me back
The divorce Judge gave him 1 visit every 2 months p, phone calls every other day and 1 letter every 2 weeks.
I need to step away for a little while but I will definitely waiting for your response. Please just leave messages here
great, I'll go ahead and give them a call tomorrow
And calling 9 to 5 mon thru fri
Been calling my landlord for 3 days now no call back
I was left like 3 weeks ago and my spouse only ignores my messages and calls
sorry im at work and got a call
yeah i called them who put me to another number which doesnt seem to be working
Thanks, I'll try calling them tomorrow
And never got a call or anything to know where it was going to be held at
And I have been calling IRS but they have no live help and keep telling me to check website
I’m not changing my name. I’m just adding another last name
how long does it usually take for a call back
And don't take public calls just courts and attorneys
ok. I have tried to call them many times but still not helpful as I expect.   thanx anyway
I think thats all I will call right now. Thank you
ok, that sounds good. I will call them also
The landlord does not respond to my calls or texts. So I'm going to have to go this route. Thank you.
i tried some of them you leave a message no one calls back
The court order talks about our weekends with our daughter and drop off times and they are not being followed
i'll try to call this number thank you
Derrick has left messages to have them call me on his behalf but I haven't heard from them
So I’ll have to go in person ? I can’t call right if there’s no number
I told u I just called can’t get thru
I called them, no one got back to me, will try again.  Many thanks!
hopefully they can help I've been calling all over the place
Thanks, i'll call if it gets hairy in the next week. Bye for now
I’m try called to many times but no 1 can’t help me
Because we didn’t reach out he gave us the benefit of the doubt and renewed it for another year
Okay thank you so much. I will call around
I tried calling them and they gave me less information
some places only do Intake on certain days to call them and some don’t do legal representation
I called them.  The waiting list is 1 yr
Oh ok. I’ll call. Thank you very much.
thank you so much. I will begin to call. Have a nice day. I hope they will help me.
yes. is there a hotline or number i can have people call you in reference to immagration questions
Saying they have my address and even today they said obscene word over the call
I've left several messages for days and have received no call backs...
I knew it might take a little extra time but not 10 weeks. To at least get a call back would be something
Okay. I will call them immediately. Thank you so much for all of your help!!
Thank you so much, I even call 311 on them.
THEY TOLD ME TO WORK WHEN I CAN AND WHENEVER I CANT CALL IN SO THATS WHAT I WAS DOING
Thank you;I've called &theres no 1
I'm sorry   I just thought  someone could call me.  That's all .
Hey there Lindsey , I received a call from you guys today and I didn’t know what is was regarding
Ty ill take a look and give them a call tomorrow
Is that a place I can also go to in person or just call?
I feel the company is not Fair to fire me.i been working there for 8yrs and they just give me a layoff letter.
so pretty much im list as where to go ive wrote called people to get no where
Yes please I’ve tried calling and no one has picked up
I'll call anywhere.  It just seems that there is help for all kinds of people with all kinds of problems, but none for him.
every day and calling all night and calling people I know
Is it normal for a summons to take this long to be delievered ?
I called and got a recording.  Not taking any messages.
I can't think of anything else right now. I will start calling those resources. Thank you again
i just don't feel liking typing all those one more time
Meanwhile the building is turning backs on me and not taking my calls
So u can talk or gave me a # to call please
i called 24 times and each time It was answered and I was hung up on.
ok sorry to hear I keep hearing that
I have called most of those numbers but no pro bono help
no letter was  sent and today I called again and was informed they have no employer on file
Hopefully it is thank you I will make calls tomorrow
I I have tried numerouslegal agencies. They have not called me back.
Gov.Cuomo is encouraging people to stay at home
I been calling the court for a week now.  It is always busy.
RECENTLY THEY CHANGED THE PROCESS FOR CALLING IN WITHOUT PROPER NOTIFICATION
I will give you a call in about 10 min then.  thanks!
Ok, I’ll give them a call now. Thank you so much for your help!
tat the company is restructuring and she will be laid off please call us when back and we will try looking for a nother assignment
Yes I've called and recieved a busy signal. But yes can you call for me?
I just called again today and the operator states he can't make anyone call me. He can only just take the message.
whole time not one call from mom
the lawyer called me 3 times in one day to get rid of this problem I see
I regret calling them bc this is too much and it’s stressing me
Thank you so much for helping I will give these organizations a call
Ok I will give them a call..will they be available to take calls?
no, i left message there last week and this morning that number is no longer working
I’m not really informed probably since the DA doesn’t return my calls
I can’t stop crying this is horrible this is horrible
ok thanks think I left message for the first one yesterday at this time no call back as of yet.
Also i have been here since 9a.m and she won't call my case. Something is clearly wrong
Everytime I call to say that they are sorry- and that their operators are busy- to call later
they are supposed to call back in 48 hrs they never did
That's helpful.. I'll give them a call. Thank you so much for you help!
Thank.you so much I will call them in the morning I know they are closed now or I would call now
The meeting was scheduled for 2pm and the client has still not joined.
He has not been following the schedule granted by court over a year, he doesn't see them and rarely calls
I i think both she's staying apparently on the premises until she has what she wants and won't stop messaging us
That didn’t help I called them they never got back to me
Yes I was going to call them as well. Thank you ru.
Great!! I will call them right now. I appreciate your help
i cant reach out the landlord . he didnt pick up phone
Is there a # she can call? Is there anything else you need to know?
My twins sons 12 years old don’t want to call they grandmother every Sunday
Yes I will call the hotline but I would appreciate any attorney referrals that you have preferably free services
I’ve been researching and calling around on my own thus far
That's great. I will make the call. Thank you so much for your help!
It was on the fair hearing paper work and i cant really make calls from work...(airport/flying)
Thank you Shelby. I tried calling the numbers you gave me and they don’t exist.
But it says “we are receiving high volume calls. Call back later. Goodbye “
no it’s ok, I will try to continue to give them a call
when i called her job she said she would have my son call next day but never did
I will give them a call right now thank you so much
I will call this numbers again. I have called and left various messages all ready and no one calls me back
No thank Im going to give them a call right now to get some assistance
I received a summons and i’m not sure where I go from there
but now i am getting 3 more letter of summonces i never new about
After reading your initial message I don’t think you can help me at all
Thank you so much. I am gonna try to call them
my daughter is not complying with the stay at home mandate and putting our lives at risk
I been calling legal aid society I keep getting the same numbers no one is available
Somebody was suppose to give me referrals but got disconnected
OK, BUT can I call you later because I need help.
Please call me I number is 516 9842238
sorry for the capital letters, im not yelling! lol
i dont want to be given the run around with calls if i can just call one number
they help with forms and take calls for free?
I applied and been waiting for 7 weeks for a call back
I tried calling them so many time it didn’t go thru because they were having high volumes of calls
Ok, I will keep that in mind when I call them, thank you.
There probably arnt any. Or ive already called him
I would like to find out my next court date and my lawyer is not answering my calls
I received a summons with endorsed complaint affixed to my door. How do I proceed?
I have left multiple messages with no calls back.
Will they be open?  Everyone I’ve called has been closed
Yes I have I’m waiting for a call back
Yes but the person address we used wont help us and that is what PATH is asking for
If black people keep bothering for conversations there will be death
Oh ok I will do that thank you so much I will call them
You can call me at this number 646 626 1229 my name is Miss Ratchford.
I also did call and live a message with no response
If I was "laid off" as a result of calling out sick do I have a case because of the covid pandemic
