my uncle died and ever since wierd things have been happening I think I might have some right to will
If my mom passed in 1992, what form do I need to diy in collecting unclaimed funds totaling $5k?
Ok. I did a legal dna test a labcorp with the deceased biological mother. I would appreciate any help from an attorney or whom ever.
Basically I also want to know if I can make her final wishes to die at home possible.
Also, she probably cannot afford an attorney or other expenses associated with handling his death.
my sister in law passed away on Friday and left her 7 year daughter
Hi Erik, My husband died but did not leave a will.  what should i do?
I believe the arrears are from the month since he deceased
hey there, my dad died and left me benefits undersurvivors benefits
if the other parent suddenly passes away does the case continue like can i still get sole custody or it dismissed
Parent who died family refuses to allow children to be with eachother
Oh yes, thank you. I am 66 yrs old, and I stupidly told him my had died so he knew I was alone
My brother died six months ago he was a checking account I need information how got the money
Looking for probate form to have new letters testamentary granted after executor has passed away
If a grandmother has custody of a child and she passes away can the other grandmother petition custody?
my dad passed in GA and mom in NYC and my grand mother passed in st croix v.i
Hi, I need help to unseal my brother's aparment. He died a few weeks ago
How do I become executor of my sons who has recently passed estate?
bronx county. yes my husband passed away
The mother of my deceased son gave up her rights to my grandson to her mother
I need the cost of a lawyer to file for small estate in surrogate court.  My dad died without a will.
my husband died my name is not on the house deed or the will
Hi! My son died 3/23 of virus, and I am in Fl and his only relative.
Yes. His wife just wants out due to the illness .
I needed to know , I filed for surrogate due to my father passing
My mom passed away last year without a will and my sister kept the money she left
No thank you so much  i pass this to him when he gets in thank you so much
She died in Batavia NY in Wyoming county and I live in another state
my father passed away. Mortgage company is telling me I have to put my name on the title so they can talk to me
I want to die a hospital in New York
I'm writing because my son's father died for covid
if a 16 year old becomes emancipated and her living parent is getting death benefits will she get them?
Hello so my problem is my father passed away an the NYPD sealed of his room in an apartment that other people l live in
My mom just pass and I need help to finding out what to do next
I want to know if the spouse pass away, how can i get the money from the bank he left..
Hi, I need some legal advice about the 198 7hospital death of my infant sister
Hello need a appointed lawyer for a Will case in my mothers pass away proceedings with her property and asset along with my legal documents
my ex is presumed deceased but it hasn’t been declared. Which type of lawyer could help me begin the process
Sorry can a pos put their name on their mother's deed knowing after she's passed it is to be divided 4 ways?
my dad recently passed away and the bank would like for us to obtain a Letter of Adminstration
I need an attorney for my mother and my daughter who has passed away.
My daughter pass away two weeks ago, and now the children are with their father who can't take care of them.
My daughter died in Nassau County but resided in Queens
her son asked me to contact landlord  to tell him that his mother passed away
My mother had temporary custody of my children.she passed away 2 weeks ago.I have physical custody now.how do I make it legal?
My father died in a hospital unexpectedly, I believe due to wrong course of treatment..... Possibly discrimination.....
There has been a tragic accident where My daughters mother recently died. I want to know and confirm my custodial rights of our daughter
not to mention my parents living will that was verbal or that surrogate court is supposed to represent the dearly departed not medicaid
The patient was giving effected drug. Resulted coma and close death
I don't know. I've never been passed around  so much before I get anything resolved. This has been on going for far to long.
the sons of the passed owner don’t want to give me back my security what can I do?
My aunt passed how do I become her power of attorney
Thank you so much. Also its not his child but mine from a previous marriage who is deceased
Good after my brother recently passed away he had full custody of his 14 year old daughter
Also how do I terminate a order for my child who is 19 and the custodial parent passed away
My brother just passed away, and I’m trying to get help with the funeral cost
i need to file to have a court declare him dead
So i have the evidence that they send me a lot of pictures of dead people and they told me that they will kill me
Umm so if a child's caretaker passes away how would someone go about seeking to care for the child
I'm trying to fill out and file the small estate affidavit for my late husband who passed unfortunately without a will
I need help wirking with the death of my landlady and inheritance of property
yes but his name is not on the birth certificate and my sister just won full custody on Thursday the day before she passed away
i was paying child support for my son who has just passed. How do I cancel the support
Looking for administration of the estat for my husband ( he passed away 2 months ago
well at the end of March family friend she passed away...the apartment she lived in was section 8
I need help with questions about a recent passing and estate information
My only guess is when my father passed he left me money I didn't know about at the time she wanted it
My mom died from virus April 18.Need to execute her will.I am Executor and sole heir.Total estate approx $525000.00
I am trying to find the correct process (who, where, etc)  for filing a will when someone passes
A letter to appear in housing court was sent in my mother's name even though she passed away in April what should I do
No she passed late Dec. The house was tranferred early Dec.
My father passed away and i wanted to take over his estate
She is telling people my mother died of cancer. I know her PCP and she says my mother doesn't have a history of cancer.
stating that the city was notified that my family friend passed away
My dad passed away 2 years ago and the house is still in his name but I was named administrator. What should I do please?
Ok, yes thanks.  My mom's been cremated and need to come up with funds to get her ashes back.
I have a 15 yr old daughter who’s Mom passed away & my name isn’t on my daughter’s Birth certificate...
My mom is carrying for him and he needs his benefits from his deceased mother, my sister
My cousin worked in Manhattan family court but she passed
My husband passed away on March 2019, apartment is under his name, I need transfer to mine, Is there a time limit?
I miss my kids and I just want to see them. But they think they will die if they see me
My wife died in nursing home from covin19 and i need letter testimentary
My Dad passed away without a will 3 years ago.
Q1) The estate inheritance law,was there any eligible period as my father passed away before my step mother, less than a year?
After family friend passed away there was no estate no will no assets..she lived in sec 8 apt
this is for the estate of mom passed away 2006, my brother was executor from 2006
Yes my father passed away and I need to prove his my father
My sons father died and I no longer have the paperwork and wanted to know if the court still has the documentation
my father is passed away and my mother she is in oversease
As well as the older children that their dad died
my father passed away, does eveyone tha dies have to go through court?
I received a court documents from my ex boyfriend asking for legal right to buried my son that passed away in July as a stillborn
i was home for 26 days quarantined while he was in hospital on ventilator for 17 days and almost died
No. I was her appointed as the legal guardian of her affairs but I was informed this is no good once she died
Father is deceased. Mother is at facility.  Alzheimers
A summons arrived for my mother who passed away in April for housing Court. What should I do
My siblings and I are supposed to inherit money from my Fathers personal Injury claim that he had before he passed away.
Sorry the friend of the deceased told the next of kin that
I know her name the county her date of birth and death
If a paternal grandmother has custody of the child and passes away. How can the maternal grandmother get custody?
I need help with getting the proper papers to handle my mother's affairs. she passed away in april.
If a renter passed away and do to civic everything is shut down right now there apt cannot be clear out
i'm trying to find information about debt after someone passes away...there are debt collectors and lawyers reaching out for my dad's "estate"
How do I  contest the sell of a property if the person has died?
Ok, thank you so much. One last question. I need help on starting a wrongful death case against a hospital.
There is no death certificate yet and probate case hasn't been established
My daughter is also the beneficiary of my daughter who passed but she refuses to bury her.
90 year old grandmother passed with the virus.  Her will is old and names 2 executors who have both died.
My attorney recommended me to find estate lawyer since my husband's death large amounts of money is gone and family repeatedly drugging me
That was widow on I also yet to help a diabetic in same boat mid aged no husband mine dead hers who knows
Yes but please help me find my grandsons before I die
Their father died of covid and they need help transfering the dad's bank account and other estate matters
My daughter father is deceased since 1991 which she was getting his ss
and my sister won custody on Thursday and passed away on Friday
she died in Pleasantville, NY but her body was transferred to Yonkers funeral home
My uncle just passed away in Prince George’s County Maryland.
Well he died in Kings County - Brooklyn
I asked for an adjournment due to my father passing last Sat and i needed time to obtain council
I was told by the DHCR that under section 8 technically once voucher holder passes away then the voucher is no longer in place
Parent passed in early July. With only a signed will from Texas in 93. Last resided in a home owned in Genesee co.
I need some direction. I am taking my deceased daughters boyfriend back to court for extended grandparents rights
My mother is also deceased. I will contact LIFT. Thank you
Sccate to death want out but stuck low income long lists for section 8
I was giving a 10 day notice to quit. I live with my grandmother and she passed away.  They want me out
My sister was found dead in her shelter room by my mom and dad. My niece was not present.
Do I need to contact a lawyer in the state he died in or the state where his assets are?
my parents and I don’t get along my mom physical emotional abuse me wish me death
My mortgage company is for closing on my home and my mortgage is in my moms name who has been passed away since 2011
Wonderful, thank you kindly. In the event that the mother has also passed away, is there another route?
My ex-husband has died and he has a house in New York, which both of of purchased together.  What is my rights.
I need help according  to the visits days my daughters father need to come .And the money he needs to pass for his daughters
moy mother was living in an apartment for a very long time and she passes away two years ago
I need to file paperwork for my daughter who passed away.
one is 24 the other is 18.  their birth father has passed away and their step-father would like to formally adopt them
I am just looking into where i can obtain a copy of a will in Suffolk County, NY for my deceased Mother
mother died years ago but i just foundmout she left money for me but i dont know how to find out about it
My husband passed away Feb.20, 2020. I need a letter of testimary
Can I hyphenate my last name with my deceased step father's name even though I'm on probation for a misdemeanor
Yes but the father has passed away since then
Hi there I'm trying to file for emergency custody of my daughter, her father had custody of her and has recently passed away
Son passed. No will.  Single no children.  I am mother. Intestate is me.
I meant after he “does” not “dies”
No , when he death after I was 4 days fever and my son take me to urgent care and emergency hospital
Our father passed away...he was to ill at the end to add me to the lease. Rent is current..i would like to keep the apt.
My mom passed away march 26 2020 and she had several accts and things and my sister is basicaly trying to keep everything
I also am wondering if I don’t have a will and pass away, would everything automatically be left to my spouse?
I do not have her death certificate or social security number as I left home in 1987
He is now 37 years old so he was only 17 when they died. So he still suffers from it.
My mom passed away and did not leave a will. I need to know the steps of becoming an administrator of her estate
My father died without a will and need help filing a letter of administration to become an administrator.
Need to apply for administrator of deceased uncles estate. He passed without a Will. I'm next of kin
Yes my daughter father died 3 years ago and he is still receiving child support payments
The person I would like to test is deceased so is there a way to do the test with a grandparent
The grandfather called me yesterday saying that his son wants to kill me
My dad who passed leftme 100, dollars ina joint power trust account. What should I do with the bstock especially with oct i, deadline
The issue i am having is my family friend passed away at the end of March
I have no idea other than she died at home. I have her death certificate indicating natural cause
what do you do if you can not find the original will of the deceased, but you have a copy and the death certificate?
Hello, I'm looking for an attorney who does medical malpractice and accidental death cases.
Is an attorney necessary , I am the sole grantee with an attorney prepared will and certified death certificate.
I want my brother in Spain to take the kids if I die
can I do it online somehow since his mother recently passed away
She was married for over ten years with an american resident and when he passed away she was denied of the benefits she was entitled.
I'm not sure. Last I knew she lost it bc she was in hospital for a long time. She almost died 3x
I texted you about 15min ago . About my brother passing and the restaurant issues.Can you resend the website again. I. Tried to save it
my dad died in NV but lived in AZ his wife refuses to send me his daughter any of his ashes
Dad is 81yrs old, not good health and wants my brothers to have house after his passing.
I understand that I have to complete forms and show proof of his death
I took off from work to take care of my mother and she has passed
how could a person become legal in the us if they pass there time
My mother died and I  need to close her section 8 case.  What do I need to do?
My dad just recently died of covid-19.  Hie brother was living in Orange County.
Thank you - non COVID - a nice passing.
I need to find out if there was a probate case opened for a person that died in 2009
He has asked for rent..for may and June family friend passed away at end of March
I have been given power of attorney by my Mom who is dying :( What do I do next?
I am trying to start a surrogate case for my mother that passed away without a will.
so the court does have to be notified even though we alread have a death certificate
My land had passed and his three sons are in control of his estate.
Hi! When someone passes away in NY State that's on Medicaid who has the rights to the funds in his bank account?
MY child is not bron yet im due in November 2020 can I start at case with the father being that he's dying my child
my wife pass away and i would like a form for her benefits
Now Nov 3 I had a break in I was assaulted and burglarize I almost died
Yes, and my sister passed 5 months after
It's disbursments of assets from a death with a will.  It's been 12 years.
Hi, I'm trying to file for guardian ship for my child in order to receive benefits from his fathers job since he passed away
Can some one drive car of a person that had passed away
I need a death certificate from.my aunt that die in Jackson Heights  she past away the 8 off April 2020
my daughter father passed away 2 years ago and my dad will like to adopt her as her dad
I'm not sure what type of lawyer I need to handle my daughter's rights to her father's estate since he passed with no will
Please?? All I want to do is cry or die...I'm am so tired of this!!!
Quick question.....can housing evict me if my dad passed away and was to ill to add me to the lease before he passed.
I live  on 4fl. In 10/18 my daughter (also a tenant, fell to her death . In kings county brooklyn,ny
Was wondering about my legal rights as a tenet if the landlord passed away
hi. The question i have is  recently a family friend passed away
I need to get a copy of habits corpus father passed away his wife won't return  my daughter
My husband, their father, who had full custody just passed away..
Yes, a deceased aunt who died in 2017.
like a nightmare. mother left no will, and no sort of directions and this was her second bought with cancer
well he died in hutchinson ks idk were his will would be out of tho but I'm assuming its in probate
Ok.  My brother died six months ago he was a account bank , I need how take this money
My mom died right. And my mom and dad is divorced can my dad be a executor of the small estate affidavit?
they mother passed away may 6
I am unemployed, caring for my mom, the money I have in bank was left to me when my uncle passed away
I need court papers to assist me in becoming my son's estate he passed away
long story short one child mother passed family member has custody .. children have same father
can I do it online with out the support order because I’m still being charged and she has been deceased over a year
on July 5th my niece Jeanette was found deceased in her room
she is trying to create a plan for her son now in the event should she pass away
Son passed away.  No wife no children no will.  I am his mother need to put his mobile home in my name as administrator.
Need help figuring out where to go to get more details about the estate of a recently passed relative
One last question. We just found out Monday that he died in May will this make any difference?
Yes, the notice of intent is to sue for wrongful death within the court of claims.
Thank you.  But, I didn’t need information on creating a will.   I wanted to know the process of the will after death.
It's. Foreclosure on my home my father passed away and I got rely behind on my morgage payments
Her sister passed away 2 weeks ago now the landlord wants her to move out by this week
can you suggest any resources that help track accounts owned by a deceased person namely financial accounts
Someone has passed away. I am a descendent. A probate proceeding is pending.
My brother passed away last month and I am helping my mother with closing his accounts
