After answering that question can you please answer the question about me bringing character witness letters is that also allowed in court
That day Claro helped me amend my answer. This is a year ago
I dont find an answer to my question on these links
Hi I wanted to know if someone can help answer a few questions about an 18 year old case.
I need someone who can answer and clarify Small Estate questions
sorry i didn't read that before i typed my answer is yes too the above
Not today. I would have to get Art to agree before I can answer
Ok do you have a source that would be able to help me answer that question by chance?
maybe my divorce atroney will take pity on me and answer these specifically.
I checked already this website. I didn’t find answer to my question
They'll have a lot to answer for if this gets to court!
Thanks it sounds complicated isn’t there someone who have an answer
Yes please.  My deadline to answer is Nov 14.
Hi! I just had a quick question, I am unsure if you can answer or not but figured I'd try.
I keep loosing anything from you. As soon as I answered your question it goes right to the survey
Ok. Thank you. I really need to find direct answers. Thank you for your help.
I have a court date which was April 7 which I couldn't attend am calling the court and no answer what can I do
Thank you and can u answer about my question about my mom if you can if not that okay
I will give it a try. I realize it's late and I don't expect an answer today, but thank you for some direction.
YES I CALLED CATHOLIC CHARITIES ON 115STREET...BUT THE PHONES ARE NOT BEING ANSWERED...
Ok so the second one can answer my question
since from 4pm into now bnut no one been answer
Oh I see wow I appreciate you answering all of my questions. Thank you very much. You were very helpful and understanding.
but I cannot move forward unless I select an answer
unfortunately the link you sent does not help answer questions to ho to negotiate
(I'm not sure Housing Court Answers is working right now)
Answer to your question is im not sure how to answer that
Yes, since it seems it’s the only way to get answers at this point.
I have court ordered FaceTime rights to call my son everyday and my ex won’t answer my calls
Hey I have a question about traveling and public assistance in nyc. Are you able to help answer
Ok, I'll look into that. Thank you.  One more question..
I will be right back.  I have to run to restroom....so if I dont answer right away no worries.  Ill be right back.
the questions are tricky and don't want to answer them incorrectly
The landlord and maintenance guy is refusing to answer any messages or calls
should i be concerned that right now places are closed or won't answer because of current pandemic?
The company LVNV funding purchased the debt an is now taking me to court. I would like to answer this court document
Hey oliver!!! We chatted yesterday. My name is Kevin. Can you please resend the link for answering a motion.
This man left my house in shambles during a pandemic now refuses to answer text or messages
I did filed a complain months ago and nothing happen nobody answered my complaing
what type of confirmation do you need other than saying yes
Can you answer a question on i765 case status
is there someone I can call to answer my questions please?
Thank you for your help... I can always find an answer with this site
i need stalking and harrassment of myself to stop...and to answer the complaint properly and clearly
question #1 are you an automation please answer yes or no so I’ll know I’m not wasting my time sorry
Sorry he stepped away and I didn't want you to think we weren't interested in getting he answer.
You can't really choose how they classify you, only answer the questions.
Yes, it disconnected before seeing the answer 🙈
i had made a settlement with them and then received court summons and went to court and was advised to file an answer
trying I live upstate no one will answer me
Would you be able to give advice or answer some questions I have?
That would be extraordinarily helpful. I have a stack of very specific questions already.
Fine and dandy. You answered the most important question. Stay well,  stay safe person Bennett. I’m signing off.
It says I have to answer summons.  I'm not sure who to contact.
whoever you are answering an online help forum
Actually i emailed a month ago, but she didn’t answer
Not at the present. Thank you. Here's hoping that will help answer my questions! Have a great day!
Can you poker also answer my question above. Thank you.
I have been served a Summons and Complaint. I need an attorney to file an Answer for me
yes please or someone to answer my questions regarding the form
I will rape your mother if you dont answer me JULIAN
Hello! Thank you so much. I really need a very good answers.
yes the number I've called 718)298-0500 but the person who answered but extremely rude and condescending
I do not know how to “respond to a summons with an answer”
I DID NOT EVER ASK FOR ADVICE! I asked you what the law says!! You can’t answer that? What questions can you answer?
if i dont answer the petition with in 5 days, a judement may be entered against me
Hello? im sorry one more question
Hi I currently am a Cvr section 8 tenant would you be able to answer questions that I have ?
I'm not sure if you can answer this, where can I find how many times law enforcement has been called to an address?
well I have answered all the questioning the interviewer portion but it wont allow me to print it now?
I realize you cannot give me advice but can you answer specific questions ( if you know the answer) about a will?
I've been in these pages, if they had the answer to my questions I wouldn't be in this chat right now
I am really just looking for an answer to my second question. Thank you.
Ok, you have answered my questions. I very much appreciated!
no one seems to answer the phones often
I have 30 days to file an answer is that with or without weekends
That would be great. I just need to find the answer to my question.
from what i see we have to answer the notice but don't know how
Obviously you’re not responding to my question “where are you located”
That page doesn’t answer the question I have..that’s why I utilized the chat option
You haven't really been of any assistance since my question was not answered.
So you are not able to answer those two questions on this chat
I think that answers what I need for now.  If I have more questions may I come back later to this site?
Whoever answered the help desk phone
I recieved a summons from collection attorney but I am living on social security disability & a pension - how do I answer the summons?
No I haven’t. But any chance you can answer this one question how long does family court keep adoption records.
So a lawyer who could answer questions about sexual abuse and defamation would be ideal
I tried to use that, but when I answer that I live in NJ it tells me I cannot use that system
I called office no answer I guess with the situation offices are closed
no thank you. i think this website will help answer some questions.
would that hotline be able to answer my specific questions about his right to see my lease?
I've tried looking it's quite hard asking that particular question and getting a straight answer lol
I need help preparing and delievering the Answer. It would help to know if I can Get an Extension for Filing Answer.
December 4, 2019 received on December 10, 2019 and. I have 15 day to answer for the date of the 4th.
Oh sorry, just read the answer to my question.
Local legal aid groups do not answer phone.
How do I answer a divorce title of action or proceed
I have read those pages. But still can’t find the answer to my specific question
I’m not looking for specific advise or someone to tell me what to do. The question I need answered is
OK where can I go or call to get the answer
No i did go and answer one summones and it was clear and fixed
I cannot answer that question at the moment. I am heading to center street to see about an old summons.
its all communication through our agency here howere no one has answerd since june
No i think that answered the questions i had all together thanks again
yes but it is operator that ask questions and you can answer with yes and no.
Do you know if there’s a group/resource that can Answer specific questions?
I think you’ve answered all my questions that I currently have so thank you
that would be perfect, if only they would answer; who and where can I call, what number will answer?
ive looked, I cant find the correct answer
ok.  different question   do i use the same answer form from ny courts online to answer a motion for summary judgment?
I'm not sure that you can help me with this but maybe you could direct me to someone that can answer
Okay, thank you so much! This is the most straight forward answer I’ve gotten in weeks! Lol
This number that was provided to me by live help (718)618-2098 I get no one to answer the phone
So you’re basically saying you can’t answer this question
I think u pretty much answered them. Thank you for the info. I will look into this further
I've looked at both of these sites already and I am unable to find my answer on them
Can I ask you the question and you can tell me if you know the answer?
no need to get an answer do you know who will take a simple question?
That's not the answer I wanted to hear, Michael
They said it's due to the covid, it's closed. But then I also read that if I dont answer, a judgement can go against me.
Miss this doesn’t answer my question in full detail
I will keep trying the phone of the courts. Hopefully, someone will answer the phone
I've done all that already but still don't understand it.  They say I can file an answer online
so who can answer my question about landlords and certificate of occupancy
Ok I have a question! If I have been given the option to e-file, that would count as given a written answer, correct?
Yes, if you can provide me assistance so that I can find these answers that would be very helpful.
I was directed here from the ny courts website. They said you have an interactive "nonpayment answer program"
Can you answer a couple of general questions about a situation and set of circumstances?  Or only refer?
I have looked there but was not able to find the answer To my question
I didn’t really get the answers I was looking for
Now Im told I need to answer by Monday
I have some general questions that hopefully you can somewhat answer for me.
So in order to have my question answered, call LIFT?
Is this immigration lawyer? Is he or she going to answer my question for free?
I tried this as well but no one answered . I would try more times
I don't think general info. is going to answer my question.
I have searched all over the internet and can't find an answer.
Is there any volunteer legal council that could answer my questions
how long it would take for them to receive my mail and answer me
I need form answer countrr claim
what would constitute as abandonment for a non custodial parent. Can you answer this?
Refused to respond to me or let me see my daughter
I need legal services please because outside of having 20 days to answer I have no idea what to do
I've looked at those sites but unfortunately they don't answer my question.
So I'm not sure if you can answer this one but what is proof of service?
im sorry I didn’t realize that I needed to respond
Hi Charles, I wanted to know if you could answer some custody court questions for me or if you just provide referrals?
Have a great day thanks for answering,be safe
or what information you can offer since you can’t answer much of anythjng
I need help finding a lawyer. I am being sued for $18,000 and need to answer the summons by next Friday.
I looked through already and nothing answers my questions.
how am I supposed to answer the summons wiyh notice is there a form for that or just do it thru word
That's right also. I wanted to know if I'm still required to answer at this moment
an answer on that general question, or information that will help answer that question will be most helpful.
i've seen the first 2 and they don't answer my questions
i am looking for a sample form to answer someone's custody petition against me
this site states that it can answer legal questions and here you are telling me that you can’t!!!
okay thank you so much for your advice and answering my questions!
I filed to vacate a default judgement against me,  it was granted. I need advice on how to proceed to answer the complaint.
i had a question im not sure if you could answer but doenst hurt to ask
Just gonna write and when you can answer I’ll be here waiting
I already have a attorney that court gave me for free but he never answer me I cant reach
I am filing a violation petition & I’m not sure how to answer one of the questions
No one answers just message that says delayed. Ur first to answer. No information on site with reopening date. So I guess none for now
I tried Google but nothing specifically answers what I'm asking.
To finish I just need one of there reps to answer phone- and today is my filing day
thank you, allow me to continue to elaborate, here comes the part about my questions
i went to they house and wouldn’t even answer the door for me
trust me, i have. i think my case is uncommon, so the websites don't answer the question. i can't afford a lawyer.
actually i was looking to find an answer to a question. I do not know how i got into law help
I see. Ok. I guess that answers all of the questions then. Thank you so much
I wasn’t able to answer the phone , I googled the number and it took me to this website
You did a good job! I will provide you with a "roadmap" to show you how to better answer these chats. Any questions?
I would like to know how to proceed with getting answer to my questions
Can I bring this to civil court you can’t answer that
I still have to answer no to the question did you quit your job they don't have the full exception on the application
I have a debt collector suing me and they told me to do to this website to give amd answer for my case asap
I will start with that. I have already looked at some of these but cannot find my answer.
Where do I find legal help to answer a debt collection summation?
I know that you can not answer several questions so I guess I should call someone.
I've agreed to a settlement with the debt collectors, but I still need to answer the summons, right?
ok thank you. I have tried many times and no answer
I was wondering if you could tell me if someone in st. lawrence county supreme court could answer legal questions
In how long will you answer. So I can leave this page for a bit.
I have emailed and called a couple places no answer back
thank you very much for your help she is very greatful it has been hard getting the right answers...
WHAT ID E FILING HELP CENTER OF QUEENS SUPREME COURT THAT SOMEONE WILL ANSWER
Can you give me an answer to my unemployment issue?  I haven't been able to find this answer on the NY Labor website.
ok can you answer the second question please
I've called all day long...they don't answer
One girl send me an mesage than i answer she ofert me sexual services and i didn't answer because i didn't had interest on it...
I have a question regarding subletting my rent stabilized apartment - is this an issue that you could answer?
is that a court hotline that can answer probate questions?
She fixed it -- we're good.  Will be back if I have any substantive questions.
I was served a summons for consumer credit transaction. I want to see a lawyer to get an advice before I answer the summons
am i now making new password i answered security question
Can you steer me to someone who can answer come questions?
The legal aid society number u gave me no one seems to ever answer
I was wondering if there is a program available to people outside NYC to complete an answer to a summons
I called like four housing places and no one could give me an answer
And do you know how long will take to have a answer from the court?
all I need is to respond to the supreme case letter
Yes .. we answered all the questions and saved it to the website
I wanted to know , Do I have to answer all the questions in that Subpoena including the information I am not comfortable sharing with
He was paying . He request soo many times include the new baby and for the minimum of the  state and never they answer
can you answer questions about filing documents provided on this website
I have a court case. I need to answer. I want to do it on-line  Where do I go to do this
What number do I call. The ones on website say no one to answer calls
Hi, I have a question I hope you can help with because I can't seem to find the answer
I've d filed a petition on April and received no answer
I have a legal question and was directed to your site  where I can get an answer
No I think this might answer my questions thank you
As I said, I have been to the site. I think I need to talk to someone who can answer my specific questions
i just had a question that i ccant seem to locate an answer for
They won't tell me anything or answer my calls
my landlord hasn't answered my calls in months
Are you able to answer questions about tenants rights during COVID?
I fail to understand why there isn't a direct answer
