I flew in to nyc on feb 6, 2020 for this court matter and it was adjourned until March 12th
Do you know how long it’ll take for me to get a court date?
but it is through the Court, I do not want the Court to be involved I wan tthe court to be reviewed.
But in a time like now how would I go about it because the courts aren’t open
How do I find out I got court like the date
Yes I went to court and all they just didn’t explain where was I receiving it
Thats why I wanna go back to court
Thanks again.  Its just a simple form no need ill just go to the courthouse.
the two of us decided on it outside of court
also can courts alter my name to make me unaware of court proceedings?
I am trying to determine if the information has been sent to the court.
I would like to change my 2 year old last name, do I need to go to Civil Court
one more thing my devotes states that its a supreme court devorse
If it is modified will it be modified from the point I get the court petition in
There’s a court date but it’s not until January 26th
would I need to bring my father to court as well?
So I want to know what to say to the courts to make her pay
do i have to go in person im not even sure if courts are open during this pandemic? Or is it done online the form?
online I can send to the court or I have to print to send?
Being sued by hospital and dr office my name only for lastv6 years
There will be a court order though once we go through court
I’ve been to court numerous times and every time I go there, I am being told something different
I was more looking for info on the process. Does it have to go to court?
do you see what form on thsat supreme site applies to me in this case?
My reason for wanting to change is very lengthy. Is that okay to the courts?
I need to find my court for next week
where can I find that form and do I need to appear in court
Need help getting a lawyer for the supreme court
I am not sure if it has been approved or not? I got it notarized and sent it to the court?
if i go through an attorney is this then handled in supreme court?
I filed papers with the courts back in May and have not gotten a response.
Yea no that why the court was shock they see I wasn’t there
Thank you, I have read that page and there is no isntructions fr what kind of court order
Yes I have a court case coming up and I was given the time 9.30pm. Are courts really open then
I would like to have it in hand for my court date.
I’m not sure if courts open due to pandemic
i need the court order saying that i receive it
Can I do it online somehow? The courts arent opened now
cuz i wanna go personal to the court
I think they go to state supreme court but again I'm not sure.
I would like to know how to send a file to court
ok. Does this get filled online or do I have to go to the courts
the 50% is about $3800 but I am willing to forgo some of it to use small claim court
any other things for me to keep in mind, in your opinion, based on the context I gave you?
I was had filed couple years back he never showed up for the court appearance
I will love your help on how to get this set with court
That's back in 2018 when we appeared in court
I went to the court, but there's no help at all, I was told to do through online by myself
I see - is there a special process or can she just call the court?
Looks like there is some info I can use. I need to leave for court now. Thanks
do you have an address where i can send proof of disability to the court
yea we’ll the courts are closed for me to go and get legal help
I don't want to keep the one I have and I have court today
Could you tell me where I could possibly get these forms and do I need to physically go to the court O
should I go to the court if so whom can I speak with ? I want this remove
Oh ain’t know it go to courts but yes in Brooklyn
I would like to know when court will work again
thank you thought ill just go to court in person
OK I'll stop by the courthouse today.  If they won't let me in I'll call that number.  Thanks Lucas!
I don't know. I currently live outside of state. Not sure which court.
I am not able to get the order changed whije courts are closed?
if we print that out and bring it to court, would anything happen?
would I get legal help? Or would I have to face this on my own in front of a judge?
like hes telling me I’m gonna go to jail if I can’t meet with them
No I got court but I don't know whats the date for it
The court is close so I will like to have this done online
But right now there's a backlog at the courts, correct? So, it would likely be a while before this would get resolved. Yes?
and would I have to bring my daughter aslong to the court proceedings
I've never heard of such a process 3 days later after my court date.
yes we went and was told by the court that we had 90 days to leave
Amended court order and official translation into english thats what i need
Thank u but aren't the court closed?
this is the second time he does it.  first time I had to go to court
No courts are open because of the co-vid 19. So I can not go into the court.
When we went to court back in November the judge didnt make a decision on the modification
i haven't seen her for years and i don't know what else to do so I want to go through the court.
looks like i would need to visit my local court building
I read that unless he had gone to court he should not have done this
How can I hold him accountable without going to the courts again?
Want to do forms online but I need someone to bring them to court for me
The my court referred me to this site and said to look for that form
Do I have to go down to the court house or could I ask for it to be mailed to me?
but never made it to the second court date because the mother said don’t  go
I wanted to know if I was to go to the court representing myself would I be able to have it adjourned
Which court they need to go to or what kind of court they need to go to.
I'm not sure if a supreme court criminal matter involving me is going to be heard tomorrow or not
No thats ok I know a few I was  just told by the court that I could get the form off this website
I went to the court house and they said I should do it online
IM NOT SURE I CAN TRY THE FORMS BUT I DONT KNOW IF I CAN SUMBIT THEM OR IF THE COURTS ARE EVEN OPEN
I honestly don’t know if this was a court decision. I’ve never been through this situation.
I don’t want to disregard court order, but Because of all circumstances I can’t follow it!
i dont know how else to go about this being that courts are closed
supreme court,  we have been to fam court, but because it is in supreme court they can't help
She has heard about a "1034" that she think is presented by CPS to the court -- do you know what that is?
Ok. Is there any possible way of just going to the court personally?
The link works but there are no specific instructions how to file during COVID court closure. LIFT directs users to the courthouse to file.
I think the first site is easy enough to navigate but I don't think family court will accept this if my settlement was in Supreme?
Yes i just wanted to know if it was possible to find out if the courts are open now
Hello I have a court with some one june 17
okay, i just wanted to make sure i didn't have to send them to the court first to review before i served them
Hi! My question is can a person be mentioned in limine (SP?) in supreme court without their knowledge?
yes she toke me to court last year but she didn't show up
I require a NYS Supreme Court order, and need help towards this
the landlord hasn’t send me to court yet
once I complete the form, do I need to take it to the court ?
Don’t want to go threw the courts rather be civil about the matter.
This one says civil court but it is the sumpreme court
Yes, please send me that information. It would be helpful. How long will the courts be closed?
Okay I make sure to mention that when  I appear in court?
I went in court today to sumit the modification form and they told me to do it inline I did that just now
Hey what I’m going through is that the courts let me see my daughter but the mother is not letting me see her
i do not want to have to take her to court too, because i fear she will run and hide if it is mentioned
ok thanks for you help, so i have to go to court
It is regarding the types of forms I need to use for court
What about if she doesnt show up to the court , will they eventually decide to give it to me
okay...so what are the step I need to take to get this resolve when the courts open up
courts are closed but i heard you can file on line
I thought we had court on the 13th but its today at 1:30
yes the date was literally the day before the state shut the courts down
The case is in supreme court,.not sure if that matters
the majistrate said that if I want to appeal, I need to appeal by tomorrow
Last Monday I supposed be at court but I forgot to go.
I don't understand why you sent me the link about civil and criminal court
Thank you, now wat about having a court date and wanting to go to court?
Hello, I am having difficulties and with court being closed I don't know what to do.
i assume the court will send it back and we sent it to him?
When  could I find out about the court date and I need to make a correction on the fiing
and it would be in the supreme court for the county where I was born?
..if I should be doing something since the court date is still showing June 1
I might have to wait until this gets better and they open courts up
is there a specific form i should find before we go to the courts tomorrow?
so  the  paper  work  is  different  in  supreme court  then
My local supreme courthouse didnt have them to give to me
is this something that may need to be done inside the court house
Oh ok, I will print it out and send it to them. I can't take the chance of the courts not getting i.
Meaning i wanna go before the courts myself and do this
what can I do to let the court know that I won't be able to appear
What building should I go to in order to put in for a court date?
i though id need to go through NJ courts ?
Ok thank you so much and then I just have to take that to the court ?
yes she broke agreed in court order
the one i found does not look like the one given at court
I'm sorry, would you help me choose the correct court
if court doesn’t open in another 6 motnhs
they don't apear in court say bevcause they didnt know what it was or what to do.
i am having issues with my court situatiion and need help
I attended but the guards said the courts are close
I forgot what time my court date is where do I go online to find it?
Ohh i thought they reopened yesterday. Do you know when court will be open. How can i find updates.
I know I can win this case, no doubt, I just need council
My son cannot be in court.  He is on tour. So I need to know how the court date could be rescheduled.
Thank you so much.  With the pandemic, are the courts open?
Can I go to court and take his rights away because it has been so long.
Yes im still allowed until I receive my decision
can I get help there as well? Is the court open?
can we do this online rather than the courhouse.  She's not in the best of shape to travel to the court house
She told me to go back to queen court. And that would be my last choice.
can i always just mail it to the court or take in there in person?
it just give me supreme court , court of claims , things like that
I read that there are certain criteria that must be met or else the court would reject it
The last time I went to court they put it on hold for a year
i want to change it in the civil court instead of the supreme court
yes I went to court the first time was 03/02/2020
He says he doesn't want to go to court but I'm afraid of he ever change his mind
after that i moved here and also i went 5 times at ducehss  court
or do I need to go to court in person to find out?
do yu have forms for supreme court on this nycourts.gov site
I understand. Okay so, I would have to go into the court to start this?
I know, but I want to figure this out so when the court opens I can be ready
okay...is there a way that I can know when the courts are open? I have check the website but doesn’t say much
The court ordered for 10 years and it is long passed that time.
so this could only be realized by the court after the pandemic? hope it's not the case.
Will they be able to help me with that as well like through the court system?
No, court ordered by Supreme Court Justice.
Ok but aren't courts closed right now?
This is a writ of certiorari that I wrote to the U.S. Supreme Court -- the long version and the short version.
i have an Acs case wish it’s absolutely unfair
I did go to police one time prior to this incident for my self
i stated it very clearly it's a small simple question not for legal aid for the courts and that's hou right?
My son has been found ‘not competent’ to stand for trial. But Mid-Hudson has until 2/23 to make him such. What? Really?!!!
Hi I'm supposed to have court today?
yes, but I am afraid right now no one is working, and the courts are closed
Okay no problem they told me at court what to do but sorry I forgot where to go
All I would like to know if the courts are opened.
WHICH I HAD AT THE TIME OF THE COURTS AND HE TOLD ME IN MY FACE HE DIDNT WANT IT
my case was finalized in supreme court though
ok.  you aren't able to check if this is already before the courts?
Ok. Thank you so much. I will go ahead with the OCS. If all fails then I will await the Courts' reopening
Ok, that doesn't help. Court is Wendsday and now they are closed but thank you
Needed to know how to proceed since the courts are closed
since courts are closed will it take a long time for this to be done
Now i would like to know if the court is open to proceed
Okay Laura Thanks for your help I guess I'm going to the courthouse tomorrow. Thank you again and have a very nice weekend
Oh ok, thank you. He is affair she will say different in court in the future. She has done it before.
This is quite helpful. Thank you. Do I get it notarized at the courthouse or independently?
Oh ok. So I’ll check the courts
I know all the courts are closed so I thought I could find them online
It was a divorce 20 years ago but Family court did the modification
I know that the courts are closed and I am not sure how to do it online
i have financial problems and I have one of the credit card send me to court
Also, one last question - once we find the right form, do you know how long this would take to be approved by the courts
my next court date is dec 20
if the court has the hearing without him what wil happen
There are errors on the file.  We need a lawyer to take the case back to the Supreme Court.
I would like to know when is my court date my name is oscar Tlamani
Being that court is postponed, I guess I’m not able to do anything at the moment
so I would rather not make court convenient for them and inconvenient for me...
so I haven’t seen my daughter since March 18th and I wouldn’t be able to see her till courts open up ?
Can I get form online I won’t be able to go court
Want to know the day of court appearance
I’ve a pending case at Supreme Court (civil term) for a balance of a house i sold via short sale 7 yrs ago
No I have to make my first appear in court Feb.17
it just says supreme court of state of New York
Just in case she says yes without court.
I understand their is a form that I need to complete and file at the court.
