is it also considered contempt of a custody order?
Yes I have about custody and jurisdiction. I was logged off earlier. Apologies.
I can’t get help from the safe center now
Good evening, I have a few questions regarding my son and custody
Hello my dad got arrested yesterday and I whant to find were they took him
how can I get help as far as a safety transfer
Do you have information about transferring from legal custody to adoption?
I tried that. Nys troopers tell me I need a court paper saying i have custody in order for them to make him come home.
I'm trying to find the definition of what legal custody means. Does it include sports or is just applicable to medical and religion upbringing.
And I'm specifically looking for custody information
How can I request a lawyer Public Defender for a Custody Court Date of 11/9/2020 at 2:30? The lawyer I had moved to Fl.
Is there anyway i can get a copy of my custody paperwork off line
great. thank you. can you also help me locate a violation of the custody order form ? or process?
First enforcement if and if she still don't follow then full custody
Hi I am looking to get a copy of my final order of custody agreement
At what age can a child's wishes be heard by the judge in a custody case?
It was aggravating to know the request i made for my custody certificate wasn't sent at all
I’m on the state registry I would like to know if this impacts me in a custody battle
How would I go about this. We have an old order stating I am primary physical custody
My son is incarcerated he got mouthy with COs so they handcuffed him and beat him
Hi my name is evelina maldonado and I want to get full custody of my kids because they with there dad
do you think I’ll face any prison time ?
Even though he's been in prison since april 2015
need help finding a piealegal to help me with custody paperwork
right now I currently don't have a custody agreement set up with their father
YES, they they threw me down, and put me in handcuffs! it made me feel like a total criminal.
And can you clarify what it means to have joint legal custody but one parent has "permanent placement"
How can I start the process of full custody of my child?
can you open new case after got deportation
how would custody work and how would the assets go?
Im juzt worried a judge will think im not fit to be a mom because i sought out mental help and will grant him custody
Need help to get custody of a child living with me since last moth
and not giving him full custody in what i stated in this document
My son is an inmate at Elmira Correctional Facility on Saturday he.had.his face cut requiring 34 stitches.
How can i get  a copy of the final order of custody
She has had physical custody, but nothing court ordered
So without a hearing there's no official custody?
How can I get a copy of my visitation orders/ custody
Can you tell me about voluntary surrendering custody rights?
Is the custody modification form the form i would use?
I just want to know where I can find info on who has custody of a child
How do I complete an orc for a modification in a custody order
Is it a NYS state law that an 82 year old can not get temporary custody of their grandchildren?
what kind of the format that we should follow for the written agreement for the custody?
No I need to view my custody agreement but I lost the paperwork
I’m ha omg trouble locating custody form UCC JEA
I need a copy showing I have permanent custody
If there is no custody arrangement, does that give her the rights to keep take the baby from my home?
When we made our custody agreement many Years ago it was part of that order that he was responsible for half of all medical bills.
Was talking to someone in your chat about custody and get disconnected
Hello I was told I only need an enforcement form not a modification form, how do I go about locating just the enforcement form?
Im pretty sure I have full custody because my son's father is a non custodial parent
Where do I get help for an inmate that is not getting the medical treatment needed
not sure if I can even get an order without him being arrested ?
Can my client get copies of past custody orders from the court?
I am a Medicade managed care patient unable to find a provider for the continuation of care
im trying to get information where i can take someones parental rights?
Does "physical custody" end when the child turns 18 regardless of being in school or not?
What should I expect in IDV court (trial) for a custody case?
Kind of I guess because the paper says they was to be returned to the custody and care of the mom only which is me
im having trouble downloading the court documents for custody
I need help finding the papers i need for sole custody
he has absolutely no form of ID, it's all held hostage by his foster parents
i had a court case today and was unrepresented by a lawyer. it is a custody order.
I was given temp full custody beasuse of her violent ways and now she's acting up again.
Can you tell me how to file custody paperwork during Covid-19?
And custody i guess, because from what i understand neither one of us have custody until the court establishes it?
Looking for a lawyer for a custody case. The child resides in another county
How can I get another copy of the custody record sign by the judge?
i just need a copy of the final order of custody
Sure, the Act states that once a child has lived in a state for six months, that state has jurisdiction over any custody proceedings...
Good afternoon, i have a case that was dismissed and yet its still going we had a zoom court date
I need to find custody law guidelines
Does one necessary need to be physically served residential custody papers
I am looking for information on how to serve someone out of state with the paperwork for custody
done that in the past before kids turned 21 that how i got 3 money judgement and jail
I only have one question, is there a way to order a duplicate copy of a custody order in NYC
I am going to family court for custody of my oldest. but the dad scares me and I need help.
What is the first step to initiating a custody arrangement if one does not exist?
We have had her in our care for 18 months on July 4th
Correct. But i will still have to do that having full custody?  And or the order not specifying i can not moove. ?
All set for now, but thank you for the care...if you are a real human 😝!
Also, this is a case of parental alienation/ abduction?
I need a custody and visition modified form mailed to me
I need help with getting information regarding custody
I am trying to find out how to obtain custody agreement but don't have a filing number or anything
thanks! and custody issues such as drop off and pick up are outside the scope of this right?
mother has violated custody agreement and kept daughter for 130 days
I am not able to locate the General 17 form. I see the modification as well as the custody violation form
I need a custody lawyer in kings county
If I have the inmate number 2020729 but they ask me for a code
I just want to know where to go file for custody. Can you provide a website or phone number for that?
Yes good Afternoon,  in Sept 2019 I received
can I not show the same affidavits that I  am showing the custody hearing??
I need to get a copy of a past custody order
I have a quick question: How does the court view parental alienation in a custody case?
I said I'd send over the form for guardianship or custody - I just can't figure out which is better to send
dss sent questionnaire requesting info about home ownership..
she has never taken care of baby untill I was arrested
Other parent nor myself have gone to court for any custody proceedinga
he asks me for the inmate number that I have and the jail code
what is the difference between legal and physical custody. So basically which would I direct my focus too?
i need to know if i can find court documents for custody online
Can I print any form out for a modification in a custody agreement? Or do I have to visit the court house
AND A CURRENT CUSTODY ORDER IN PLACE... I NEED TO REVISE THE CUSTODY ORDER I CALLED AN ATTORNEY AND I CANNOT AFFORD IT
She has not had an active role as a parent in close to a year
she wants to act as if im difficult to co parent with, due to her being influenced by her live in boyfriend..
We (my family) needs a copy of a custody modification order from a few years ago.
need help on full out a vist/custody form
and do u know how long it might take queens to send me my current custody order
I need information regarding possession of a controlled substance in marijuana in the vehicle in the parking lot of a New York state prison facility
I asked them for my custody certificate all to find out they didnt send in the request to the archive at all
I need an affidavit of birth or legal custody for my daughter... How would I start this process?
Hello I need help finding a pro bono lawyer for custody case in Kings county
I lost my child custody papers how do i get a copy?
The circumstance is neglect, maltreatment and custody. How about if I try it?
I already have an existing Custody Order but I misplaced my document/final order...how can I get copies?
i need the papers to file temporary custody
I need a family lawyer for a custody case
I want to make a new custody agreement
Hi where do i find the paperwork for a violation of custody
Okay, thank you! I already have the info to Legal Aid's PRP and the Prisoner's Legal Services in Ithaca
I have permanent custody of my daughter. I need a copy of that. I lost mine
Good afternoon, is there a such thing as shared custody? If so what is the form #
I just need the paper work that shows i have full custody of my son. but didn't know how to get a copy of that.
yes, she has been in my care since Dec, 2018
without a court order or custody arrangement, can a father take a child to live with him?
Well yes it would be a custody issue but his not even on the BC there is a lot intailed with her situation
hi im deaf I want to know how it work with custody
Looking to get in touch with a free lawer with an ongoing custody case
Is there a way I can find a docket number on a custody case?
I have dealt with it before and custody/parental visitation. I just wanted to know if there’s a lawyer I could be referred to
My ex filed custody paperwork to get full custody of our daughter and I don’t know what to do or where to start
Yes. Okay I just have a question because I cant get through to my local collections office
I apologize the facility is called Bain Correctional Center
I also did a lot of overtime last year but I don't want it to increase or stay the same just for 2 kids
I am looking for help in changing a custody order into a guardianship
He filed the petition for custody. I was mailed a summons to appear in court. He did not receive any instruction to appear.
We just went to court they will not do custody until we are living in separate residences
i want to file for sole custody in suffolk county
I have a copy judge order custody my kids
I was never properly trained by a "safety training procedure manager"
How do obtain the paperwork to file for residential custody?
i need to get a copy of my order of custody
Thank you, I went to DIY forms but we dont currently have a custody order.
i need a paper to said i have a sole custody
Yes sole custody no the child is currently residing with the mother
i need free legal counseling regarding my pending custody case
grandson parents are not capable of taking care of the child
I want to know , do I have to be served person to person custody court papers ?
I’m reaching out because I need to know what the procedure is for custody arrangements with the virus being so dangerous right now.
U need the custody hearing for the passport
Hello! I just wanted to know how am I able to get an extra  copy of my custody order at the moment? Thank you
Good morning, I need the custody form  on pdf
Hi good afternoon, I am having trouble locating the forms for custody.
We’re can i find info about my aunt if she was arrested
i need a custody order or sole legal custody for my children
I need help with a custody/visit mod petiton
How do I get a mediator to help with parents 50/50 custody schedule
Hi, where do i go if I need to get copies of a court order custody agreement from 2012 in Queens County, NY?
where does it allow you to write the reason for the custody order to be changed
I need help to get a copy of a custody order.
Hi. I would like to know if the courts are open for custody cases? If no, how do I proceed?
SHe was granted custody by teh court order.
I need help finding full custody paperwork
I am a mental health clinician working with a child and have a custody question.
I need a free lawyer for 10am January 29th. For a custody case at kings family court
what low regulate a Custody after parents diy
YesHello I have full custody of my kids and looking do
If I lost any type of custody would I get a letter in the mail stating that?
Do you guys help a grandparent file for custody in Ulster county?
Thank you.  I noticed the 'custody modification form' but there's never been a custody issue in court.
Yes she does have custody but problems in the home is why she came here on her own. She walked here.  No father involved
I don't find  the paper  work  to take  custody
hello how can I serve someone in a prison with custody papers ? What are my options
And can someone be granted custody/guardianship of my children even if they reside with me?
I wanted to file for custody and have a court appointed lawyer
What's the difference between having full custody and filling for absentee father ?
need help filing custody papers and violations
I need information on a Covid19 issue, concerning my son in an Correctional Facility
I am looking for a prisoner who was taken to Buffalo NY and by name I cannot find him, can you help me?
What form do I need for unmarried parents when we have not gone to court for custody?
currently I have physical custody but I need court order in other to make decisions on his behalf
Help with a custody case and a possible case with cps
Good afternoon, where do I find the paperwork to file for full custody of my daughter?
Hi, how can i get  a copy of my permanent order of custody
Good afternoon. How can I obtain a copy of a custody order?
The court did say NY hold jurisdiction..and my main concern is that I want my daughter back in NY
I received a letter stating that there was a court order “To show cause” and on that paper talks about custody
I want to get full custody of my children , what are things that would help me in my case
and how can I retain a copy of the custody and visitation order.
I think he needs supervised and parenting classes
Oh - that's great news! Do you handle custody matters?
To make sure my custody paperwork does not go void
placed in foster care on Sunday. I want custody of my son and for him me out the system
How can I go about starting a child custody case?
I don't want my son to go to foster care. But there are thing's that are inappropriate
Ok the custody case is for grandmothers. I am the grandmother
How do I get a copy of  my original custody order?
I need help locating a file number for custody case from 4 years ago. How can I obtain that information?
Okay thank you! And in terms of free civil legal services for incarcerated folk, would Legal Aid's Prisoner's Rights Project be the best bet?
how do I get the child remove and placed back into ACS custody?
U talk about organization can help me with housing and custody I need that information too
Ok how long will fighting the custody take ?
Lol kinda of knew that I just don’t want to go through the custody thing we already have our agreements
I just called legal services for questions on emer custody order
I hv physical custody but not legal. My son's Legend and Zaire Williams 9 yrs and 3yrs old
My daughter wants to grant me temporary custody of my grandson voluntarily. How do we begin this process and how long does it take?
It’s no custody order in place but I’m the full time parent
No, acutally, I just want my partner, the man who has raised her, to have legal custody of her with me
which of the forms do i use to change temporary custody to permanent custody
I am currently preparing for trial for a custody case and can't adequately answer the complaint by the deadline
hello I was told I could begin the process of filing for custody of my child online. Is this possible on this website?
Cps case. Custody case arrest case. All 3 intertwine with each other
