My child support is in Westchester county, but I now live in north Carolina
my claim is in NY because my company is in NY and that’s where I live
thank you I will call and seek help for him and yes I do live in NY as well.
Yes. My daughter lives in Oneida county. However I live in Madison county.
He lives in Amityville Ny I live in Philadelphia pa
So, I'm a 17 year old living in NY, and want to get emancipated.
I live in Orange county she lives in Albany I'm not sure which county that is
Yes but I live in Connecticut....my children live up there
I been living back in my for over 10 years and father resides in Florida
I really don't know. She was earlier this year in May. But they have relocated to the state of Georgia
I live in Schenectady with the kids but our family court is Albany county cause we used to live in Albany
I got married in Florida, and am now living in NY. Will this be a problem?
how can i get a copy of the decision being that i moved to Florida a few months ago
we live in florida- he's in attica- which i believe is wyoming county NY
I live in nassau county and my son resides in queens
If I'm not a resident of New York how can they take double?
Trying but sick of Florida. I live in Buffalo. (Clarence)
Yes, I am in Queens NY,  but he is in Milwaukee, Wisconsin
But because I'm in Chicago I can't get help here n nyc won't help cause I'm not there
i am in NY, but the mother is currently in another state
i live in manhatthan but the child lives in queens
i live in south carolina but my case is in new york  .
Hi look for attorney licensed both in ny and pennsavania have a special case I live in chautauqua county
Thanks if you need the states I'm in NY and he is Florida
i live in Elmira New York, however, my daughter lives in Rochester NY. The court order for child support is in Monroe county too
It could be all NYC, but of course I'd prefer Brooklyn
I live in Florida but am currently working in Massachusetts for a few months
No, he was born in NY I moved to New Hampshire about a year ago and just moved back to NY 3 weeks ago
yes. i have a hearing tomoorow but i live in florida
I live in Delaware but trying to get guardianship of my cousin in Queens NY
What about the state of Arizona? I have a question but I’m in Arizona not New York.
I live Tennessee county my state. I don't live near my city
Good Morning, I am 36 years old I live in Watertown NY witch is in the county of Jefferson
It’s not my grandchild. I’m just helping a friend but she lives in Middletown ny. Not sure of the county
He is not move back to ny he said just stay 2 months in ny to solve his stuffs then go back seattle
he moved to GA to live with me july 2019
I’m in another state but my case is in New York
I also live in a different state and have no had any assistance over the phone
hello, i live in rochester, ny (not in NYC)
I ATTEMPTED TO FILE IN MANHATTAN AND WAS TOLD I HAD TO FILE IN BROOKLY BECAUSE THAT IS WHERE THE MOTHER RESIDES. I LIVE UPSTATE
No I don't I live in queens and my case is in brooklyn
I know just need to know if I can file online since I don’t live in New York ?
We got married in nyc but have been living in nj for 2 years.  Does it matter where we filed
I live outside of NY but my office is in Manhattan
How can I file for custody of my son if he lived New Hampshire and I live in NY
I live in north Carolina but mother of children live NY.
mother no longer lives in NY she lives in NJ
She was living in Pa at the time but she’s back in New York now
thank you for your help.  I miss New York because of services such as this.
Do I apply online or do I have to go directly to courts I live in NJ but the child currently resides in Syracuse NY
The case is in Orange County NY and I would like to change it to NYC
Thank you. I do not like in Nassau county. I live in queens county but my case is in massai
yes my husband and I live in Clinton county Ny but the guy lives in Vt
No the child does not live in Jefferson county, but it is where it was entered
my application was rejected for needing a court order, but I live in Pennsylvania
none of us live in Pennsylvania over 10 years
I currently live in LA but the child was born in NY and I’m in NY once a month
Non custodial parent lives in NC
I live in Westchester county I can take her by me. If that is possible.  It would be easier
Yes.  I live in Brooklyn but my daughter resides in Queens
That would be wonderful. We live in Florida and the case is in NY
i also don't live in ny anymore
I live in Buffalo, but have a civil case in NYC
Child is with me in PA. Father moved back to NY.
I don't live in New York so I'm trying to find a form online
God can I go bout doing do I live in va
I don't live in New York can you guide me what my right are to.
my name is lavaughn johnson and i reside in pennesylvania but have a active case in new york
is by court order and I live in buffalo is anyway I can change that
Yes I do, They live in upstate New York, I reside in Connecticut
im a resident of Suffolk but the case is in Queens
the case is in Nassau County. However, I live in Queens, NY
My child does not want too reside where he is in New York City
nobody lives in Florida but case is still being held there
We live in Wyoming County now but the Custody order is for Monroe County
I do not reside in NYC I reside in PA. My daughter resides in NY with him.
Im not sure if I need to get one in Ny or in the state I’m currently living in
I received a letter from Florida department of revenue  ( child support) I don't live in Florida and I do not have kids.
ok but i dont live in the bronx i live upstate ny
I live in CA,but the case in Delaware county
Hi Latoya, my name is Yvonne Allsopp I  now live in Charlotte NC . Was a resident for 61 years in NY S  Yes
thank you so very much. I don't live in usptate NY anymore
i was trying to find fotrms online but i couldn't specifically for NY state
we live in schenectady county but the case is out of saratoga bc she resides there
I am living in one of their buildings in Brooklyn but ICL organization main office in NYC is on Manhattan
And regarding if my husband can sell our home without my consent. It is in his name. Yes I live in Elbridge, NY
I would like to know how I go about adopting my grandson who lives in NY if I live in NC
no still live in new york city
I live in Virginia but my case is in orange county new York
Ok thank you does it matter if I live in Florida and he is in ny
I live in Troy NY and am in a CPS case thru Schenectady, NY My appointed lawyer isn't helping me. I need aocal lawyer ASAP.
Hello, how do I file for visitation for my son. I live in Niagara Falls and he lives in Staten Island NY with his mother.
Will it be able to help me in my county? I don't live in that end of NY.
So even though they were married in Puerto Rico, she would be able to file for divorce based on NY's residency requirements?
I live in Minneapolis but my case is in New York.
I live in nassau county, he lives in fl.. but the test was done in nassau county like 20 years ago
the other problem is that since 8/8/18 the girls and I moved to Florida, the mother resides in Long Island
I live in broome but I'm not positive of their county
I don't live in Brooklyn I live in Dutchess County
I worked in multiple states including NY so want to check the eligibility
I previously lived in Nassau county with my fiancee. I don't have a NYC address as I am truly homeless. Will that be a problem?
I reside in Orange but my ex resides in Westchester
It was an interstate case.  I lived in NY and the non custodial parent lived in Maryland.
I live in Connecticut the dad lives in Manhattan
I got married in Westchester county.  I now live in putnam County. does it matter where I file for separation from my spouse
That’s the last time I heard he was living in Indiana but nothing other than that.
I have court on the 16th in NY and I live in Colorado
She has never lived in NY , from what I am aware of which is low , she got all assistances from VA
I have a court case in New York but I currently live out of state.
I tried my sisters place too but they only take clients from Yonkers not Bronx, NY
our case is in NYS but I live in atlanta GA
I currently live in Boston, MA, but my parents who declare me as independents live in Cortland, New York in Cortland county
So is there no way for me to get emancipated in New York
i currently live in Virginia but having trouble with my NY Workman’s Comp case
i don't live in new york city
I live in Albany but the case is in Suffolk Co NY
Thats the problem we dont know exactly where she moved in to rhode island
Child lives in Brooklyn. I live in NJ.
I just want to make sure since I no longer reside in NY
So even if i lived in Florida as long as the mom lives in Ny does it still go by NY?>
I dont live in NY City.. I live in the State of ny..
I live in New Hampshire and they live in Utica Ny
Can I get a support seeing that I am here in panama city panama  and he is there in ny
That  was for New York City, I am in Upstate New York
There is I got married in Cleveland but I live in NY
I live in mahopac ny,but the case is in westchester ny
In present I live in Casey  Illinois  but we do the custody in New York .
I will be relocating to NY - where my ex-wife and daughter reside. She currently has custody through an agreement in the state where I reside.
I had to come to Chicago  where I can not find a place to live
That's for people in NYC...I live in Upstate NY
I live in fulton, but I will need to go to oswego supreme court for my stuff
yes I am currently staying at parents in Glendale falls. I recently changed my physical address from Glendale falls to Queensbury ny
I live in nj but shes in geneva ny
I live in manhattan, but he has residence in staten island
The issue is in Brooklyn but I live in bronx ny
I never lived in new york and our kids lived in dc the bulk of their lives.
i currently reside in Ga but originally from Ny
my son is moving in with me from NY and he will  be 17 years old
however service was online as I don’t live in Long Island
currently I reside in new rochelle ny
i used to live in NY state i now live in FL
i have a custody hearing in orange county but i livre in onondaga county and need legal representation
I live in Nassau county, so I can’t use that, right?
She had an apartment in NYC, but she also split time on Long island, staying at her moms house in Suffolk
like if i live in riverhead that will be in riverhead court
I am a landlord , I have apartments in Oneida, ny which is Madison county but I live in Oneida county.
I live on Brooklyn , but my kids are with their mom in smithtown .. I don't know where to file?
Actually, i dont have access to the letter right now as i am not in New York State recently.
Yes i live in NY he lives in Vermont.  He has a warrant for his arrest issued from NY
He lived in NY so probably. Otherwise could be nassau
I live in Niagara County, and it is not one of the counties for eligibility
like what are the residency requirements for me and my spouse. I am a resident of Schenectady County but my wife is not
OK great my son and his mother resides in the Bronx New York City and I reside in Manhattan in New York City
i live in Columbia county but my sister and the property in question is in dutchess county.
we live in schenectady but the court case is in saratoga bc she resides there
I live in New Jersey, but I work in New York
i live in florida now and dad lives in ny
How can I get a copy of my child support order if I no longer live in New York?
I'm not in NYC I'm in Oneida county
Hi my daughters and I are living outside of nyc presently but eventually we wld like to return to ny to live
And I live in New York , Long Island
My children live in Connecticut can i ow them and here ny
I can file online because I live in NJ and the court in ALBANY ?
The child doesnt live in new york city this information is based off new york city
He use to live in Albany I'm sorry
My case is in new York but I live and work in Pennsylvania
I dont live in New York anymore
What if the parent is receiving public assistance from NY while residing in another state. Is that even possible?
I live in Ohio but the case is in Kings County
I live in rochester ny the landlord lives in nyc
i live in Connecticut but he lives in new york
That's it. I can take it from there. I also live in a different state.
I live in erie County but my son is in Syracuse. I was told I had to file there
I'm not in NYC  I'm in long island nassau county
I am trying to help a friend who lives in NY - I’m an out of state atty. just a basic question
I live in NJ and this is a case in Bronx, NY
I live in Queens but I spend most of the time in Manhattan studying,  so I prefer something in Manhattan
im not in buffalo though im in rochester ny
Ok thanks. I acted pro se. I am in texas but my case is in ny.
we reside in Richmond county however the case was in manhattan
my mom lives here in new york but my father is i believe in florida
It’s in New Jersey but I had to leave the house and come to New York with my parents.
Ok what forms do I need and where can I pick them up, I live in NYC
Also I live in orange county New York not New York City
I live in Brooklyn NY, but my previous court order was done in The Bronx NY.
The apartment is in Astoria, Queens NY, but I’m living in Connecticut with my sister
i would like to know how to get a copy of my nyc custody order when i live out of state
My family and I are seeking Legal Assistance but don't reside in the State of New York
I live in Manhattan in New York City
Also question we did move from the time this occurred  we now live in Delaware  we just retired down there
I don't live in NY I live in Ohio. The deceased lived in NY but their will was written and signed in Ohio
however their establishments home office is in missouri
Same problem that I had.  Apparently upstate doesn't matter.
I WAS IN MANHATTAN OVER THE WEEKEND BUT HAD TO RETURN UPSTATE FOR WORK
Yes, the Manhattan NY number may be a problem since I don't live in the 5 boroughs....I'm in Dutchess County.
Now me and my family is stranded in Albany where we live and can’t move around without a car.
I'm not in NYC. I'm outside on long island.
Yes - I live in the state of NJ with my 2 children
no houston texas well i live in houston texas
I'm not NYC. I'm upstate NY. Totally different
I live in Brooklyn now but I have easy access to Manhattan and queens, even Jersey city
I am living in North Carolina now, disabled and will have to come to NY for this. He had no will!
I'm not in NYC, I"m in Nassau County Long Island, oh ok the 2nd one then
Hello  I have a child support border from NY. I live in Texas how can I modify the order
Is this just for New York City? I do not live in the city.
Yes i live in new york city
But how can I notarize the form if I am abroad and my ex is in NY? Are there ways to do that?
Where would I go to get a copy of my divorce decree? My ex filed in kings county I live in Colorado does it matter?
I live in Otsego county are they not open up yet
I'm looking for a lawyer for a specific incident. We reside in NY, however, the conflict regarding employment occurred in California
I do not live in the state of ny but he did and i was trying to do it online
Never mother nor the father still reside in the state of New York. The father resides in Virginia and the mother resides in Florida.
i live in onondaga county ny and have no way to be there personally
Hello I want to know how to start a child support case in NY, I live in another state and need help finding the father
