The mail in vare of is the mailing address,  correct?
i have no idea why i am getting those mail from housing court
We have had communication but she cut it off and has text that she wishes her  mom to speak for her. She is 19.
I can just write the notes to you, in an email, and then you can forward them on -- that would be great.  Thanks much.
sorry here i am again it’s not in my email maybe shd try again
the school is ok with the letter since court is close for this services
last nite I received an email stating
you think you would help word and write the letter
I am attending via conference call since I am overseas but I get what you are saying
I have kept communication open with Mr . Hayden. I have documents, emails and texts.
I will need email addresses bc that's how I communicate. I am deaf and hard of hearing and cant understand all peech over the phs
Okay thank you so much is there a specific address needed for the arrears letter?
They contacted my employer last Thursday and spoke to them last Friday. Friday I received an email that effective Saturday I was furloughed.
I called back its changed to spanish , i called back and it goes to voice mail
I contacted the legal aid society, and no one answer. I can not leave a voicemail. Do you have an email from them, please?
Im am interested in form for a 14 day letter
Maybe help with writing another email?
Good afternoon I wanted to know the correct email so I can email the form I just finish
I may lose the signal anytime ,this is my email: hajeraljahmi@gmail.com
i dont want to lose custody but i would allow her to go to school in jersey he is asking me to write a letter
oh an email would b very much appreciated
I went to court is closed I write a letter to the court they tell me that I have to wait
I copy and paste everything I just wrote 4 times
so i received subpoena one through mail and one inperson
Can i send a cerfited letter giving him a dead line 31 days to retrieve his belongs?
(besides the prepaid return envelope and the U.S. postal order)
and i tried everything to get them to let me get my mail
Yes I did that but never gotten email. I just did it again too but nothing came through
The email continued to say that if we wanted to continue with our request, we would have to have our Dr. complete this additional form
Appreciate it, how will i receive them? via chat or email
ACS has an active investigation and I communicate with the Worker via email
Ok yes I just called left a voicemail
Had the Marshal close my apartment even though a letter wasn't mailed but placed on my door that I never received
I have all the emails and chats transcription with them, the lower can see all of them
If they dont answer the phone can you provide me an email
Hope I dont need to rewrite what I wrote
building is 2465 Palisade Avenue, Bronx 10463. No mail delivery in about one week
you think I can receive my document through email today
Also thanks for the email I was worried I’d lose links and info! That’s super helpful
I got a message saying that I won't get an email until after the chat ends
I'm supposed to make a payment starting this week when I received my first letter yesterday
and he keeps emailing me telling me to give him my son
The original purchase was made 9/22/20 I have yet to received any shipment info even after my call and emails
OK, I think I'm going to have to shoot them en email.
I'm trying to open your email but I'm unable to open it.
I got an e mail last nite
i received the letter not too long ago and wasn't served properly
my first name was written incorrectly on the letter
Do I have to go to court right away I just got the letter today
OK. I wait your respond me to my email ; juanfransh@msn.com
an attachment is there a format to include a 2nd sheet?
Guy told me he recorded me printed out all messages emails recorded voicemails etc
Thank-you for your help. I will use the links when I get the email.
yes i have had no communication in the last almost 5 years now
CA. Will not send me the documents.  I have to download them  off my e_mail
Yes I was told I will receive a email noting yet
That would be great because the bottom of the letter is asking me to send info back to the lawyers email or the landlord
I plan to appeal when the letter comes in the mail
ok thank you. Everything will be by mail or email
would it help if I wrote a letter to florida court?
so my current boyfriend rec'd a letter in the mail stating that he has $5k in arrears of CS due
I need legal advice from a lawyer About hand written invitation letters
How long is the text available with a rep before its closed out
I filled already and have appt letter but i don't have any other ID
Yes. For every Saturday, but I get texts last minute that they can’t come. Then the texts just stopped
Thanks. So I email OSC to that email. Thanks, have a great weekend
Can I get help with someone sending him a letter from the legal dept notifying him that what he is doing is illegal?
Somebody has been leaving comments on private emails. Is there a legal recourse for breach of privacy?
I received right to suit letter from EEOC
They send me papers in the mail to go to court I was never notified about the case at all
I previously submitted via email but it wasn't the correct address
The first one is closed currently and I’m assuming the second office probably is too right? So ill make the calls tomorrow
or you have other numbers I can call them? or any email address I can have for help?
Thank you very much, will you keep my email and not share it with other companies?
so I’m trying to see if there is a way I can do it online or threw mail as soon as possible
need to know  if i can give them a written demand letter
The only thing is can I use a different address to mail because he has the mailbox key
Another question if I file everything today will he be notify by email about filing forms?
Ok.  Thank you. I will check my email. You've been of great help.
But I don’t know if I was supposed to receive some sort of letter stating this ?
but i provided a letter showing that money went to pay for school and then
And yesterday there were 2 certified letters on the mailbox
but I need somebody to go to them because the refuse email
Hi so I am wondering where I could find a lawyer who could write a letter to an agency for me
I don't see an envelope depressed the three Don's but I don't see an envelope
How can I modify or remove a NYS child support order?
Can I file by mail, and hire someone to serve and appear for me?
I have been in contact with him by letter several times and he has not responded.
OK I have to write all this down. Once our conversation ends will this message dissapea . Can you email this to me
picture and text messages have been provided to landlords staff
but the same situation. voicemail only and it was full can't accept any messages
so I just tell them my issue as I stated to you? Do I have to provide  any specific information when emailing?
I got a letter I need to know what it is in reference to
they gave me an email but i need to speak to someone asap and hopefully get a court date
But I wasn't sure about the next step since I didn't receive any confirmation email back to me.
Ok can you take my email so when you find it you can email it to me?
He has a written note from the mother with permission as well
I need to know exactly what my has to write in order to have me work remotely from home.
I texted her saying to send me a receipt so I know for sure a check is coming my way
ok will try emailing them and explaining it thank you
No it was a verbal agreement between myself and her mother that our daughter would stay with me for as long as she wants,
I have emails, and the fake google numbers he created saved, and all the messages he’s sent I have a log of everything
Need legal help to recover losses and inform public so that others do not suffer same fate. I have photos and doctor’s letter.
I need a lawyer to deliver a legal demand letter for me.
Thank you . No the other person doesnt have access to my email or pc . But thank you for your help amd this information
he emailed today stating he will only be sending just over $800
yes,  and then the complaint arrived via U.S. mail only.  says service attempted but we don't believe it.  and nothing was taped to our door.
May we talk through the phone. There is too much information to text.
Thank you. I'm not sure I understand how to e-file. I send to an email address?
I found the notice outside of my door this morning.  Never received Any other noticed by mail
I never receive a court notice in mail
Okay, thank you.  Is it okay to hand-write within the form since you can't type within.
VERY SHADY THINGS ARE HAPPENING AND I HAVE ALL MY COMMUNICATIONS LOGGED
carla8899@msn.com this is my email in case we get disconnected
She gave me until the 16th of this month. But had it delivered on the 21st, by mail on the 25th.
does that matter ? and if i am able to get a letter from him would it work indicating he is fine with it?
i need some directions about serving paper to the other party via an email
My address has been repeatedly robbed and our mail tampered with.
They could be, how do I move that information to my email, once I log off here, I'll lose this??
I don't see the email yet.  So just in case, let me copy and paste the resources.  Hold on for a minute.
i told him to try an email as well if no one is there
the school asking for a letter that im ok
im going to email this chat to myself and start looking at the links. Ty!stay safe as well
the problem is that the mailbox with my mail in it is from a different unit
no we just had a verbal agreement for the last 18 years
They gave me a paper back and told me I will receive something in the mail or a phone call
I dont know what kind of mail I'm going to get
do you know what email i would have to email for address.
I write faster than I type. Thank God.
My case is closed since April 13 and they are still charging me
in 2017 a layer sent us a letter stated they wanted there money
and a recording of him saying he uses drugs and emails of him funding drug dealers
i'm sorry, have you been writing something? i dont see it
This is Fine I'm writing to get information for my daughter
I did speak to someone yesterday too and filled out my email to have chat sent to me but I didn’t get anything
Sorry I started typing before seeing your txt
We do not have a printer. That's why mail would be easier for him to fill out and mail back.
back in june 2019, he does not have mail coming here
my old court date Was July 23rd. Got a letter saying I will get another letter which I never did. Thank you so much
We are frantic because my daughter was told this am not to send out emails birth announcements yet. Thanks.
i submitted with a company call quick evic and they already sent them letters. On saturday someone came drop off paper to them
I also made my situation and details clear to my employer c a text , email and tried to reach in phone calls
So is a notarized letter  enough to get ball rolling
ugh, she confirmed via email taht she told me to complain to albany. sorry, i just wanna make sure the information is clear
She never talked on the phone only through email and Google Hangouts. And thankfully Google keeps everything
i have copies of certified mail proving that i have responded several times
NOT RECEIVE NOTHING MY EMAIL MAIL NATOHING
I’ve reached out to the different agencies to request copies of all correspondence and have not had any success with getting this information
I'm trying to find a name of my judge online because I would like to write her a letter
I try to call them no answer I email them nothing .
The letter went to my dads house. I didn’t even know I had a court date
yes, i even copied and paste the email directly from here
Ose q oneline entrando a ese email no puede hacer nada
Thank you I will definitely read this when we are finished corresponding.
I need their email adress so I could send them document through Law Help interactive
Okay I send an e-mail to the VirtualOrangeFamilyCourt requesting a form for change of venue?
I haven’t been in contact. And they told me I should receive something in the mail and I have not
Let me try emailing it to myself. Can you give me one moment thank you
Ok, how do I check what the court seems as essential (letter E on the pdf)
Im aware, my request is what that direct email would be as well what forms I'm meant to actually be filling
I need help finding a legal aid attorney to write, sign, and deliver a legal demand letter.
i was also told but the clerks to write a letter
They may have but didn't know I get A lot of junk mail I don't open everything
I need the email to file an order of protection
yes I already researched that at length. At the moment I just need help with that email as this is my next step.
that sucks! can you give me the info again, and where do I enter my email
I made copies of the texts, emails, check she gave me and stopped it later
I filled out a form similar but what next mail it in
I went to the EEOC and received a right to sue letter
One said they are too busy, I have the rejection letter
All I get is a voice mail with no message box
however, they are fully operational online, they send their promotional emails everyday
Please send email to contact them please
when I call they tell me I will get an appointment by mail
i need to write a letter to the manager, condo board and their attorneys . I need help doing that. I am a senior.
I need to write a letter to the manager and the con
Hello I am helping a friend with a communication disorder
understood. Should I also print my text messages to the last known number?
I was just told to write a letter and a check and mail it
I want a lawyer to write a letter to a company that has my money can a lawyer do that for me
I remember that they said im going to resive a letter but I don’t have it yet
I mean I can't find envelope when I click on 3 dots
OK I believe it went through I can't access my email from here. But if it didn't I can visit this chat again. Lol
I’m located in Brooklyn, but the letter is coming from Manhattan
said I would receive further info in the mail.
The due day was today so I sent him a 30 days notice letter yesterday saying I will leave the aprtment
Supposedly yes. A letter was left taped to my mothers door.
i just so happend to be in nyc and got the letter in the mail at my parents house
They called me and said to respond back via email to me
I have tried the scu email once but no answer. I'll try those I guess. Thank you for your time and help!
HOW DO I CONTACT THE FIRST ONE. I SEE NO EMAIL
On the part that says my SSN, may I not write it to the packet that would go to them?
I have 8 days to reply to an Suspension letter that I think is biased against me.
and if it's easiest, I'm happy to chat via phone
Not yet. I did leave a voicemail but no one has gotten back to me
I thought I would have gotten a call or email by now...okay
Do u know the address the email would be coming from
A lawyer for the mail tampering issue is needed
we were told to call a number that rings for hours unanswered, and the email "info@assigned.com" replies as an inactive client
I will forward it to the family. Not sure which email Art( my friend ) is using, he has 2or3.
ok thank you! how do I find out more information in regards to a letter I received today?
ok i,ll try to write ok?
I have a letter from St. Peter’s to confirm this
Thats was he email me, but I never received notifications or an email about the situation.
let me check email quickly. Yes you were clear.
But at the same time she's received letters that she must vacate.
I need help finding an attorney to delivery a demand letter for me
Due to my work, it is easier to communicate via email and would like to feel more at ease will legal advice
