Determining in which state a petition for custody can be made, when the separated parents live in different states
can i file a petition for custody online, via electornic filing?
how do i efile a custody order petition counterclaim
what are the service requirements for a petition for custody modification?
I am looking for free/ low legal services to help me with my sole custody petition scheduled for October 15th.
Can someone file a custody petition in a different county then where the child lives in new york?
I would like to file a petition for custody of my daughter. How do i go about doing that, since the courts are now closed?
I want to petition the court for custody of my child
I would like to know on how to filed a custody petition for my children
My court case is over but I wanted to file a petition for full custody of my children back
I saw that page however im still unclear . I would like to know if filing a custody petition is considered
I still have the same question. Is the petition different or the same to file for custody of the child
I want to file a petition for custody for my son
Can I get the form online to file a petition for full custody of my children
can someone file a custody petition now in bronx family court?
I want to file a petition for custody I want my son back
I need to file a petition for custody for my son . How should I go about doing it
i need help filing for custody petition
i would like to petition the court for legal and physical custody of my children that live in other states.
i want to file a new custody petition
There is a pending petition by mother to get custody but the children are saying that we r hurting them
how can i file a custody petition in kings county online?
If you plead to neglect do you still have to goto court if now the mother wants to fight for custody
but fyi, i'm pretty sure that you can file custody petitions electronically in nyc family court
how can I get confirmation of submitted custody petition application?
I need to file a petition for full custody of my daughter
How do I file a petition for Custody and Child Support??
I would like to know due to covid if family court is open so I can file a custody petition
i Want to file a child custody petition at the Bronx family court but I want to know if that service is available
Hello, where can I find the Custody petition form ?
My Son wants to file a joint custody petition
One last thing, what about a petition to have joint legal custody?
i want to petition the court for full custody reason being my child was molested by her grandfather
I'd like to know the website for filing a petition for custody online.
I out in a petition for sole custody based on this and other reasons I consider her not to be fit.
I need the form to start a petition for custody there is no petition filed already so I’m starting from the beginning
Petition for someone not following custody court order
Hello I want file a petition for sole custody of my autistic daughter
It is for a custody petition, but I have also filed a petition for support modification
how do I file a custody modification petition in court during these times?
I am looking for a form for new custody petition
Family court petition form 17 for custody
I need to file custody petition paperwork. I don't how to gather a information.
we have a joint custody order in which I would like to Petition for sole custody
Hello my name is shiann heyward i want to file a petition for legal custody.
I want to file a petition for sole custody of my child
Is there a way to file a custody petition online and not in the court house
How do I file a petition for my ex gf breaking a court ordered custody agreement
i want to know if I can go in to the family court and file a child custody petition
How do you file a petition for joint custody on this website?
I am looking to appeal a custody decision.  I also want to apply for a stay of proceedings (CPLR2201).  I need help/guidance in doing so.
i would like to know where I can get a form to start a petition for custody of my granddaughter
she filed a petition for custody but the courts have closed .
I need to file a new petition for custody of my children
Can i file a petition for custody if no order is existing?
Hello i need help to file a custody petition
I want to download and mail a petition for child support and custody
yes and Hi I am looking for a link to a dyi custody form  for to file an original order in chemung county
what forms are needed to start a petition for joint custody for unmarried parents?
I was hoping there would be a DIY custody petition
I've printed up the petition for custody form
I would like to file for custody of my daughter. Is that petition available online or do I have to go to the court house?
hi im looking for the petition to file for custody. neither me or his father has full custody but i want custody of my child
Hi, I'm looking for a relocation petition to file in NY.
What forms does Sullivan County use for custody petition
I have a Custody Enforcement Petition. Is this the Emergency Petition the judge was talking about?
Where do I mail a custody petition for Bronx Family Court
1) are Petitions  to file for a violation of a custody order in family court online?
Who is the 3rd child custody petition  addressed to ? I have one for each of the childs  parents
I wanna appeal my case to get custody back for my child
How can I file a custody petition with the courts being closed due to covid19
I would like help filing a joint custody petition
i would like to know what I could do after I file a petition for custody of my granddaughter
I would like to file a writ of habeus corpus, custody for my children, and a divorce petition
Where would I go to file a new petition of custody
I am looking to get assistance in filing a petition to change my current custody/visition order
Hello I would just like to download a custody petition. No idea how
I need assistance with child custody petitions
Hi, are the courts open to file new petitions for custody?
I would like to file a custody petition
Yes children  no court order for custody
How do I find the papers to print off for a custody petition
I need to speak to someone, preferably for free, and get advice before I file a petition for custody.
Hi! I just wanted to know If someone has a warrant in another state can they still file for custody in New York?
I need help with split custody petitions
Hi I would like to file for petition of custody
can i file a petition for full legal custody on the diy form if there isn’t an existing order?
I need to find a relocation petition form
I am filing a petition for Full Custody of my Son.
What form do I use to start a custody petition?
I need to file an Order to Show Cause and Petition for Modification of an Order of Custody
i need to know how to file a petition of custody
Hello how do I start the process of a custody agreement with my daughters mother
Im looking for the form 17 petition for custody
I would like to file a custody petition. Where can I send the application?
I would like to know when will the family court be open to file a custody petition
I need the petition to file for custody of a child
I’d like to file a petition for custody and child support
I just want to file a normal custody petition how do file for it
Where can I get the forms to petition for full custody and child support
And the grand parent who is also mentally ill filed a petition for custody
good morning, I'm a father of the child, a pro se petitioner in custody case in Queens County Family Court.
i would like to file a custody petition but i do not know how to
Ok what i need to do for receive  a paper petition of custody
Good morning i wanted to know what all i need to take to court to petition for temporary custody
Where can I go to put a custody petition in for my son
can i file a petition for full custody at the same time?
I looking for a download able file for custody petition
I was told by CPS to file a V custody petition
I need to file a petition to become a legal guardian for my mom
I’m trying to submit a petition for full custody
please help me find the emergency custody petition so i can try to print it out and go from there
Hi, So I filed an Custody petition Upstate and my child's father took my son and fled Oneida County and went to Richmond County
I’m looking for custody petition form online
I want to file a petition for custody Over my son
I would like to file a custody and visitation petition. Can I do that virtually?
i wanted to know is there a way to file a petition for child support and custody during covid 19
I wanna file a custody petition
i dont know if it's considered an emergency petition I just need to efile a petition for custody
I want to know what to do to start a custody petition
Hello I wanted to know if there is a site that I can get forms for petition  for sole custody  on line since Covid
Is there a date to open or except custody petitions?
Or file motion to vacate arrest warrant as well???
i was wondering if you can help me submission of a petition for custody
Yes, I think I have the right papers.. It says Petition for Enforcement of an Order of Custody
can I petition for custody of my kids without using a lawyer
I checked and they only have forms for custody petitions already established
Can one go through Onondaga county ny court system if petitioning for custody of child from Oneida county ny court system ?
I need help filing a custody petition
i am supposed to file a petition to prove paternity of my child so I can file for sole custody
I want to know what an how to file a full custody petition
I don't see a DIY custody petition on this site, though
I just want to petition for sole custody of my daughter
Do you know anything in regards to filing a custody petition?
I am looking for a petition for violation of custody paperwork
i am looking for a lawyer and court for a lawsuit against fulton county child protective services
motion to change attorney in a custody case
This is my first time doing this. I would like to file a custody petition as well as child support
What forms do i need to file a visitation/custody petition
Can I file an emergency petition to prevent relocation
Is there a specific Petition I need to file in regards to custody if I am not a parent of the child
Hello I need help with my full custody petition I don’t understand the legal jargon.
and does the paternity petition need to be filed before a custody petition, or can they be filed at the same time?
I need to know how to file a petition for custody for my mom
I already filed a modification for custody and will need to file a petition for child support too
would you be able to help me find the forms needed to start a custody petition?
petition and custody general form gf 40
if I need to petition for custody do we file online or in-person during the pandemic?
I am looking for a petition to transfer custody of my daughter to my parents.
I would like to file a petition for custody of my child, how would i do so?
How can I file an emergency petition of modification of custody?
When I file a motion for sole custody how will it proceed being that there is covid
hi so i need to file a writ for my daughter that i have sole legal custody for
i just need to know if i can start a petitionj here online for full custody
I see sample petitions for custody modification. Are there sample forms for opposition to such a petition?
Hi I would like to file a petition for full custody for my daughters
If a persons looking to seek physical custody of their children want to file a petition what petition would they be filing?
I need to file for a relocation request with the non custodial parent
I need help filing out the custody petition
I'm looking to file an emergency custody petition in erie county how do I do that ?
I would like a form to petition for sole custody of my 3 year old daughter.
Good morning. I am a pro se petitioner in a custody case. I filed it 2 years ago requesting shared custody of the child.
Hi, I am just interested in confirming if custody petitions cannot be filed remotely?
I need to have a petition regarding residential custody with my ex we already have a 50-50 custody agreement signed by the judge in 2015
I need to get a copy of a final custody petition
I will like to petition for full custody of my child
There isn’t a form to start a custody petition
How do I file a petition for custody in tioga county
i filed a petition for custody, would I be able to cancel it ?
so I want to file a child custody petition but I do not see the form online
I want to know what paperwork do I need to petition for full custody for my children
Hi good afternoon I want to star a petition for custody
I would just like to know how can I file a petition for full custody in Brooklyn, NY?
I would like to file a petition for legal and physical custody of my daughter. Are the courts open for me to proceed?
The Petition form for Child Custody . So I can file online for the upcoming Child placement Court meeting
I would like to find the custody petitionform
and also where can I find the form to file a petition for sole custody
I need a modification petition and custody petition
I’m looking for help and services to file a petition for full custody of my daughter from her father
I want to put in a petition for joint custody of my child
I would like to file a petition for custody but I can’t find the form
Hello I would to petition for custody of my child when the a order of protection currently in place. How I proceed?
I am in need of assistance in filing a custody petition for the first time for my grandson.
I want to file a petition for child custody
I know i need to file a petition for custody but what happens after that?
how can i file electronically custody petition online
i wanted to know the steps in filing petition for custody during COVID-19
I just need the relocation petition form. Where do I find that
I need to file a petition for child custody but the courts are closed
And will it cost anything to file a custody petition?
I am looking to appeal a custody decision. I also want to apply for a stay of proceedings (CPLR2201). I need help/guidance in doing so.
Hello I want to file a petition for custody and visitation
I wanted to know information on filing for sole custody. Is I file a petition do I have to go to court to file it?
Im looking to file a petition for custody
i would like to file a petition for custody and child support
I see you have sample petitions for custody modification. Do you have sample forms for an opposition to custody modification?
Would it be okay to let the judge know on Friday that I have also filed a petition for custody?
I am trying to assist a mother with getting custody of her children and I am not sure of the petition form
can i file a supplement to a custody petition if I get more information after filing?
I’m looking for the link to file a petition of custody for my nephews
Alright. I see. What about the petition for sole custody or any custody based on the alienation?
I was just chatting with you about a form to petition for custody and got disconnected
none of those thinks helped me file a petition online for full custody
one question can I file the custody petition online ?
I was wondering if you can file a petition for custody in Queens County via online
I would like to start a petition for full custody but im not sure if an appointment it required do to covid.
