he says he isn't sure he did that last time
I don’t know why places people are not doing a lot things lately!
seriously, no one is not helping because Ihave gone to place that they have told me to go to
Yes I am in a much better place, thank you
not sure i'm looking at the right thing
hi good afternoon i have a question i got fired for some thing i did do
Now when I call. I get lost in all what seem to be diffrent. Because of this pandemic
Thank you so much, I have been through so much and no one has been as helpful as you are right now.
i know everyone says same thing at last
Oh ok. Thank you so much. This is helpful enough. All I need for now. Ty.
Ok thank u I’ll try then tomorrow
He's been telling me is going to take care of it for almost a year now.
everything she say she was going to do the next day she did it
My eyes is bad I see the words different I’m sorry about that
but I’m afraid it’s may be enough
She’s turning 18 in 2 weeks
So they just said they were not sure if they would make the actual move
thank you molly, get it together! This was a waste of my time
I havent found any place that would do it, if you think you can then thats great
Hopefully I get it, lol not really educatioally inclined
then the other party is doing some stuff that i feel isnt right
Ok let me try this  one , if anything I’ll be back thank you again
I don’t want to go back. I’m almost 17
Yes i will definitely follow up if nothing but I’m pretty sure they did this before
I don't know yet there is lot to go through
Thank you I will look into some of the things you suggest. Thank you
Hi Lucas, ok thank you yes id like to continue
at least 500 is there anything else i'm missing?
I feel like they not listining to nothing im saying
I will need to do that also as I'm basically doing everything.
I can't imagine I am the only one experiencing this. Is there anything I can do?
Awesome. Thank you for u help.  On it right now
No I think that’s all for right now thanks again. Have a great day
I was starting to , I wasn’t to sure if that was the correct way to do so
I just wanna feel whole again...I gotta do something
that was the best i was able to find as well so far, thank you
He said he won’t contest it but you know things can always change.
This has been an on going thing and I’m so tired but I need help
Someone told me that courts are still closed and that I should wait March-April before attempting anything.
I imagine it will get very aggressive so I am treading lightly here
Ok thank you. & Stay COVID safe. Have a nice afternoon. Bye
I would like to know my rights and if there is anything I can do
Yes.  It unequivocally false and i am under duress because i dont know what she is capable of
Just not sure at this point that 40 minutes will be enough time to go through everything.
what if that person was staying behind when they knew to leave and do there thing
Thank you ! Im working on that and it’s been much easier to get help
No problem.  I had a hard time finding anything so any help is appreciated
Well they held on to it and they said they was going to give it to us but took
FIRST AND FOREMOST THANK YOU FOR TAKING THE TIME TO HELP ME. IT MEANS SI MUCH.
Well i got multiple things going on
will try anything and everything thank you again Lindsey
Its a big mess to be fair and tryping it out isnt somethi g i have much time for at the moment
They are saying all kinds of wrong things about me and saying all this stuff to make me look bad
Yes that’d be great! Anything is helpful at this point
The other day nothing would go thru for me either
I really need it to have to put down for a different place
I thought they automatically get taken off when they turn 21
Thank you. It's taking me a while to get to this point I've been very afraid that no one would help.
ok. sure, I get it.. but it ain't like that here, that's all I'm sayin.
yes, it gave me 30 choices, actually
He said so but never came back to issue anything
if I want to see my new born daughter and the mother won’t let me .. what is the best thing to do
i cant think of anything else at the moment  again thanks
just wanna know what can I do in the mean time
I heard something like this must be done within 3 months
should I be worried at all? Because on one hand I’m actually not doing anything wrong
once i told them i will be looking into a atoner they started changing there tune a lil
I have been going back and forward with this for 3 years now
I've made it this far!! Hoping I can succeed!!
Every time I turn around she is finding something to complain about. That is irrelevant
No not yet. I'm looking for help to do something about this
That’s another thing I have no idea how long does that take
I'm getting extremely nervous and I honestly don't know where to turn.
we tried but the dont seem to help us one person tells us one thing and another person something else
You have help me so much thank you. I dont think i need anything else.
there something compliments I wanna make
They keep telling me that someone is coming out and no one does not come out
Never been through this kind of stuff I’m sorry
I already checked this option and isn't much helpful
Awesome, thank you so much. Is there anything else I can do or start with that?
its my first offense I don’t know anything
im not sure really i try multiple times before covid even came
I have been looking for a few days now and I think I'm just going in the same circle
No you've been a great help by giving me a direction to go in
I can't think of anything else right now
Yes that’s why I am looking for some one else
Sorry. I’m excited to get some help
They won't help either they tell me to go online , I can't win
Exactly... So since everything is closed i don't know how to find out what's going on
I called them too many times to mention know one knows if it wet to DA
Thank you for your help. I guess I’m all set
Not right now I'm going to do what you just told me thank you for your help
Thank you very much for your help hope this will help me because I don't know which way I was to go
No thanks I think they said 18 is legal. I just want to hear it clearly
What do you say it’s better to try them tomorrow then
That's mean there are no other way to find help
I have 3 because i am preparing for anything i might need.
I've never been through this, so I wasn't sure exactly what to do.
they are doing what they know best not putting themself in a sitution and avoiding it and this is what they have done SEVERAL TIMES
thats what im talking abiut he has made ut where hes in control of what i get on and anything
That’s all I can think of right now. Thank you so much, again.
Hi :)  actually not sure if I’ve chosen the right avenue , but here goes
so how or why would he appear didnt know what it was nothing was said
I’m hoping it’s not one I’ve tried already
no.  i am sure they are located on line.  so what you are saying is that i am stuck...
They are both over 60 years old if this makes a difference
I see,well, I wont take up any more time, thank you again
Hello.    if you could not help me just say that or turn it over to somebody else you can't just do nothing
Thank you for all your help I will try is there a way I can follow up with you Lauren?
Yeah that's what I've been encountering as well
Yes I'm sure this is probably not uncommon
i has one more question but I’m having a difficult time remembering it at the moment
So I.just want to start the process because its already been 9 years
say something and it can be taken wrong way but thats NOT ABUSE
I can get somewhere from here. I just needed the direction to go.
i’ve been Denid snap I need help
No I didn’t know I suppose do that I find out like 4 months ago
would you say in all likelyhood i have a good chance of having it stopped or you really cant say
I’m sorry I don’t know what do you mean by that
I haven’t done that yet, that’s a great idea too. Thank you
so i want to know what are the chances of this being granted if i go through this?
There are ones who told me this is the direction I have to go because of what’s going on
i am doing the dyi but every time i get click to get started it takes me to the page but nothing happens
my apt is apparently run by a company not a individual does that change anything
I’ve been dealing with it for a long 10 years .. I’m so tired .
Okay, that sounds like a good option
At this point I don't trust anything he say but I would like to know my options
Cops told me everything got pushed to further dates
I would like to know what I should get ready
ok i will do whatever i have to...my daughter is 15 i would assume she has a say in this as well
Is that clear enough or do you need me to be a little more specific?
Yes I just need to know where to go or what our options are
I hope I don’t have to type everything that transpired again
Thank you so so much!  this is beyond any help I've been able to receive for the past 5 days
That’s why I’m asking to see how things are functioning now
hello I’m in a the midst of a could be big issue
Okay. So what exactly is the process of something like this, and what can I expect when it comes down to the day of?
Hi I’m looking to get help with a issue I’m having
Is there anything I can do in the mean time until they open back up
You’re saying maybe what I did will be considered as kidnap?
Yes that seemed to work better. Thank you so much
are u still there? or did u leave i know it’s after 5 i’m sorry
and I don’t know the first thing to start or how to go about it anyway
I can’t focus on getting better because of the stress of responding to them and thinking what to say
she wants to make sure she is doing things the right way
I did this 2 times already in the last year And they basically said oh well.
hardest thing I’ve ever done
Ohhh ok, I’ll give it another try
I want to know what I still can do legally after so many years
She has in the same place for 4 years and just recently fell behind
Also besides running things are being thrown down.
Yes, because I’m out of USA now and I can’t go back at this moment!!!....
At 3 he has no memory.he is special needs and delayed so he's more like 2
It’s not giving the option for The reason I won’t to change it
I'm really hoping that you can help because I've been fighting this battle for a long time I need help now
no you’ve been great thank you so much and stay safe🙏🏽
It’s scary and i was told it’s illegal what he’s doing
I don't know exactly where to turn right now.
We can't look for for another place right now
i just want to be sure im doing the right thing.
what else would I need to do moving forward
Thank you so much theres nothing else
ok thanks. i wasn't sure if that was printable or not
Sorry ... rambling but in other words I need to take care of this at the moment
Ive done so, every time I respond with what they want they find something else they “need”
I need help in finding out what’s going on and why is it taking so long
Yes I would be interested , there a few more inconvenient and that’s why I need help
Ok. Is there anything I can do right now to prevent my son's father from taking him?
Yeah it’s not good and I think I know why they aren’t helping us
I’m sorry I am handicapped and need to get from on car to another
Ok I’ll try that one and see
I wanna see if I'm in ot
He's all sound very promising and much more than what I've gotten today anywhere else.
I thank God every day that it’s starting to come out what they are doing to us
It was put in place about 9 years ago
Thank you very much! It’s ok I’m fine
Ok, that sounds good. I will look at all the options you suggested. Thank you for your help.
I couldnt say. It woukd have to be up to them to say because i dont really know to a certain extent
At this current time, I do believe I am all set thank you. ^^
Ok i will..once I hear something I will pop back you to let you know
wanted to know the step in getting this in place
but my daughter and I felt rushed and don’t feel threatened or anything
I don’t know it’d that’s fair
meant to say nell..thanks again for your help..i am all set.
ok im checking it out  now thank u
ok thank you i will do both after i the forms i will call and set appt
No I think I have it all if I need anything else I can come back right .
This is really annoying! It’s ok I’ll try again with someone else
i feel like its poking the bear if you know what i mean
They said it would take 3 weeks. Then i would be able to pick it up.
Yes one more thing though if thats ok
I had one but it was years ago and we never changed it
thank you so much for trying to help and being so patient
You guys took too long to respond and it times out
Is that the number I would need seems to far away
which one do i use and what are my time franes to respond
Ok, thanks for your assistance. I will try to get through to them the best I can.
It all boils down to very unsafe things I could never have going on purchaseing
Yes, something similar; however, I was looking for something more simple.
I’ll play the lottery. If I win more than a million I will text you and give you some Grace.
I need to get one in the first place
I m in a bad spot right now I don't know just what I should do
it's so hard to find this date.  I looked every where. thank you so much.
I’ve given them a few months to try to make things right & get no where
Yes you are correct..I guess my good nature sometimes  ends up hurting me lol
I'm sorry I misunderstood my husband question... Are you helping inmates with 8 years or more in to get home?
