Hi, I was terminated from my private disability insurance on Monday
The hearing concerns my application for a period of disability and disability insurance, also concerns my application for supplemental security income
History: I have Crohn's disease. I've been hospitalized over a dozen times. I've never feared for my life, like I did that night
Both. Housing situation and identity theft. Both are instigated by the same people.
Thank you I have no insurance so I not able to see a doctor.
im looking for resources to obtain safe housing for a victim of identity theft by an abuser
Is this fraud on her part. Maybe press charges??
My decease brother pension plan with nycers beneficiary was changed
Victim of disability and family violence blocked from all donestic violence resources as abuser is dad not spouse
I would like advice about a non disclosure agreement
Yes. I have a friend who says he can’t get stamps
I found a lot of lawyers, but because the electric scooter has no insurance!  Many lawyers have rejected me for fear of not receiving money
Yes it's not a family issue it is a harassment issue from a neighbor below.
I already pay towards my 125k loans monthly
Hurry I have to work at home my employer is risking me and my coworkers lives
i received a settlement but i do get medicare/Medicaid and would like to keep my insurance
I just can't afford anything because we just lost everything in the fire and didn't get paid fully what we were due by the insurance
I'm wondering what my rights are with regards to knowing details of work to what mortgage co did while on forbearance plan.
I need to know what type of lawer I need to sue a Dr that is taking advantage of my medical insurance
Can you help me find a health insurance claims denial lawyer?
Hi. I was in a car accident. I was not at fault. However the other driver has no insurance and my car was totaled.
i wish i can be able to speak to someone but now i have no insurance due to i lost my job
id like to try to do this on my own since with four kids and no support i need to worry about my bills
Is a non-custodial parent responsible for both the order and health care insurance
I am behind my mortgage and utility bills is there any ways I can get some help?
ohhh sorry it is i think a civil case it is about a property damage insurance claim
House in my deceased moms name and no mortgage paid .
I just want the number and address to the malpractice insurance company
At what age is a parent obligated to carry a child’s health insurance
I am a low income senior and need assistance re my home mortgage
I had added her name to the mortgage deed/title of the house sometime back.
yes please as we need the unemployment and 3 other ladies have comprised immune problems.  We deal with about the public daily.
Hello, I’d like to know what can I do if I have fallen victim of a predatory mortgage?
He’s still paying the mortgage, etc
the person ordered to pay is changing jobs and moving to Florida and we are looking to make different arrangements
Housing mortgage I would need either way
I am also aware Freddie Mac mortgages are eligible for up to 360 days of covid forbearance due to being unemployed
I can give you a index number. The suit is against  multiple  parties concerning workmanship comp insurance. There isn't  anything  spelled  out
my husband is required to pay for health insurance for my step son
The only other issue I’m dealing with in court is mortgage
Thanks, that's helpful.  Will the references you provided help her take action to get the mortgage in her name?
ive read the nys moratorium on mortgages and rent holds but it isn’t quite specific in my case.
Im experiencing issues with my student loan company and potential consumer fraud.
No...insurance, car, jewelry, credit cards. Shared apartment.
Sorry - has federal insurance they REFUSE to give me my money.
I do.  It is not addressed, or specifically laid out in our agreement.  Only that we split the college expenses
I would like to add him on my insurance from my workplace. I just don't know how to do so.
my husband went back to work in August, and we updated insurance income information.
If I lose my job, I will not have health insurance. Is this permitted?
I received a letter in the mail fading about unemployment insurance monetary benefit determination I don't understand at all
We paid for my stepson's health insurance but now he is 21.  Are we obligated to keep him on our insurance?
the law regarding health insurance for children under 21
I would like to know what do i do if insurance companies are telling me they do not provide coverage for hiv care
My daughters father wont give me insurance cards. So I need to being him to court
THe Co-Op is taaken out a loan to have a Major Capitol improvment undertaking
The income from tenants cover mortgage, costs and insurance and leaves extra money.
He has a settlement and insurance checks he gets every 2 weeks besides social security and disability
Yes I am trying to get assigned a public public defender if you can help me out to get a lawyer sign for me
When I called to certify the person on the other end said that I should be under Pandemic unemployment assistance not unemployment insurance.
I live in berrien County and i need to know how i put my niece in foster care
Hi, Paisley, I am the person with a daughter with bed bug issues...
no. It happened in front of my home. I am not covered by insurance at this time.
Each shareholder will be assesssed for the loan based on there shares
rather social security survivors and pension do month to month.
If she sells to grandson will she have to get full amount or can she hold mortgage?
my landlord will not accept money and has cut my electric and most of my appliances
May I have lawny malpractice insurance information please
Me and my kids mother decided to make arrangements without the courts.
No homeowners insurance agency will cover the pre existing damages.
Sorry should have specified, it is also a Freddie Mac owned mortgage.
They are garnishing support from me but I still have to pay my bills and buy clothing  and food for my girls.
Or If he able to provide her health insurance would the court make me switch to his plan
which makes things a bit trickier to sue
Need answers for overpayment with social security
I’m m trying to find out a parent’s obligation for carrying health insurance
I was wondering if we can make our landlord and someone fixing something in our apartment wear a mask because our child is immune suppressed
but medicaid has a rule which is if you enroll with it you have to stay in that insurance for a year
An attorney is needed at this point. I can not even insure the address until all repairs are fixed.
The clothing I bought him, food, car insurance, a new car, tow truck services,football tickets, gas for his car
Do you know of any attorneys in my county that charge for their services that deal with unemployment insurance
Another question do you know of any like special provisions that are veterans have when it comes to public housing
I was my father’s health proxy and I signed to be responsible for his bills while living in a nursing home
I am looking to get an insurance claim for time loss from improper medical treatment, lack of government help and insurance negligence.
The only co pays is for prescription and dental and glasses
The bank does not have to do anything with this. I'm applying for a mortgage and that item appeared.
They thought it was stolen plates but I brought my registration and new plates to confirm it was not
I have some questions about whether I am eligible for unemployment insurance. I read through the overview and fact sheet but still have questions.
I can tell you it is for damage d property insurance claim for non payment
I need a place or person who can discern the origin of noxious fumes and what they are
I want to find a lawyer who can represent my late husband unemployment insurance cases with NYS department of labor
What forms do I need to sue my insurance company
I was denied unemployment insurance I fell and broke my leg my job okayed my claim
I was wondering. I do dental insurance claim for a dental office - I am an employee
I will consider that, but $35 to even find out how much defense in court would cost is, honestly, a hardship
sure! child health insurance was changed without any notification.
Im in Dunkirk Ny. Yes my anxiety is really high about this.
I’m looking for information regarding employee health insurance issues when leaving a job
i need to avail with lawyer that desks with civil case such as age and gender discrimination with harassments
have a commercial lease, renting since 2014.  I am also a registered nurse.
Erica also can you tell me what I can use these loans for
PRAY WE STAY ON OUR SSI AND KEEP  OUR HUD ROOF OVER OUR HEAD B SAFE OUT THERE, OK HELEN URPHY NYC
I know id have to check with the insurance company to see if he removed me 1st
Can I be sued in civil court for insurance claim money
Yes, although I was not in the car, I was not driving. It was registered & insured in my name
I received a bill for a student loan I did not know about.
I am using the NY state health insurance and I heard that the new law will depart any one using this kind of insurance
I do not drive and because of being Diabetic was advised not to travel by public bus service
How do I get and qualify for Raft help with first and last with rental
I understand. I want to know who is lawny legal malpractice insurance company. I don’t need a referral for an attorney with lawny
I am concerned about how this will impact my pension savings (still an active employee)
I would like to know how I can go about taking a bank to court in regards to a loan
Need to remove or modify health insurance court ordered
I'm just looking for any loans from the governemnt for hardship or homeless or needy folks
and also loan money towards the car
Satisfaction of Mortgage was never received by title company and they are holding money in escrow
Want to take over our daughter Lia's Medical aaaaaaaaamd Mental insurance ASAP
I tried paying my mortgage but they wouldn't take my money
we need help to find how my brother in-law can be a guardianship of my mom inlaw
if my husband goes on my insurance would it be ok for my step son to go on too
I was recently in a minor car accident-no one got injured and the damage was on the cars mainly
Hi I need free legal help with my medical claim in which I was told it was covered by insurance and it wasn’t
I have a home with a mortgage and I am behind on my payments.  Can I get a one shot deal
They have withheld health insurance from my eldest son for about 4 months
so I stop receiving benefits from ss for about little more then year so my Medicare part A was cut off
it's my understanding that a forced sale would allow the homeowner to force his ex to sell, and would be relieved of the mortgage
that the state wouldn’t give her insurance because she didn’t have full custody
I need to find an attorney that deals with unemployment insurance
Hi...thank you.  I was placed in a hotel in Brooklyn by my insurance company because i had a massive fire in my apartment...
Claim I owed nys workers comp for non insurance
I have underlying health concerns as well being that I am a acute asthmatic my landlords refuse to wär face mask when entering my place.
I'm really worried I might lose my Medicare as I don't have any other insurance.
how does the bank count mortgage arrears? when do they stop accumuating?
the land lord made the repairs i paid nothing for the repairs
does other things like buying clothes and other stuff count as CS?
I lost the connection. I need a health insurance claims denial lawyer
I’m very scared and stressed and don’t know what to do as I have first mortgage schedule to pay November
1. is it legal in the state of New york to buy insurance before a land lord rent you an appointment
I just got my permanent resident -greencard in March, so I don't have a social security number yet ,because office is been closed
Didn't pay the bills and I am in serious debts.  Lied and changed my life insurance policies.
Loan was to repair a house to sell it. How can she secure that loan besides a mortgage.
I COMPLAINED TO NJ AND NY INSURANCE FRAUD YHEY RWFISE TO INVESTIGATE
Some people are abusing it and other people's housing security because of it.  I feel victimized by this
Can you tell me the process on how to find out who holds the mortgage?
a car that costs me $1000/month just payment and insurance
there is someone in his apartment and doesnt pay and I'm scared it will get ruied
Not at the time. I appreciate all of your help. Unless there is any information for guaranteed loans from the government
my baby is on my health insurance she is on everything of mine i dont understand
I'm concerned because of the life insurance policy I will be disqualified for the medicaid I'm receiving.
i can’t contact her doctors or even her and I’m scared for her safety while she’s admitted
I have a lot of info but I'm going to start printing things up, starting with his duties and responsibilities and etc.
I still pay all my mortgages and bills and they have not offer to help with nothing
Hello: Are there any available resources for a victim of identity theft and abuse to obtain safe housing?
These lawyers help with health insurance application?
Not covered by landlord insurance,  I've read that is required
My sister and brother in law were on the deed, the mortgage was in his name however I am the 1 that pays he mortgage.
hi thank you.  Maybe you can point me to a place to get help w/unemployment insurance
Thank you. I am also interested in potentially buying the house. How can I find out what bank owns the mortgage?
Her car insurance doesn't want to help us to fix our car when it was their clients fault
To make a claim in the bank like her near family
I have a HELOC on my home that is 5 months late is this  a secure loan
which the day of the accident I was insured, and now apparently the insurance is on Liquidation and won’t pay the damages
How do I apply and qualify for raft help with first and last
yes am paying health care and he already had heatlth care so i would like to ask the court to cancel that
he is looking for a lawyer to help him with his life insurance benefits and changing the beneficiaries but he is insisting on a lawyer
i need to know if the Death Insurance is considered an asset?
He sold the house for the exact amount owed on the mortgage. and took additional funds outside of this
also we didn’t know loan is like a mortgage but you don’t own a home
My insurance would except him I already know that
My mom is in a nursing home.  I need to get guardianship over my 14 yr old brother.
He has the police report from the incident and could get access to any documents necessary from his insurance
I did have a car issue with my insurance but I know that court date is later in the year
i still have to pay my mortgage and I pay all their bills
Not sure bank or store it was clothing account like fingerhut
we believe he cobbed a lot of the work in order to pocket more insurance money
No, I took some classes at the university but my statute as a student was non matriculate so I couldn't get students loans,
Need advice on buying my husband share of mortgage property
but the cops bruised my face and skin touched me sexually and bruised my bones so I find it odd to be so complicated
i have a daughter no job and no vehicle and I'm terrified to be homeless in a pandemic
in the meantime I want to pay a private health insurance for him
I just wanted to know how do I contact a office for a ssdi insurance hearing
Like I would like to write one up, but am not sure if a non disclosure agreement works with my situation
No this person is trying to have me lock up involuntary commitment in hosptial prevent me live my life
Ok it’s just that it signs out when I have to place my password in my phone from timenout
hi.! My aughter's father changed her health insurance in Novembe. He claimed that he did it in court but i did not have any notification
She has a house with a mortgage and bank accounts I need access to.
I'm having issues with the sponsor who sold me my current Condominium and its still not liveable.
it is a dress store specializing in gowns, evening dresses , prom dresses
the insurance company is Assurant- lender based insurance. They cover only structural only. He has purposely dragged this on and on and on.
This insurance had high deductibles or just her doctors did not take the insurance.
going through an identity theft and then a partner has taken over my whole identity and has been this past year
How do I start a case that deals with student loan and debt's and I'm on SSI disability
One more thing. They posted before and after pictures on their Facebook. Without my consent, which have my personal property like my address as well.
I had Aetna insurance coverage via employer - I now no longer work for
no my kids are under 18 and we did buy a house but deed and mortgage is in my name only
thank you, so far i have delt with cover up. i will try
I need assistance on a case that is related to an insurance related matter that was not handled in good faith.
I don’t understand why my insurance would have me call the at fault drivers insurance
i barely have any money leftover after i pay my mortgage.
he told me he would make the mortgage go away,
Hello I wanted to know if you can help refer me to a lawyer that can help me malpractice, someone stealing car insurance money
I need him around to help me with laundry groceries my doctor
Yes I'm trying to find out how do I get a guardian ship letter for my daughter for her father's life insurance.
MY daughter has been denied medical attention because she now has no insurance
