but then what happens ? He goes to jail ? Or he pays bail ?
i have a 10 year order of protection on his biological father he does not know him and he knows my fiance as his father
She 8 months pregnant high risk and baby can be here anyday and he stress ing her out
The kid pulled apart the conduit and the railing off in basement
I'm not sure which steps to take first because I never had to do this before
Is there specific laws pertaining to unfit parents?
Got it, thanks much. Have a good afternoon.
the handwriting is not very clear I can't recognize 100%
Yes a few minutes ago. Is about my social security.
And the mother will still be around the baby when the grandmother is around her
right thats all pretty general information. -i'm looking for some more specifics about a newborn child etc.
Im going to go outside to call because i. Ant rake it the beam is on my leg and head
we were told that we needed documentation of some sort to access the unit.
then it rained hard so he was left in the rain. Although the other niece called ambulance
that she also can let our boys get te belt by him either, the social worker
Sure, that would be great. An organization that deals with college students who have been able to receive the benefits would be ideal
I guess that's all...so next step...check links and make the calls...right?
Okay, and where would I find the documnets I need
I am familiar with the Geneva office. I will try them thank you so much
The link doesn't list Queens attorney.
Hi! Can I get information on guardianship of an elderly parent?
Merry christmas and happy new year !!!!!!!!!
imnlooking for a step parent adoption lawyer
i wanted to know what is a residential parent to do when a non custodial parent refuses to bring back children after a visit
Basically what can i do? The insurance won't speak with me bc he has gotten friendly with my ex (adjuster).
and the boys get spanked at another grandma
I’m sorry what is the order of steps to take
Hi! Good afternoon! I could have information in Spanish
What is the Process on a divorce with no kids involved and does the woman get alimony?
i suspect he has gone back to leaking information to family members so when he takes the estate, they'll be on his side.
also my child attend private school because of religious purposes, can that be included in the order?
Hello I’m looking for legal service In reinstating parental rights
violating an order of protection. Wife said she’s gonna have it dropped on that day
Well I moved a bit closer to them now and for one of my kids she goes to school 10 minutes from me now
THE PLAINTIFF SAYS SHE HAS SERVER INJURIES AND CAR DAMAGE.  AS PER THE PAPER I AM READING.
If the child works and does not attend college does that falls under those requirements?
That I know but I’m talking about the mediation outside of the court room
that was my instinct on the 17 year old - could be 18 by the time they get to court
Hi. So sorry I lost the chat and the links
Hello, I was trying to find a Life Estates Deed Firm... Any on your site? Or is that available at Staples or office supply store??
I am looking for information on second parent adoption, i dont know where i should go to get help to start the process.
what about fostering, is there a similar type fostering arrangement
So to be clear , if they do not arrest him , he will not know about the order ? Correct
Need help starting an administration proceeding
Good afternoon Tim, I hope all is well.
That give information, but not an actual form or place to make an appointment in court
I have the grandmothers address but everytime someone tires to serve her she never no where to be found.
Does a parent who have physical custody need to disclose their babysitter information to the parents who has visitation right?
Hi, today i was served papers from my sons father who has not been in his life since he was an infant
Can he serve my mother or does it have to physically get in my hands ?
family abduction of a young adult. Stalking and harassment surveillance. Borderline familial trafficking very toxic complex circumstance that un progress difficult to describe. Sorry.
What is the standard practice if we're still living with the father.
I did the DIY can you please provide me with the next step
No one answers the phones in lift I tried that already...
There are 3 paint chips that are quarter sized.
If my aunts have been arrested by the DEA and we have not had an inmate number or a police report
yes one just graduated May 22 2020 and another that is in college and is 18 years of age
I am not working at the moment what kind of proof do I need for that?
ok I wanted to make sure this is a secure chat
I have visited this site, I just need a simple link to the rules of court as most states have
What are the steps involved in stepparent adoption in New York?
I’m sorry about story but I’m not sure where to begin at this point
We had it drawn up when she was 2. I don't think we even added anything school related then
My friend lived with her Dad for many years in his apartment taking care of him.
The chat ended with the question I had about my rights as a non-custodial parent that has become disabled and cannot return the child
It is in new York state, but not finalized yet.
A couple questions... am I able to view the actual order online?
The custodial parent moved to  anther state.
I jist tell you already read upside
yes so i feel like myhands are tied but something needs to be done
Or after they complete basic training and are actually enlisted?
this is all so upsetting and such a manipulated scheme to make it seem like I'm an abusive mother
I really don’t know.  I will have to do some additional reading.  Thank you.
My mom was in a nursing home at the time of the will being made up
She says to make arrangements to pick it up but we can never get a hold of er to make arrangement  to do that
If she never decides to show up, the authorities can become involved, basically?
the terms are that the they come to an agreement that the father approves. The return date was the 20th
I am scared for my sanity and life.  I don't know what to do.  These are parents.  I am 37 years old.
His mother gets involve and shes another part of the problem.
it states im liable if the custodial parent has them most of the time
all court proceedings finalizes within the first 6 months of birth
At this point the repairs in my apartment began to get completed, but with the lowest of quality and attention to detail.
my daughter has a criminal case, DWI that occurred in Westchester, but we live in Ulster.  How does she get a public defender?
Right now I will look into these resources and try to figure my next steps. Thank you for your help!
Thank you.  I've started the mediation  process.
every time I open my window, he bangs some pots and pans.
I want to know where do I receive my spouse money
You did amazing! We will continue the training in a couple minutes.
Yes, Thank you for you help. I’m sure a lot of parents are in this same situation
I don't need an attorney at the moment. I would just like information on the process for stepparent adoption in New York, please.
(yeah, you don't want to mention that - that is the computer's approximate location)
Tons of proof of the parents are very unfit and extraordinary circumstances
We told her you are lying you didnt do your job because the kids were abandoned in Ohio
Due process was not followed or given. And Yes, I feel I was wrongfully terminated without the proper steps being followed.
Another operator said he would transfer time to LIFT liftonline.org
my daughter father is in jail I want to know how to get full custody of her what’s steps I need to take
I’m a filmmaker and currently making a film
If you are an unmarried mother do you automatically have full custody?
Right so with all the pages, there is no step by step instructions
gave them the information regarding her job and daycare center which she states my son goes
A student threatened to shoot my daughter the principal is acting like my daughter is lying and the student was allowed to stay in school
the mother has already filed for custody in Monroe county
thats the type of attorney i need. Who do you recommend?
Im try to either retrieve my old passport from the National Passport Agency because it is still valid and not expired or expedit the renewal
The only complications are (1) It Taking place in Israel, and (2) my being broke.
The settlement says to age 21 I pay for her
if i call them, they might send adult protective services. could make things worse
i bought a car from facebook from some one that i know
When I click on the three dots there is no envelope what do I push
I’m young, physically disabled,  helpless, hopeless, and homeless so if that’s not enough detail,
i am trying to determine the nuances between guardianship or custody of a child
I was a stay at home mom before all this began three years ago
Arrested for violating parole penal code 220.39 does that mean jail tine
Thank you. Also this situation involves custodial surrender from one state to another state in the USA
Now they are calling the police stated that he making threats to the school
im almost 19yrs old & live else where but am continuing school
on my weeks wither myself or my wife pick him up from the school bus
yes i guess the lady said i need to get a lawyer for some reason
Yes. How can I get a copy of the record of a voluntary surrender of parental rights?
Ok situation is I’m currently living with him in his mom house
Yeah seeking a ride the next step I need to do thank you for your help
My sister has mental issues.  She blows up by emotionally abusing my mum every couple days blaming her for things that don't make sense.
Would I be able to schedule a court consultation if I'm the noncustodial parent?
would pictures or videos of my ex smoking and  handling weed be useful?
If someone gets an order of protection put in place, what happens if they do not show up to the hearing?
ok I’ll check out the last website you recommended
If there is one you would recommend I would be interested in finding out more about them
Good afternoon Mike.  I would like to know how does an individual find out what their parental rights are?
Just an informal angry drunken ‘get the f out’
If you read the way they write things, you'll quickly see they probably can't tie their own shoes.
I understand. Thanks for your help Celine! Have a great day! :)
is there a general rule for what happens with a newborn child when mom wants as much custody as possible?
Can a small company fire a person who is legitimately ill because the employee runs out of sick time?
WALKING IS TOO PAINFUL WITH SPINE AND DAMAGE TO NEURMUSCULAR BUT IT HAS BEEN FECAL MATTER IN THE APT, ABESTOS ANDN MOLD STILL
I'm a social worker at an elementary school in washington heights and I came across a single immigrant mom who wants guidance
he can tell anyone he lives with dad mostly
See that's why I'm confused then why would the cop tell me that I'm not allowed to take my daughter?
which means that as I learned my cousin is an Worker as well and was babysitting my niece during the time of the call.
maybe 2 hours away from the border
What steps I do need to take and also how this may affect me regarding benefits I would be eligible to receive.
Hi yes I’m looking for a lawyer who can help with two car accidents
I have a lot of information regarding the potential process, however, we need to have legal advise/services to complete the process.
I have alot on the subject I will present and was hoping to be guided to the proper next step
So if I wanted to get a passport for her or anything I need his permission?
Yes we rent a trailer and the wire that provides power from the pole into the house is not put in correctly
Protocol for nursing home where a resident tests positive
I was chatting with Olivia we lost connection she knows about my case
I have 15 year old traffic non moving violations, broken headlight, tailpipe broken
Hi, I have textual evidence of a parent voluntarily giving up their rights. How do I go about finalizing that in court?
I would like to know the easiest way to develop a simple will
Ok let me take picture this time.
basically that im ok with her going to school with him
we would like to see how to schedule an appointment to begin the child custody process
i.e. an extreme example of a parent keeping the child away physically from the parent for many months.
some are related to landlord tenant and then there are somethings related to a old mortgage
I need to get. EXEMPLIFIED RECORD of the estate of EILEEN WAGNER
can i file a small estate administration, and then if more assets are found begin a large administration?
My son is telling his principal he wants to stay at his mom and go to school in buffalo
ok  so this same chat website ask for a LIFT operator?
the super doesn’t fix when a work order is placed and the landlord lies about fixing
he also tells inappropriate jokes where at times she feels harrassed
No sorry, just a cellphone. But once I’m on that site, what should I do? Can you give me a step by step?
no one is 20 and the other one that will be 18 in April I am having him wait until he turns 18
i tried the 1st one and their line is not working , but im definitely checking the 2nd one
Let's say I don't go to court and the child's mother decides to move to another state can that happen ??
uccjea is when the child is out of state. the child is in NY
The order needed to modified when the child goes to kindergarten this fall
like the guards they are required to install them.  is it the same for window gates for fire escape.
Do you think the courts will open up by next month? Somehow I feel like things will be in limbo for a long time.
My three daughters and I are currently in a hotel. I was told safe homes would be able to help us.
Max I was just in the process of a long chat with an operator named Esther. Is she available? Our connection got lost
what government agency or agencies fund the building and running of nursing homes, adult homes and rehabilitation facilities
If a child is 21 and in college, does the noncustodial parent still continue to pay child support until they are out of college?
How can a stepparent go about adopting a partners child in queens?
But Hannah, who was always nice, was secretly making falsely negative notes about me, which I discovered today
My Indian passport?green card,and social security
and wanted to know the step I needed to take and how long will it take
Understood. Thank you. If she has questions while  filing out the petition can she call the Lift helpline for assistance?
Ok will try tomorrow when I have computer connected to printer
Is it one big thing or difrent offices
Thank you your help is so rewarding you're helping me be very fully productive let's try another search in Sullivan
I dont know what are the steps. What are the first steps
Do you know if the child support includes spousal?
Ok there are two colors one blue and the other one green, which of the two I have to use?
He just told me the new partner and him have a two year old together
i c ant even go to hallway they follow me to elevator
i got my citizenship this month and my son has green card
how do I go about getting help with safe homes?
nothing permanant. Just until the mother can demonstrate some "stability".
I am very upset right now and feel emotionally undermined by her demeanor. She was rude on the FaceTime and her sister cursed me out.
And Im remotely teaching two kids.
Good morning, I’m looking to get full custody of my son how should I go about it ?
Hi good morning I have a question regarding in country spousal sponsorship and out of country sponsorship
I was harassed while lying on my bed by two goons .... security men
What happens if a parent is not paying their share of afterschool?
I need tim to read. Anyway thanks
Las year I had a slip and fall down 17 stairs at a Hotel I was staying at.
Will do, Gabi. Thank you for your kind words. So long.
Do you know what kind of attorney I’m looking for?
how are they legally capable of stating that all issues are resolved and still not make any movement towards bringing the kids home?
What documents do we need to go forward. Is this a long process
Other than a few pictures I took how could I show what occurs in her house.  He is incapable of telling what happens
I don't have address of Spouse is staying at?  All information is by cellphone?
He started helping me take care of him 3 years ago and my son bounces back and forth from my house and his grandparents house
I'm unsure of the rights of runaway youth and what constitutes a runaway "youth"
yea let me lay out the situation.. maybe we can go from there
The daughter told me I would be arrested if I came near his house.  They said they know Suffolk County cops and a judge.
I looked it up . It doesn’t state what documents I would need to bring
ok. I also looked and could not find anything on modifying out of state CS orders. I will try LIFT.
we are legally separated but when it comes to getting a passport or taking my children out of the country she will not let me.
HI Min, this is Aimee, I'm doing practice chats
Thank u so so much, these tears are hard nd all I'm holding on is hope...thanks, yeah
I do not. Thank you for helping me understand how the arrears could work. ;)
At what age can a child in NY decide what parent they want to primarily live with?
If I have information on someone that steals cars what evidence do I need to bring forward to the courts ?
I'm looking for some resources that can give me guidance on HUD funded senior housing and cemetery pre-need planning.
for the first one, the line is always busy
There line was busy so I was going to try again in 1 hour
So it was too late for us to go else where our backs were aginst the wall.
Legal aide society said I’m over the limit they gave me your information
I was under the assumption that you were here the sight there could help me in the situation
The father is in another country (Mauritania) and I want to send him a packet ya know? Lol
Im a foster parent and im looking.for help
i would like to know what is the minimum width required for a main entrance door?
Of course Noah likes to play with worms and play with his trucks out back so climb the trees
Okay I see. Can this be considered parental kidnap or alienation under New York Family Law?
I have a child who turned 21 last month and doesn't live home.  does the support stop automatically? if so, when?
I think this is a story for the Jerry springer show!
I was told that when a child turns 12, they have some say as to which parent they want to live with, is this true?
Like, If I wanted to use a camera while people are doing work in my apartment, do I have the right to do so
Yes I’ll be staying at my home. I live with my mother
Owed arrears,marshalls served papers to noncustodial parent, he does not live at address. How do i find him if i dont have a new address
i just need information on how to relinquish parental responsibility
and  so far there is not a will as far as I know but mint sure what is going to be in the safety bos
Hi it’s Aimee. Doing practice chats
How do I find someone that can direct me as to the next best steps?
but I was not able to and i am not sure if I still can, or my next steps
I't want to cal to customer service, but i lost my PIN, How can I reset it
But im told its not enough so basically hes getting exactly what he wants while i gave birth but am getting kicked while im down...
so i bought a car from facebook but the car is not a good car
My heart is breaking. I dream that he's not thriving and super medicated.
I am looking for information regarding the process of a person that already has legal custody of a child but now wants to formalize adoption.
You have been a great help thank you i will start taking  these steps.
i have physcial custody, she lives with me and visits the father on weekends
All this is going to lead to violence and death which nobody cares
Thank you. Do you know if there are any offices near me that I can call?
Hi it’s Aimee, doing practice chats
I been to every class they  told me I had to take Iwent to drug rehab  I have  gone cold turkeyon  drugs
ok thanks .do you know my next steps after filling the form out? will someone be about to reach out to me?
Is there a series of steps the court must take.
my daughter is in a supportive housing drug rehabilitation/mental health program. Is that considered an adult home?
I believe I got the referrals. I haven't gotten to open the links yet.
and in conjunction with that, what is the address I put for social services, is that just a google search?
So I don't even know what is suppose to be in the envelope.
Hw do i get in touch with the Safe Horizon program.
Resident in a semi private room tested positive and the other resident is negative. What is the protocol?
honestly we as her grandparents don’t know what else to do so I was told to get some type of grandparents right
Do you also think it would be good for me to try the legal hotline?
Thank you much. Does this end our session. You've given me further info toward my resolution.
I would like to get help from a lift operator
There are two sets of dots shaded area or white area
Good afternoon maybe you can lead me in the right place
Yes that’s ok just want information on next steps
Ok. Hurry before she sees i am using her phone
Good morning. My name is Joan Shaw
well, i'm scared to open my window
How would we do so if we want him to stay with dad for a while? where do we go?
And that would deal with the illegal changing of the arrears?
so when he get mad he tells me to get out and leave the baby
she lies to her and tells her I don’t want to see her
Do judges take into account the amount of time the child spends at my house?
I did read that last night. I wasn't sure what step to take because I also saw that I could go to the police.
Hi , I have a 17 year year old. she turns 18 in janaury and shes goin to college in sept
I would like to know my rights and steps to take when he does
the police officer that were here 2 days ago told me that I need to get a lawyer
Good afternoon, I just have a question. I have a court date in 2 weeks . How do I make an appointment to see legal help
Is there a way, at this point to check the status of a motion with the current conditions?
Meaning I grabbed a couple more bags the next morning and went to my sisters place
Fight with my mother-in -law, I called 911, but they said it is an argument due to no weapons, no body injuries
I want to know the steps to see my kids regularly ordered by the courtnif they live out of state ?
what documents do I need to surrender parental rights?
Shouldn't there be a court help hotline to interpret this? Court's won't give legal advice to pro se litigants but they do give procedural advice
the incident happened in another zip code
owner is nephew of neighbor and lives out of state
i don't need guards.  i am asking about full window gates.  different.
They took her phone away and everything. Her friend went over there and saw the foster mom slap her across the face
Is it better to deal with things without court involvement or should one parent establish custody.
But is it possible to hire a legal guardian all the way in Berlin on the Internet?
Good morning Michael, I have growing concerns about my children’s health and the lack of care while with there non custodial parent
My step daughter is hysterically crying and does not want to go back to her dads. She said she will run away.
What's my legal right as a child's mother?
it was to change a furnace filter that was new in july
Thanks for trying Olivia. Have an awesome day.
I just feel like I have to finally speak up and not allow her to spend as much time with the other parent any more
But now she is telling us he hurts her screams at her she’s always in trouble
But I just started my job and everything I had was tied up with my ex
It's okay. Thanks for helping me out. I am sure it will give me the first steps of what I need to do.
Shes not sure of its just the normal  30 day eviction or another process maybe something sooner
I lost my connection with Kristina in the middle of my conversation. Is she still there?
I need to find out a way I can do or find someone can help me.
yes somebody.. i cant work .. need help
I didn’t see the bruises until later that night
I believe the cavities started in one and they were moved to another that it continued in
I just know he is arrested and whant to know how can I find what station of the police he is
I cannot find anything that gives the protocols for what to do in a situation like this.
But I lost the screen that would instruct me the next step.
(As a tip, if you click the arrow next to the send button, it helps with line breaks when pressing enter.)
how does someone stop child support when the child over 18 moves out of the custodial parents house.
Yes. If I tell you which school district, is that confidential?
Works part time will attend college
Hi we’re you able to get the LIft person
The surgery is tomorrow and I need to know if they’re allowed to get away with this
How do I go about starting an adoption process in the state of ny
they did the usual threatening litigation, gave her a fake court date
What do you advice me? what's the first step that I should take? or from the links above
again - to cover the entire window with a fire escape.
Hello Celine is this program for helping grandparents?.
He was in the hospital had dementia bit dr won’t give me information on the phone say I need a proxy form
Hi, I am looking to find out where I can get paperwork for step-parent adoption
I am not sure what kind of attorney I need. My situation is bit funky.
No I’m the non custodial parent these are modifications
he also buys things for the kids and then charges me for it
This packet is long and I need help doing this the right way
its your settings, you can change by pressing the down arrow by the send button
Is this something you can tell me?  next steps, etc?
If  this agency is not able to recommend an attorney,  which area or direction should we look
The law library is closed to everyone unless you are an attorney. Are there other sources I can use to educate myself?
Good morning! I need information about renovations employment authorization. I have asylum and is my first time to renovation
Thank you so much! and that would also include the forms for full custody as well?
I clicked on the three dots but I don't see an envelope
well thank you, at least you have given me a path to begin.
now she doesn’t need me to watch her she thinks I don’t have any rights or should see her
would like to know the steps that need to be taken
Here is the relevant documents from the Health Home agency: https://www.dropbox.com/s/kqrokd3q00ra27d/PARTICPANT%20HANDBOOK%20%281%29.pdf?dl=0
also have witnesses that has Hurd my daughter father making excuses to pick up his child also saying he only wants me back
i wanna know if I should go to the police ?
he then told me that they would arrest him and the detective will give me a call
The conflict of interest is that the child's mother owns the daycare where the child is going.
will they help even though im on medicaid and the link says medicare ?
Awesome, thanks again. Have a good afternoon. Stay safe.
But it was a good conversation. No threats, no strange things
is that whats to be given by the non custodial parent?
These letters claim the process was started 2/6/2020
Good afternoon, may I speak with a LIFT operator?
Okay, thank you for your help, Cecilia.  'Bye now!
yes, that is correct.  The house is in a homeowner association.
So I think I could that - and I'm at the part of Commencement Document, Document 2-5
Does support collection automatically stop when the child turns 21 or do I need to file a stop order?
Good afternoon Augusto, hope all is well
Is there a place that I can look to get information about step parents and disciplining step children?
the child may be asleep or upstairs on another floor visiting relatives
i was told that I would never be eligible at path
Got disconnected from the client but had some questions, in case we can reconnect:
because i don't want to put myself at risk or my family?
The first link doesn’t work. Could you also assist me about the surveillance camera?
Is his sister, step father, and school reason enough for change of circumstance?
A 19 year old enters the military for basic training.
Not necessarily, what steps can be taken for my daughter to live on her own
I have found many templates, but not that one specifically.
Hi, it’s Aimee. Doing practice chats
I have been taking care of my disabled sister for years how can I get legal guardian ship
Ok. Ill give that one a try.   Thank you Jaime
Hello. So my custody case went from PSC (parental settlement conference) but is now going in front of a "referee". What exactly does that mean?
In case the birth mother comes out of the woodwork, as she does every 3-4 years, is this still the first course of action?
her father was assisnated before her birth and she lived in an orphanage in Kabul from the age of 2
Can you clarify: if the other parent calls the police because I refuse to leave her, they will not arrest me?
There is an attorney for the child, and an attorney for DSS who I believe will be writing their own responses.
I’m looking for information on what makes a legal bedroom
I am the mom I got screwed and now she is getting screwed there needs to be an easier way
Thanks they never answer put you on hold transfer then it disconnected
Ok thanks I hope it's an easy steps
but how will the mother get served with the modification? do i have to go to the sheriff?
can I come to your office now . Or is it safe to go to the precinct
Yes I do. The other parent took my children away on a trip without telling me where.
Is that true ? Can he do that ? He said the color of the paint is no longer available apparently.
Hi, this is Aimee, I'm doing practice chats
Yes ... what happens if the non custodial parent is not picking up the child at all..basically not following the  court order
beacuse my kids are under the age it says I can’t
the court order says she is supposed to stay inside while the kids go in and out
thats my question that i dont understan whats my next step
If the case is seal would it appear in a FBI background check?
I want to know all of the steps I need to take
I was previously on a live chat with a LIFT operator
My step daughter is not in a safe place an cps is doing nothing
TEeven if the child is neglecting to have a relationship with the noncustodial parent?
we went to dinner and even hugged when we parted. Then next day I had the police at my door
I just want to know if there are regulations regarding railings on steps outside leading into an apartment.
also, what paperwork should I begin to work on or be prepared to see in this process?
I am looking for guidance for a step parent adoption
Can I visit my local court for a step parent adoption or does it have to be thru a lawyer?
Can a social worker tell the other parent if you are going to go back to court
She rob me when I was 21 year old and she lied to me
patricia Moriarty/Johnson vs Katielynne Moriarty. I believe are the parties involved. It’s supposed to be today I believe
I would like to give my children’s father’s custody for 12 months . With a written letter that both parties agreed on.?
okay thank you Celine - have a great weekend
Sorry, i know i'm long winded.
last month he told me that his niece needed the apt
Hi! In NYS if child is born to UN married couple...does mother have all rights to child if there is no court order?
My child support payments end june 22, 2020. My daughter turns 21. Will they stop automatically. thank you
thanks.  it's not window guards.  it's window gates.
i will have to tell you because I’m unsure on what kinda lawyer I’m needing
the mom told me the child is in the system when they took her from her the first time
when the child reaches 21 in NY, does the child support deduction order automatically stop
Then make sure that she's in a structured environment
Green card holder parent gave birth her child in abroad and wants to bring back her child in u.s.a
Good Morning, I had a question on how would I find the application process for adoption.
Also, the second link says, "Must be within 125% of the federal poverty guidelines to acquire services.". I wouldn't qualify for this.
I want serve in the 75th ranger regiment
I also went to court for a pins but she never shows up for Court
every time I open the window, he bangs pots and pans
What steps could i take to ensure the courts it is not my intend to break order
also is hyperactive mold activity, Leaking and falling ceiling classified as habitable ?
They are not deep holes. They are just common paint chip.
im a parent and want to put my son in a mental impatient place
Never thought in a million years I’d be in a situation like this!! I’m absolutely embarrassed.
I am sorry that my story is long but could you tell what legal rights I have in this situation?
Yes my son is in his room or me and fiance room with us.
The estate mainly is compromised of the house that my brother and I grew up in.
now my landlord says his niece needs the apt
How can I get a copy of the court record of a voluntary surrender of parental rights?
Sorry & thx - just frustrated and trying to find the proper channel before this backfires when he gets out of prison in 6 weeks....
i will try to phase the question within the guidelines stated above
Do you know the proper steps, because maybe i did something wrong
and 1st floor(mine) and basement have one meter
would be crimal or civil at this point with kids over 21 ?
Okay what are business hours for lift operators
I need help to get a letter of testamentary or letter of administration
It's quite possible, they look for any weakness, and they defame like crazy, all with that sickening plastic smile.
Can a parent give up their parental rights when the child is an adult?
Ok so what are the steps to doing that I know I need to go to the courts
Hi I currently have supervised visits with my daughter and my mother is
I just saw the aunt and other relative hitting the nephew until he fell down and was unconscious lying at the sidewalk.
I was married to someone else. My daughter is in the custody of a guardian.
I want to know the steps and process in emancipating a 21 year old
So is the rural law center affiliated with the appeal process for this initial procedure?
as the meet location is the only guaranteed place i know of that he will surely be at.
WOW, I already have you in my cell..  Thanks.  GB.
but this is civil court right? oath is civil court?
As a tip, if you click the arrow next to the send button, it helps with line breaks when pressing enter.
I want to know how to establish custody of my son
Do I have to wait until he officially completes school to begin the process?
i was involved in a house fire and my daughter is a very allergenic  lil girl
My question is this: what form does my boyfriend (the father) need to complete and at what time in the process
this has cost me years of my life and my son is being hurt and no one cares
No we’re not quite there. We have two young children and would like to know how to get this stuff fixed properly
I don’t know can I install camera in the basement’s hallway is legal or not?
Would my estranged husband need to be involved In this?
im looking for a step-parent adoption lawyer
Can I use these to jump to the sites. I'm ok n my phone
9 points. 5 for texting at the stop light
No. Part time. He’s in the process of enrolling in school. If all goes well he will be going away.
ohhh like picking up a child from school late, or some form of neglect??
What would happen in that case? Would the police take her home?
Good Morning, I have questions on the steps of an adult adoption
on the short form order, the language said "Order signed".
My daughter stays with her father one week and comes back to me the next week
I'm looking for assistance in the rights Tennant's have
Thank you.  Who would usually get custody of a new born baby
sorry meant to say that i have to wait im typing fast and my nerves are actin up
we have written down all scenarios . We have picture he lowered water
Is for any circumstance he looses custody, I do not want my nephews to go into the system.
thanks.  as to income, it is just my income or it includes my wife income as well?
What forms are necessary for relinquishing parental rights?
Yes, and they said if she goes through the foster care process they have to do s 30 years background check finger print etc....
Is there any laws pertaining to unfit parent or is that just a term?
it’s ok it’s only a step that I needed thank u
but if that is the best route I will have to figure it out. Ok thank you so much
Do I need her social security card number
Just for a senior citizen rover age of 62!
We don’t have any kids together or anything else
I have bought a trailer to pull behind my pickup but I don't have it ready or somewhere to park it yet. end
it seems like the process requires information about the mother that we have incompleted
Yes that’s what I’m asking for legal aide representatives
Hi!  I am online and started my consultation.  The system says my client is online but I can neither see nor hear her
is it legal for my neighbor to have a security camera facing my front door?
could use information about both because I'm at step one.
i Don’t know install camera in the basement hallway is legal or not
Do you know of any sites that you could possibly recommend?
If I don’t have the documents to be summit due to it being so soon what can I do
(since queens has so many, I recommend selecting a few that would be helpful for this specific person)
If i have to i would because my understanding is the school expenses, care and medical are add ons. Am i wrong?
My son turns 21 in May. Do we have to go to court to have the child support changed? or does it occur automatically?
no not at this time...you gave me the option of the next appropriate step to take ...thanks
I have a Family Violence matter and not sure what the best step to get out of it
Does the child have any legal leg to stand on to leave?
How can a mother give up her child to the father voluntarily? Father lives out of state..what steps are needed to be taken?
I see so it's not binding but it just proves that I wasn't doing anything sneaky or malicious
I need your help with clarifying the proper steps in order for me to conduct my own diligent search
Yes.  I don’t see the visitor survey.
our oldest child now is in between staying at the dads and grandmothers house.  she originally lived with me
the little girl is 5. Sometimes the mother locks them in their room
There are 80 tall pine trees that are on the parks property
he would get drunk and come yp the stairs at night on our landing and start yelling or just talking
No I'm a mother of 2 , college student and nurse
Good Morning, what constitutes parental kidnapping?
I can do that..on Yelp the customers says shes the owner
If she theoretically decides to not show up and be in the state of "on the run"?
Evan is 21 years old and Andrew is 18 years but he joined the navy
when kids go back to there dad he keeps them and tells them they can’t see me
I wasn't driving the car when the accident happen ed
