Yes i am looking into some information about having a private adoption of my nephew and need some guidance
I am looking for legal advice. My husband of 4 years is saying he will move out in June
Forest hills queens.can they advise me without charge.low income person senior.Thankyou
not sure. i just need guidance on where to find documents related to this situation or someone that could give guaidance on the situation
Well sure, I’ll be waiting. Cause I really do need some advice on this situation
Yes I would like to get more information about small claims court. Also is there any guidance on what normal wear and tear includes?
I need some legal advices from you? Please help me out
I think I need to be referred to legal advise just because I'm afraid I dont know much of what im doing
I’m seeking legal advice for my 15 yr old son that had an up coming manifestation  determination I need legal aid
Ok great! I will reach out to these agencies for some advice on how to proceed. Thanks again!
I was hoping for guidance as to where I can find a lawyer for specific advice
I just need legal advise. I don’t know if I should go with a lawyer.
I’m going to do that today but I need legal advice on. How to get my money back
Any advise on my grievance letter? I am just so far stating the facts of their non communication and ill preparedness and complete incompitence
I was looking to get legal advice on my current situation to see what I can do.
I cant afford an attorney right now. I just wanted to know where on the site I can find the info. No legal advice here
Okay, do you have any advice as to what the best thing would be to do?
I do not have much knowledge on divorce, nor can I provide her with any legal advice
I would greatly appreciate your guidance - thanks so much
I don’t know where to go where to start and I want some advice before start
Ok, no problem. Thank you again for your guidance and kind encouragement. Please be well and stay safe ;)
I'm sorry,  thank you for your time. I will pursue with your advice.
Of course...I know you can't give me 'legal' advice as a lawyer... but some information would be helpful
I basically need to speak to someone who can advice me on my situation
I'd like to get some legal advice about international students rights
I am looking to get a legal advise against my landlord
maybe not legal advice, but legal rights
Is there s site I can talk to for an hour of advice like for $100 or do?   But not to hire
I know you can't give me exact advice I get that
finding where to go to get free legal advice
I didn't think it was advice being it could be considered a law.
Are they able to give free advice though?
Ok, Since I am having housing issues do you know were I can seek legal advice?
I would like some advice as to whether or not I should find an advocate and if so where to find one.
are you able to give legal advice if I tell you the circumstance?
I think the phone number can give me information for an advocate if I need one
Ok. Thank you very much for your time and guidance. I really appreciate it.
Yes. I don’t feel comfortable dealing with them. I wanted outside advice
Thank you in advance for any help or guidance you can advise.
Hi Alanna, I need some quick general advice.
I was looking for some guidance on how to get a court order to put my 65 year old mom into an alcohol rehab center
set up & lots of snitches - threats r literally everywhere for me right now
Ok. Are you talking about referring me to an attorney -- or to a free legal advice service?
Not necessarily looking for an attorney - just guidance as to how to get these records
yes we would like free legal advice ThankYou
Yes do you need my name as the advice is not for me personally I am researching for my martial arts school.
I think I have called at least one of them. I'm reaching out because I've been looking for advice for a couple of days now.
We already have an attorney and are seeking just advising on negotiations outside of him to see a wider variety of options
I will follow your guidance, you make a difference thank you
Yes, free legal objective advice
Yes looking for advice for name changing
I was wondering where i could find free legal advice to get help with my situation and see what is best to do
I filled out forms online to get legal advice.
I also need help concerning legal advice on property
I AM VERY CONFUSED I APPLIED FOR ASSISTANCE AND THIS FEELS LIKE A SLAP IN THE FACE
I need free legal services, specifically advice at the moment
you can't provide legal advice i know so i dont wan tto get into the details
I'm going to poke around. Any advice before I sign off?
Hello I'm looking for some legal advice
So I can just call them and state my problem, and they will provide free legal advice for my situation?
Hi ..any way am I able to just get legal advice?
i need two different courses of advice
I'm not looking for advice I'm asking about policy.
all three recommendations seem like good sources of information
I meant thanks for the information not advice lol just wondering if I can do this without a lawyer bc of the cost
I would like to know if there is any other legal advice that I may not be aware of that may be beneficial?
Do you offer guidance or advice regarding business eviction questions?
Absolutely!  Any advice or direction given will be greatly appreciated.
I would like advice on a legal matter
Hi Lindsey, I'm a little overwhelmed. I was hoping that you could pint e in the direction of someone who could offer me immediate advice...
Yes anything at this point will help.... Like I said I am stuck on what to do.... And I appreciate any guidance
Someone I can call to give me legal advice.
Not looking for legal advice but more so what applications/forms I would need to appear before a judge.
hello: I was just interested in getting some recommendations for attorneys that are well versed in representing someone with a mental illness.
Hi! I know you can not give legal advice, but I am looking to navigate a harassment issue.
I would like some legal advice I have not yet proceeded with any actions
thank you i would be happy with advice i will try all thank you
Well I need some advice on a situation I'm having at work
Hi im hoping you can im looking for some legal advice
I live in monroe county and I'm wondering if I can get legal advice for free
I am looking for legal advice in consumer related law
I'd like to get some resource of how to get legal advice on sexual assault
DA was told me you can get free help and advise
I'm not looking for legal advice. thank you
I don’t need legal advice. I just want to know if someone can go for me because I can’t.
Are there any organizations in Westchester County that can advise me for free on such matters?
What is considered low income? For free legal advice cause I dont make that much
Thanks so much cause everything close I just need sum legal advice so I know my rights as well as hers
yes sure! are the references free legal advice?
are you able to give me general advice that may pertain to my situation
who is advising me. but i think i want to get a lawyer to fight back
I’m not looking for a court case just need advice on what to do
I am hoping to seek legal advice regarding somebody slandering my name online
I have look around endlessly for 2 days now and there is only advice for the custodial parent
Ive received alot of information but Im looking for advice
I want to seek legal advice on what my rights are. I have not worked since the accident
And Is there anyone that I can speak with about free legal advice when filing?
I can handle the advice and guidance but I'm unable to directly represent certain clients
i thought your income had to be a certain range to get the advice
and I also need some guidance with a public assistance case I have open currently
Yes, to be candid I am looking for free assistance or advise. Not sure if this is something you'd be able to help me with
Just looking for prop bono or free legal advice
I was hoping to get some legal advice before I talk to the unemployment office.
I do not want legal advice.  I want to know where this website got it's information
is there any guidance i can get? i collected all forms from the court actually
It's a new case, am trying to get advise
Thankyou, I was hoping the courts had more guidance on this matter. Thankyou so much!! I will definitely check back in next week
Yes that’s exactly what I need I’m just not sure where to look for advice
I actually have to go to court tomorrow but I would like to seek counsel on this matter
i am low income. so please refer someone that is offering advise to low income percons
I need to find free legal advice about getting placement of my kids back
Hello I will like to gel and advice about how. Can I get from the court a documen of claim
Actually my question may be advice, i'm not sure
Yes i am just looking for referrals and did not see business legal advice I am looking for through the site.
Since I can’t receive guidance on my current court situation I would like to know my legal rights as a Service Member
Yes I need a free legal advice
I’m in desperate need of legal advice
I appreciate that, and really appreciate your time. I know you can’t give advice but figured details might matter.
Ok thank you.  And it has to be notarized as well, right?  Any suggestions
Hello Danielle. Are any lawyers available at this time for free advice on a housing court question?
noone will help me or anything all I need is some legal advice
Hi. I can't seem to find free legal advice about a specific situation.
At this point, I guess not. I will use the resource you shared to try to get some guidance. Thanks again!
I appreciate your help.  I will start the claim as you advised.
Thanks for the advice. I'll pass it along
and i just read you cant give advice really, but i dont know who to go to
I need legal advice regarding a court case between my husband and i
I was just looking to get some guidance regarding an issue with an old landlord
My bank,TD bank, just has an automated form and they don't provide guidance
I need legal advice regarding the situation im in right now
one question - once Cory hears back from the court can he get back in touch with LIFT for more advice?
Or would this be considered giving me advice or telling me “what to do” ?
Understood. How could I get free legal advice?
I know you can't give advice but can you tell me whether something is legal or illegal?
Just as a matter of personal opinion,  what is suggested to be done until the courts give some guidance?
I have never had to pursue anything like this, so I am not sure where I can get advice from
I'm ok... I'm looking for advice.... I'm in a pickle
Looking for someone to advise on retaining a settlement in unconventional circumstances
Hi Sama! I am looking for Nursing Disciplinary guidance
I really need some advice on what steps I cld take when I come back with the girls
Are there any services that provide free legal  advice?
do you know if they have the actual answer .. or they can just give me advice about it?
i know you cant likely give legal advice, but,
ok. thank you. I hope there are free consultation services available
My granddaughter lived in Oneida County. I live in Arizona. What advice can you give me?
I need an advice to help me learn what I shall do.
just was hoping maybe other agencies knew of others
Hi. I need someone to give me the advice for my case.
Where can I find legal advice for housing or can I request from any of the sites above?
ideal free legal advice number
yes please thank you so much this has been so hard and any guidance and help would truly help get through this
I am a low income person. I need advise from an attorney
Understood. Thank you again Christopher. I appreciate the guidance.
I know you can't give legal advice but.  Do you believe landlord has right to ask for me to pay
What advice can lawhelpny.org provide if not legal advice?
ok in this line do lawyers advise me on my specific case?
That Is true I think I will follow up with legal assistance line next Monday
I agree it shouldn't be a surprise but should the executor be legally advised before he is chosen?
I appreciate any info or guidance i can get! it has been going on for 2 years in feb.
Thank you so much for your help and advice.  Have a great day.
I know you can't give legal  advice but am I being over charched
Also do have any free legal advice points?
it looks like all these only provide brief advice
i understand you cant give legal advice
I am looking for some free guidance on how to handle a civil case
I’m looking for legal advice with a work situation .
yes, I would like advice and legal services
i am seeking legal advice as far as my housing situation
i guess i do not see it as legal advice, but how the process works
Are there any places that offer free advice, by any chance?
of you can help me to find someone who can give me legal advice
It is but l am hopeful that with your guidance. We will get the assistance needed.
In there probably I can speak to a Lawer for free and get some advice
I need to find free legal advice how about the housing situation
I need help to find legal advice at low or free cost
can i check anywhere online to see if she has any actual judgements against her?
I'm not sure you will be able to help me but I need advice.
I need help. Dont know if i even need a lawyer just looking for advice
I'm wondering if seeking legal advice is the right way to go.
i would like to either knwo the status of the case, or who i should speak to for advice
ok i see. can you advise them i will come to their office today?
I cant serve someone who is not here in NY what do you advise
I need to find legal advice for a court case
OK, I appreciate your advice and your time!  thank you very much!
I have low income but was looking for legal advice and/or a lawyer for visitations of my childrren
Oh was looking for advice never mind
He would like to get some questions answered.  Is there free legal advise he can get?
I need a free legal advice provider
I guess what I'm really seeking for is advice
Have you actually tried, as an exercise, the advice you're giving ?
Yes. Can you help me find someone who can give me advice?
Hello, i am seeking legal advice and assistance regarding Residential treatment centers  discharges
I need legal advice in regards to the situation that I am currently in.
hello, i have a legal issue and not sure how to pursue it. Where can i get free or low fee legal advice about it?
My kids and I are being verbally harassed to the point where physical threats are being made against us
Thank you no...you gave me plenty of information to get started. Thank you again for time and your condolences.
I am looking for a low cost legal advice.
Im not sure but I am seeking free legal advice and support
I'm contacting you because my family is low income and needs legal advice and we're trying to find the best way to get that advice.
Hi was just wondering if you can provide some advice on a current situation I'm having
need some guidance. what i am typing will be a little long so please be patient with me
I need legal advice with helping my 14 yr old granddaughter
We were speaking a few minutes ago ... if u can direct me to whoever can give me advice on what to do about my situation
