I just want to do a simple Will. 1 adult child
Her grandson unexpectedly needs a place to live and would
like he could take my newborn infant child to his house?
My son is living with me since two months ago
As well as my daughter who been living on her own for about 2 years now
What should I do? It’s  just myself and two children 5 and 6.
I  am living in a NYCHA apartment that is unsuitable to live in with my four children, I'm also 8 months pregnant.
Child dropped out of school years ago
Thank you and yes I’m older than 21
is 79 years  old she lived with her sister for over 30 yrs
The only child that should be receiving money now turns 18 next month and graduates.
let you know I’m deaf I have one daughter
The other parent who has sole custody of my 2 kids isn't complying to meet me to bring me my kids
Do you know if I can fight as far back as of November for 2 of the kids
Im not sure. I just know that they took him from his mother and he has been with a foster family for about 2 years
Set to end when the child turned 18/graduated high school.
thats my aunt ben going there for 25 years
For some reason my 14 year old niece found out
My daughter 2, and a 1 year old boy from another guy
Two year old baby we’ve been fighting for since he was 2 months old
ex has not seen my son since 2 and he will be 8 now
my name is Carla i have a 15 years old daughter
my 18 year old son has been living with me for the last 2 months.
No I haven't seen grandchildren for 2 months
yes i really would like to get her the help she needs and for her and her kids to get out of there
How he behaves towards all 3 of us, not a stay away
Again the mother off my child brought me my daughter like 2 months ago for the summer
i can’t see my son for another 6 months ?
Also, I have two kids under 21 years old
my son is 6 month older and he has been taken over seas since december 2nd
Yes My mom became a citizen when I was 16. I am now 40 years old and cannot find my greencard
They are going to take my parental rights away  on September 21  .
Yes my children are grown now I did it before with my oldest son for 10,000 GOD HAS BEEN GOOD AND HE PROVIDES
Hi what will someone had to do to give his last name to his child that is 3.5 years old now.
my child doesnt live with here mother anymor and hasnt in several years. my daughter is 19, works full time and lives on her own
im not really sure what the process is or how i get it down my son is 3 months old
Yes two adults plus three children
Now she wants me and my wife and my other child to get tested every time if want tk see my son.
by the way I am a senior also at 68 that help?
Thank you it's really hard and we have five kids and they're all under the age of 9
At that time the child was living with me. She has been with me till lets say tomorrow.
I have a question regarding infant from newborn until the age of 2
Well my son is 28 does he fall into juviniley
from 2 kids to 1 my youngest will be 15 tomorrow
I have repairs that they dont want to fix i have 3 kids
I want to do things the right way and what's best for my kids. I never done this before
I have two kids ages 4 and 12
I have strong feelings that im the farther of a 9 month baby girl
i have for 9 years  almost evry weekend had my grand daughter
Yes the child over 18. Hes 23 actually.
We taken 4 boys 1991, 1993 ,1997,200
She is to stay with us in 1 of our rooms downstairs with her 2 kids
its about a social security court case for a woman in her 30s that has a physical disability
I have a baby and I'm scared cz of the covid
What proof is needed to emancipate a 19 year old who doesn't live with custodial parent and working full-time.
I'm the noncostodial parent of 2 children
my son is not emancipated, he is turning 21 yo.
Thank you, also what age does a child have to be to decide themselves who they want to live with?
My ex and I have a daughter, she is 3 years old.
My father won’t let me see my sister she’s 15 years old
The older child, my daughter's half brother
how can a 18 year old get emacipated
Need an advocate for 2 young disabled young adults
Its okay. I have 2 puppies at home as well
He is 18 years old should I take his mother to court also
I want to know how can I go about this one of the kids are over the age 21 now
It's my first time. Nothing is established and I'm not being allowed to see my daughter
So here’s my question: do I have the right to give up all rights to my 16 year old daughter?
Because she and my daughter fight all the time over little things and she is 80 years old.
good am my daughter is brainwashed by her baby daddy & wont let me see my granddaughter what rights, if any do i have
A high functioning mentally challenged adult
THE MOTHER OF MY CHILD IS TAKING MY CHILD OUT OF THE STATE
the youngest just turned 21 however both kids re still in school
I am an Great aunt to three small children
i have the first court date set for 1/25. my daughters mom says i wont be able to see my kid until after that
Sure. My grandchildren are happy with dad and my daughter, who don’t hit the children
No thank you...very much I'm 28 nd these kids in these generation is a different ball game...this doesn't make sense
I haven't seen my 7 year old daughter in 3 months now !
Custody and support of my 14 year old daughter
I am interesting on giving my 14 years old to a foster mom
This is not right! My daughter is 16 years old
Hi my ex broke court order and I haven’t seen my child for 6 months.
I am grandparent and would like to know if I have rights to see grandchild who lives with father
Hello im inquiring help on re-home an adoptive 14 yr old child
The child turns one month old on December 29
I need to help a 17 year old.
We have children together she 4 years old he has seen her since 12 month old
the last time we actually seen my nephews was back in september
My mom and I have been living in this condition for over 15 years it has be come unlivable
i have 3 children 2 are over the age of 22 and 1 is 18
well my daughter stays with her grandma during the week day I’m not sure
Are you able to tell me my rights as a mother to a 2 year old ?
I have custody of my grandson. He has Special Needs. He's going to be 13. He's been with me since he was born.
I  need to get away with two kids and a dog
My son and his girlfriend have a 10 month old son. The mother is considering moving out of state.
is it illegal for a 17 year old to have intercourse with a 16 year old
Yes I am a senior 73 years old
I am undocumented in the us i have 2children whom was born in the us
my daughter turned 20 April 4th
I sure will I don’t want to lose my granddaughter
The kids have already met and been around this person numerous times.
My daughters mom won’t let me see her for more than one day, what can I do ?
what are the regulation regarding children over 18 who are no longer living at home
my 17 year old is currently a runaway
My friends mother has custity of her two kids she hasn't seen them in over two months what can she do
or at least be able to get my 3 yr old a passport
my daughter has been with me for 2 months and I’m not working at the moment
I feel so helpless... my daughter has been missing from home since the 8th of this month
im currently 44 years ol
by the way my kids don’t know that man and having seen that man since 1 and the other months old
My 7 year old has been raised by me and in my care sense she was 1 years old.
Shes almost 9 now so she knows what he's like and wants to not be around him.
Also, that child is 21 years old already
Because I'm a household of 5. It's me and my four children.
last time he saw my daughter was in 2015
need help with a 17 year daughter who is being defiant and keep running away from both parents
Do we have the right to go get baby back
it has been fine. My son is "daddy" and the child needs for nothing.
I have no choice but to just keeping going at it alone. Nothing will stop me from saving my beautiful perfect grandson
Hello we are seeking information on how to voluntarily surrender our parental rights
Yes, mom , dad and 2 kids same house (for now)
No, i dont want him i want my fiancé whos been raising my child since he was 1
I also have a 3 month old living in this apartment
my daughter is 15 years old. Her biological father last saw her when she was 3
It would be contested because we have an 8 year old son together
I’m with my baby father is doin good
I am looking for a form to print, for a father to volunteer to give up parental rights of a 12 year old child
ok I live with my  mom and  four children
The biological father has had nothing to do with my child in almost 9 years
Its temporary for my niece that has been living with my parents for over a year
we have a daughter our first amongst the other four boys. She is 9 months
I only have 1 child on the order and the form will not let me pick 1
Is it legal for father and 4 year old boy to share a room
I'm saying that I want the adoptive parents of my 2nd and 3rd biological children to become temporary guardians to my first born biological child.
My aunt is 74, needs a place to stay
Two boys they are 9 and 4 years old
They eat that much 2 teen boys lol
Yes I do have two more kids I need a modification
Hi my mom has my oldest grandson he lives with her and has been for almost two years
ive been with my current boyfriend for 8+ years
My son turns 21 next month. What do I need to do
One kid grown. 31 years
Currently there is a young woman claiming that my son is the father of her daughter
I am 75 year old and walk with a cane
I'm an only child, as well as my daughter. No one to contest the will. She was in a nursing home for the past 8yrs
hello, I am the non custodial parent and my child turns 21 this august
I am not a veteran or senior. I am the mother of an Autistic teen
i currently have my daughter living with me and ill be taking her mother to court soon we had an incident just a day ago
I need help with a young man that needs to get citizenship
Hi  I have a 2 year old who turns 3 next month. She has a disability and is in a school 2 hours a day.
I was served paperwork almost two weeks ago.  I have physical custody of my 2 children (19 & 18 yrs old).
My grandson is 9 y/o and I miss seeing him
Yes. bc my daughter lost her small bus. due to pandemic. PLEASE help us. I am 77 and my daughter 56 with health issues.
I haven't seen my grandson in 7 years
The father of my children won five million dollars in February of 2018
My 12 year old sister would sneak boys over from her junior high school.  One night I was raped by her 13 year old friend
It's been more than 10 months the other parent hasn't meet me half way to bring my kids
I don’t feel safe with my 26 yr old son in the house
My daughter it’s 15 years old
Ok well he has been staying with dad for the past 6 months but for the past 7.5 years i have raised him
yes he lives with her.  He's 11 years old.
I got the ticket 08/23/18 my kids was in the car they are age 10 and 14 I was not on my phone
Hello, My name is Selvraj, and I live in Canada now. My daughter was born in Queens, and she is 5 years now.
my daughter of 5 years and 6 years
This happened once, and she needed to evacuate with her 3 children 5, 6 and 12.
this is for a friend of mine. She is 89 years old and would like to get help
My partner and I have been together on and off for the last few years.  We have a 2 year old daughter.
My grandson has been emancipated since the age of 18 years old.
and i can not leave a 16 year old caring for a 7 year old for 8-9 hours a day
Hi my daughter has been missing since 11PM last night
His father family is ok that the 16yr old is smoking
Where can I go for legal assistance for my 12 year old grandson
I want the custody of my child, he is currently living with his mother
I'm a single mother,  my child live with me.
my mom and dad did it like 25 years ago
Now I was reading the uncontestant says with no children under a certain age. We have 2 kids ages 7 an 2
We have a 12 yr old daughter together
but last time i saw my son was about 2 years ago
I have been in the baby’s life since she was 3 months old and she is now 2yrs old
my son turned 18 January 24th
and in addition my rights as a 16 year old
Okay thank you I appreciate anything that you can do for me I also have two children ages 10 and 14
my hubby may be a dad to 22 yr child
I’m a grandma seeking to see 2 grandchild parents are not letting me.
Yes and also..je is only 50 years old...thank you
My sister is a single mom with 4 kids
I need to know who is the next of kin between three children over 18
I need a law guardian for an 18 year old autistic boy who is not able to recieve his inheritence.I have a will
My daughter just turned 21 I will like to know
Sorry I am also 50 years old, so bear with me!
I want to know the rights of my child at 16
We have a child 12 years old. We have being separated over 8 years
the gaurdians I want to temporarily take my 3rd son are them
With my 84 yr old mom, my 2 kids (age 13 n 8) and my mentally handicapped sister 33
He’s also turning 21 in July.
However, it is really bad especially for my 8 year old son who feels rejected and unwanted
I am the mother of a three yr old girl
I have not seen my five children in almost five months.
A child was born on one county and now the child
haven’t seen the kid in 3 weeks
