I would like the petition filed in Rome ny courts being I live here
Hi I need to file petition for spousal support
Thank but I'd like to know if I can actually file the petition online
Hello.. Where Do I Find A Form For Petition To Relocate?
So if I want to file the petition so the process can start which one is best
So do I file the petition? I just want my future ex-sister in law to stay away from me and children
Yea I found that also.  But no form?? How do I file petition.?
There’s form that I can print to file the petition and that’s what I’m lookin for!!!
Hi I need to File a petition for my child
Her father filed the petition.  One am I responsible for providing clothing and other things for her while she is with him
which is petition form number for order protection
Hi I filed a petition and would like to know the status
i need to file a new petition to see my child.
can u tell me how long will it take for  a petition to be processed ?
Okay, if a petition was filed today, would they have that document so soon?
I recently had a petition dismissed. i need to file a 'motion to re-consider'
i would like to  know what petition i need to file out for child support
Yes, I used that to file the petition. Which was great! However, it does not have the Financial Disclosure forms.
are the courts open now for me to be able to file that petition?
Good morning! Since courts are closed. I was told to file a petition online. I can't find that.
I didn't see a DIY option for the original petition
Yes I want to file an emergency petition
yes , but it says they have 35 days to appeal.
I just need to know what petition to file for an emergency hearing
I am trying to use the edd to file a petition. how do I do that
pins petition available for 19 year old son??
so far every official office in NY is helping with a land grab, NG?
I would like to know how i would file a bill of particulars
Neither of those fist two links have anything regarding responding to a petition, only in filing one.
good morning, how do i file a petition? i received the message that the courts are still closed for public due to covid
i like to file petition as biological father for that daughter
would like to file a countclaim against my landlord but cant find the counterclaim forms
is there a diy form to file the petition to avoid the line ?
Hey how you doing I’m trying file a petition
i would like to file a petition for sole custody for my daughter
So, I could make this motion to another court in my county?
hello I would like to file for a Writ of
I would like to know how can I file petitions online
the form is still asking me when i filed the first petition that i want to change
So for clarificaition. I file the petition first then have respondent served?
My name is Ramon Acevedo, I filed the petition vs Pamela Acevedo
I just need a way to file out a petition and file it online
Hello I would like to know file a petition for my child support
Hi,,i will like to file a a petition on child support
they have filed a motion, the judge has not decided yet
I would like to write a petition for my child support
I look help for a name change petition
He was just served yesterday. And he recently filed the petition on line. How can he proceed with that option.
I have to file a petition, is that a form nycourts provide or I just write a letter, that's the part that's unclear
I need help with an order to show cause DIY petition
OK that's the form to start the petition right
do you know how much is it to file a petition for a 7 yrs old as well??
I don't have any, it will be a new petition. would it be the same form?
where / how do i file a petetion for a motion for downward suppoerr
I'm trying to file a petition but I don't know how to do it
no i need assistance to file a petition to take someone off of child support
Please would like to understand the process and to start petition
I wanted to know if there was a way to find out if a petition was filed against you
I would like to make an appointment to sit and talk with someone
Can I come in to the court house and file a petition?
I got to the site part that says file a petition
they're only helping me if i already have a petition in place
I would like to file petition on child support
so I’m filing a petition and want to make sure paperwork is done right
i need to add detial to my exsisiting petition
Is there a link to file a petition online or is it just the DIY form
so once the petition is done that will force her to oblige by things
I’ll give them a call. If I file a new petition, are courts facilitating them at this time?
Yes it is the first petition we haven’t been to court yet
I would like to file an Affidavit in Opposition.
where can i find the service requirements if I wanted to file a petition?
I got an email stating I have to file petition for child support
I was given a petition form and filed it out already
Hello i am trying to find the papers so i can file a petition online
I need to file a petition of child support
I created an account and did a petition but unable to find my petition that I created
I would like to start a petition for a marriage based green card
with there be any way to look at my current case number or petition number
If you think they will be able to walk me through the petition I would very much appreciate that.
can i get intouch with an attorney to help me with the filing of the petition?
I would like to file a petition to see if children are really my children
I cant petition it myself given im over 18?
could you please guide how to file such petition
if we come to an agreement will I be able to cancel a petition?
Please let me know which form needed to file appeal
Do I need an appointment to open a petition for custod
Is there a date where you can file a new petition in New York?
I don’t see an option for a new petition on this site
I’ve done all that I need the email information to file the petition
hi, i would like to file a petition to get the custody of my son
Start a new petition I believe it’s enforce .
I am looking to file out a petition for child support. Where would I find it?
but im unsure which petition is actually needed for my particular circumstances and whether or not i have a valid case
Ok, so i can go online & file the petition
I’m trying to file a electronic form petition for spousal  support
Hi I filed a petition for MOD 2 years ago.
I want to file a petition for child support
How do I file petition for a court order not being followed?
like is there a petition i can file to get a new judge on my case?
A petition was filed for neglect a year ago and since then the child is now 18 an adult
I need to locate petition forms to download.
Hi do u have to make an appt to restart a cs petition?
So what's the name of the motion  I need to file
And my son filed a petition in Erie county a couple of weeks ago
Do you know how I would be able to file a petition
Yes, I just need to know what type of petition to file
ok from what I hear is that I have to file a petition first in order for the judge to look at it
So there's no way of filing a petition online
can I start a petition online for child support
Do you know if a bill  S8125A lad been approved?
Hi, I’m looking to put a petition in for a move. What form do I use?
Where do I go to file a petition for chid support
Ok thank you. I haven't able to find the petition ANYWHERE
yes. but i was receiving public assitance but its no longer active. Can i still file the petition?
Can I file the petition online or do I have to go to Buffalo and file
i dont want to file now, i need to print the spanish petition
What is I have already put the petition? She disappeared on Nov 8 and I was in court filing on the 12
You said "you are filing this petition". SOrry if I didn't make it clear. I'm filing application, via OSC
I need to file a petition for child support. How do i go about this
Father is looking to relocate to Florida with his son. Where to start to file the petition?
I want to make it official. How to file the petition
My i130 petition is current. I am in the United States of America. I need a lawyer to continue the process for me.
Hello Good Morning, I want to know if the courts are open to file a petition.
i just want to know where I can file a petition for child support online
I filed an appeal and they are supposed to get back to me within a week
I need help filing a motion i don't know how to do it
Id like to file a new petition concerning my biological son Christian
But I don’t know what to click on to start the petition
I would like to know how to start a petition for child support?
is  there  anyway  to  get a  sample  petition for  petition
There is a petition on change.org for him with 2500 signatures also
Does the petition need to be signed in wet ink and notarized
I want to file a petition modificarion for child support
Can a petition for support be file after the child is 21?
yeah i already have a case number but i am told to file a petition form
I am looking for help filing a motion in Warren county
if I need to file a petition, who/where do I file? thank you
and also childsopport I also want to file a petition
Hi, I'm Louis and I need help with a saving a petition
can i do pins petition for 19 year old son who lives with me
Hi I need police clearance certification for wava petition and where should I go
What type of petition is required? Is this a special proceeding
Is there possible to file a new petition online? It has to be in person?
I would like to file a petition for my Neice and Nephew
But now i have 20 days to make that appeal.    I received the determination OCT 1st
so i was looking to file a petition for child support matter
Hi. So I am aware that courts may be closed due to COVID. But I would like to file a petition
Am I able to file this petition online? Or do I have to do it in person?
Okay now with the pandemic is the brooklyn court open for me to visit how will i file the petition?
Missed my court date how can I file a new petition
not to file the original petition. That’s all that I found as well
I need to start petition for child support
Hello, I’m looking for the status of a name change petition?
Yea I need to file a petition for a medical order I got
I don't know where to obtain the petition paperwork for the appeal
I would like to make an appointment to file a child support request
I would like to file a petition for child support where do I go
Can he get someone else at LIFt to review the petition before he files it?
Are the nyc courts open for petition filing?
can I file that petition in PA if the original case was in Queens NY?
I would like to know more about the petition and the documents I need
Thank you. I agree with it seeming like the same petition. I just wanted to make sure
i need to help to file the petition electronically
Im asking if I need to file a petition
I want to give up my rights for my son and how to file this motion for his father to take over
We are looking for form to cross petition DSS
Hi I would like to know how to file a petition for child support
Filing for a modification of support would like to know if i can fax documents/petition
My mother, or the father needs to make the petition?
An individual that I know has an upcoming hearing (next week).  This is not a new petition.
I need to file a petition for child support
im on their website now filing a petition online
yes Next question how many days do I have to make a appeal
what would i need to bring in order to start the petitions
What are the name of  the forms I need to file the petition?
I will also need a Petition for Letters Testamentary.
Do I  have to file the petition myself? is there any way I can go to someone for free for help.
Good Afternoon. Do you provide assistance completing petitions for filing
I need to start a petition for child support
what information does this person need to  file a petition against me
What form do I need for the petition? Do I need to include my former spouse as the respondent?
I was told to come on this site to file the petition but I don't see where or how
I would like to know how can i file an viditation petition
No thank you. I would like to file the petition myself. Under what text is it for do it yourself forms
Hi I would like to petition for child support
I would like to file a new petition for child support
Hi. I need help filing a petition for spousal support.
yes I just need to file a petition to file so I can get the rest of the arrears
what would be the process or course that the petition would take?
Hello, I'm Starting a Petition for Child Support. And will like some information
my petition was not saved - sadly - but im logged in
Hi I would like to file a motion
ok i will ask to a" petition to show cause" ?
can you give me the link for the website to file the petition please
I need to file a new petition for child support arrears
Looking for the court Court docs to start the petition
I don’t know was a petition form a ab form a 4 q 2 form
I would like filing a petition to waive the rears balance Of an old child support case
