Hello, I would like to know information about submiting a custudy petition form
I live in west Chester my I got married in nyc I want to file for annulment where can I submit my papers plz
I printed the forms that needed to be signed and returned, I don't think I  submitted anything.
I have submitted  a scar petition for excessive assessment
I kinda have the form completed but wanted someone to review it before submitting
I’ve submitted violations before Covid-19 close the courts and the referee just dismisses all the violations I’ve submitted
Okay so when I fill it out and submit it what happens next
I need to the form online and submitted it but it’s not letting me through
Understood - so submit without an address but will need it for service of process
Okay, so there's a chance that my son can submit his modification?
I have a child support case in the bronx can I submit a modification in Brooklyn because that’s where I live
I need to submit a stipulation of custody and child support so my divorce case can proceed.
He can even submit a modification because the courts are closed.
i filled out a custody modification form for Erie county NY. How can I submit it online?
Now since I finished the GF-17, how do i submit it to court
I submitted a help ticket moments ago
I need information on how and where to submit evidence,  as well as how to subpoena records
I would like find paper work on submitting spousal support.
apparrently my sons mother is receiving or applied for welfare assistance and welfare submitted the papers
can you advise me of the forms I may need to submit? and tell me if it is too late for me to submit some?
Hello I need assistance in finding the  paperwork to submit to family court for a Step Parent adoption
rather then come to the court court to submitt the paperwork
i am requesting form for custody and website to submit
No I am not. Do I print them or fill them out here.Aso where do I go to submit completed forms
would I be able to file it online and submit the application
What does the term Defect mean on paper works  submitted
Is there an application i can submit before the case due date?
And can I submit online or do I have to go to Family court
I  submitted documents w an online system but I don’t have a docket number, no one ever got back to me
I want to use the EDDS system, but I need help finding the form to submit
yes thank you, I called the number you gave me and he gave my another email in which I submit my application, so thank you
The judgment has been entered and I just submitted an affirmation of costs and disbursements
Hello. I have a quick question. Can I use a POB address when submitting divorce papers or do I have to use a street address.
yes, but I dont know where tu submit it
Hello, I need assistance in how to submit a form for a file for custody
do you know if they are allowing this to be done via the internet? can i submit my application to the family court?
I want to know if I can submit it while still pregnant
however, if there is no obvious abuse/neglect, should the case even be submitted for an investigation. it doesnt meet the requirements
I need help finalizing my case, my attorney is holding my file hostage, not submitting the papers to the court
dont need any just getting the form n submitting it elecctronically
i would like to submit a writing for a stipulation of settlement
i am trying to file a paternity form . I filled up by online but how can i submit online to system of court ?
I submitted form I-90 but the case is taking too long
Thank you. With Coronavirus, am I able to submit any appropriate documents online?
I need a list of what documents I need to submit to the Court to start a case
Being that courts are closed is there a way to submit a petition
The court has not established a case through the support unit so I have a form to submit for them to establish the order
i was told by family court i can download them    fill them out and submit them
Thank you, but how do I submit my papers, I have filled out the DIY form
ok, thank you. I have the forms ready to submit but I was hoping to file on line and avoid in person contact
I think that's all I needed to know..in the mean time until the modification is submitted I cannot legally keep him from taking her?
I was told to find it and print yo then submit
How does she go about submitting  this petition to Bx Family Court?
It was a modification for custody. We were submitting a relocation agreement but are no longer relocating.
I was gonna print it check the boxes and scan then submit
So I cannot submit the Objection to EDDS until i have it served by mail on the other party?
i was asking about where to submit disability papers since im not working and cant pay the child support
It says that I need a court order to submit the request
are you allowed to tell me the time for the electronic application submission?
I have been rescheduled to come back another day cause my child's father forgot to submit his w4
the court is closed so i need to submit disability papers and get modifications for my court order
Hello. I submitted a child support modification and it was denied, it says to resubmit as a petition. I'm not sure what I did wrong
I thought I could just submit them via email
after finishing the online form, there was no submit option. Only print
I would like to complete my Efile online and Would like to clarify a few thing before submitting my file.
Okay, makes sense, thank you... where will I find these documents that I need to fill out and submit to the courts?
I would like to submit my documents for the court.
but I separated from the pope a year ago and on the advice of a lawyer told me to submit the custody documentation
I am the executor of a will that has not been submittted for probate.  I'm wondering if I can submit the probate without an attorney.
I have submitt a child modification support papers a awhile back and heard nothing yet
Yes but where do I submit the letters or affidavit of support
Another thing: it’s a due time for the index number or submit the papers?
Do I have to submit another petition because of his age? The initial petition was because of the marriage
Can I submit the forms through the EDDS link or I cant because it is family court?
I'm not looking to file bankruptcy, I'm looking for somebody to help me with the paperwork that was submitted to me
I have submitted a notarized email  to Nyfcapplications@nycourts.gov months ago and go no response
I would like to submit documents thru the EDDS
We have a divorce agreement but it's not the template the court wants it , I'm just trying to get this template to submit the agreement
not dismissed order denied because it says I didn’t submit answer papers & I did.
doesnt seem to be guidance as to how long i need to wait or how much effort to make before submitting my form
Is the Brooklyn courts open so I can submit the forms?
I submitted an application weeks ago and have not received an update or any information regarding the application
Jasmine. I'm in need of a Letter of Continuance' the inclosed necessary forms that would also be submitted into the Federal Civil Division.
I would likely need help to do submit the forms online
I can submit an index number and learn what the status is?
Do i submit form-17 in person or is there a way that i may do it online?
I need to know how to submit evidence in a virtual hearing
Do you know if I can submit the necessary files via the Electronic Document Delivery System (EDDS)
Yes, I visited this page already and downloaded Form 8-2.  But I am unsure if this is the correct form and how to submit online.
I mailed in my paperwork for a modification about 3 weeks ago. How long does it take for the court to respond to me?
I already have submitted that, i have a court hearing tomorrow
It wouldn't let me submit the form several times
i am submitting the document via the EDDS wesite
Thank you.  I can't submit the completed paperwork myself?
thanks! I think we are done filling out the form. Should you review before he submits?
i filled out the small estate forms however i am  having a hard time finding where to submit the forms
Okay i was told i can also submit something to get the court to view it faster?
I need to know how I submit it with courts being closed.
I spoke with Anthony Rodriquez when I went to the grievance committee to submit the complaint - any chance you see that person's contact info
So in the court website I'm not able to submit the petition?
and do you know around how long the process will be once everything is submitted
i just need to know where to submit the paper work
Can you confirm the question around submitting electronically?
Yes but im trying to submit it electronically and as i was filling out the form it turned into a violation form somehow.
There are probable other people in the same situation as the application for both programs is joint.
i was told there is paperwork online that can be submitted online, i just dont know where to find it
so im able to just submit the document through the edds and wait until is reviewed in court
No, I would like to make sure it has been submitted
my lawyer told me i have to submit that form but i don’t know where to send it on the website
Do you know how to respond to the proposal default judgment.
I have submitted paperwork to she on harassment should I call the police
Can you please tell me Where can I find paper work to submit to court ti start a case ?
I just cant find the right place to submit it
Ok but can I submit a modification in another borough
or is this petition to be submitted to Supreme Court.  He attends public school
i submitted a request with form 17 and i was told i need another form
yes it has been more than a year since I submitted the form and paid the fees
And.....I previously submitted 2 paper recertified apps. Which ironically were never received.
But to have the request entered must I appear in person or may I mail it? Or can it be entered electronically
It seems the other attorney has already submitted the order without my review
yes but will i be able to submit the document on the web or will i have to mail it i live out of state.
I wanted to know if it was possible to submit the application for poor person status online or does it have to be in person ?
I filled out the medication form from custody.  How do i submit it to the courts?
I was hoping there was a way that I could submit a form and they could send me the paperwork does that happen?
I am looking to submit a petition to stop paying child support in Nassau County, do you know what form I would use?
but this doesn't provide the nessary forms I need to submitt to the court by mail?
I feel I might be discriminated against because i had to submit my passport and it showed my country of birth.
My EEO is I the investigation process and I have submitted my affidavit
almost a year since the form was submitted
I applied to self e-file and am waiting now for approval.
hello i would like information on submitting a custody petition
Ok buy I need to just submit some documents on the EDDS
do I have to submit a petition in NYS supreme court or NYC courts?
Am I able to request copies of the documents my ex submitted?
Okay im asking where can i find the pdf version an after filling it out how can I submit
yes this form is to submit for custody and will it let me know where to submit
When i try to submit,  the system dont let me attached,  just send me to sign in
Okay ty.  I can file and submit online
I tried to submit a complaint threw the precinct but was told I need the petition order
I just really need whatever form that would be submitted
i have a letter from eployer and now i will be submitting an application with unemployment
If I bookmark this, I can revisit this and submit documents at different times, correct?
Is the queens housing court open ?  Can I submit a petition for a housing  case?
No. I have to submit 3 packets at the same time for one child.
when I submit my paperwork the judge kept saying it’s hearsay and dismissed it.
I submitt a 4-11 and notarized letter of income. I am not working do to medical condition
which family court house do I go to submit a violation order for child support
I was able to find the form online but I dont know where to submit it
I would like to submit the forms online for the full custody ok I need the forms to filled out and submitted online
can i still submit my petition on Friday you think or will that be a waste of time?
Do you have any online forms for me to submit for full custody?
i filled out a Writ of Habeus Corpus for my custody case. I’m not sure where to submit it
I guess what form to submit and I was told I need to have an open case for legal aide
Just starting can't find form online to submit
I'm looking for Notice Of Settlement Form. I need to submit to file my QDRO with the clerks office.
i need help submitting a writ of Habeus corpus
hello what forms do i submit to have my case moved to an emaergeency visitation
I submitted petition with the G1 form and g17 attached , and i was still informed that they are currently not accepting petitions
so go back in person and tell them the online people said I have to submit in person?
Then I got a notice of continuance to submit records/materials related to an arrest back in 4/2/2004
How long does someone have to submit a Information Subpoena?
No the forms were submitted from last year Dec  so I'm not sure what it means
so just wanted to make sure it won't be an issue which she submits
So reach out to clerk for help on where and how to submit electronically...is that right?
and what happens if during this wait period, the other parent submits a petition too
How would I submit it? The lady had told me I can submit it online.
Ok I will submit it on my phone I pray it works.
Our superintendent asked employees why we're requesting accommodations for medical conditions to submit paperwork from our doctors. Which I did
No.  I had one installed more than 4 years ago and submitted the plans to the management office and now they're threatening me.
we ended up going way over time so did not have time to submit
And please do you know how I can submit the documents to the court online
No, but I spent 2 hours to submit all the receipts and details :/
Hello, I am unsure if you are able to help me. I am trying to submit an objection to a COLA order?
is there anyway that I can submit these forms by way of the internet ?
hi my name is Polina, im looking for a temporary order of protection form, and I want to know if I can submit it online
i am looking for some help with submitting a GF-17 form
I want to know if I must notarize the custody form GF-17  before submitting through EDDS?
Yes but they said I have to submitted online and the one you showed me I have to print it out
hmm,Okay - thank you. But I've only submitted the summons with verified complaint and that was back in July.
Can the phone be filled out online and printed and submitted
I already tried to submit for a reconsideration and a waiver, but I don't have enough info. available
It's a vicious cycle. If she doesnt submit complete control to her mother she does this
after i fill the form should i bring it to the court ? can i submit it online ?
that are able to submit information/testify/etc in court on behalf of the child?
ok. They only need help with filling the paperwork and directions on how to submit it
i submitted the GF-17 FORM, but i got the message less than an hour of doing so
i have a question where should i submit my answer on a summon for a divorce case??
or just to submit/file any sort of papers etc to clerk
I am trying to get confirmation of where I can submit a child support modification.
I call the court and they told me the i have to submit everything only but I can't find the link to do it
So i already filed that and submitted electronically but  i have yet to hear from the court.
Hello, I have a hearing on 12/23 and would like to submit documents in advance. How do I do that?
oh so i can submit a request on the EDDS website?
Is there anyway I could filled out the form online and submitted it
I was given the wrong information by several different representatives about what documents to submit which resulted in my case being rejected
