I need to know where I can find the laws on family moving into my rent stabilized apartment with me.
I want to apply for house rent. I heard that about one sort deal.but I don’t know how to apply for that!
Yes, certainly.   I need advice on a housing issue
Is there a help line for Covid related non payment of rent
I'want now is Ossining 10562 NY have rent control
I need help finding a lawyer that's familiar with section 8 housing laws
If I don’t qualify for section 8 how much can they legally raise rent?
i just have questions about a type of housing and the residents rights
I was threatened with eviction if I try to deduct the fees from my rent
he called me a "retard" in a text demanding rent
Hello I'm looking for help at this time for housing court
Okay  I’ll keep your all Information & trying to  apply for house rent. Thank you much for you help.
some questions about rent histories and rent stabilized apartments
I am looking for legal assistance in housing court
I try to connect landlord but he is not respond me for my rent issue who can help me
I don't know exactly where to begin, but 'm looking for some type of legal help in housing discrimination.
now it’s become difficult for her to get approved for sr housing with this hanging over her head
now landlord lawyer sent us email for 3 of  them to pay  unpaid rent
I'm inquiring about rental assistance in Nassau I lost my job and I'm on unemployment
Need a housing lawyer for housing issue
I was referred from Legal services of ny regarding a question I have about rent increases for my non-rent stabilized apartment in the Bronx
I was referred to you about someone that was do to b released last year.he needs housing assistance
I wanted to know if it is illegal for real estate brokers to charge renters a fee?
Hello is there anyway to know the status of the application for covid rent relief
Looking for legal aid to take a residential placement to court for abuse
I rent a room is the landlord required to give me a shelf in the refrigerator and space in the freezer
hello i need assist with rent relief application - when is electronic deadline
hello how do I know if I was approved for rent relief
Hi, I need a lawyer for housing. But I 'm disabled and don't have any money for a lawyer
Looking for help navigating a complicated housing issue
yes. i want to do the right thing but cannot afford to go without rent. i lost my job too...
I can't find any attorney to present us tenants so far
Hi if a mobile home park is for sale do the tenants need to be notified in advance?
Hi,  where can I get a legal aide representation for housing court?
I need to know how much my land lord can up my rent
Now can a landlord deny me housing  because I don't meet her income requirements
is the covid rent relief program open to coop owners behind in maintenance - like mitchel lama etc
I’m looking for a pro bono lawyer to help with a housing issue
Hi my name is Paul Mayes I need help not understand the rent relief appreciation
The landlord hasnt responded but keeps sending me the rent
I’m seeking information regarding tenants rights when renting an illegal apartment/unit
I just got caught up in my rent. I owe December rent. Did the evictions get extended
I would like information about rent control apartment law
Hi. I have a question regarding raise of my rent. Would you be able to help with this issue?
I tried numerous times to apply for the rent relief. But can't get in the system.
I am wondering if it is legal for a landlord to charge you a late fee if you move from one rental place to another.
They did threaten to stop paying rent if i was still here
Is the rental assistance program over? If so do I have other options for help?
Because as of right now, the electronic system shows it plans to take May rent from me.
Hi, i live in a rent stabilized apartment
I need help finding a legal aid for housing court
I would like to find service about renting occupant righys
Ok that looks like it's for renters by the web address and I'll have to try that I guess.
I am looking for legal advice on rental housing.
Yes I'm seeking help in getting any financial assistance in housing. Like any programs that help with payment of rent
I have a postponed rent nonpayment case and I wanted to know housing court is open for in person cases?
Good day. I am currently residing in a 2nd floor apt. That hasn't been paid for by citypheps, which I am a client of.
Hello I'm trying to find information on tenants rights
I would to know if can get assistance from a lawyer regarding unpaid rent and being sued
My fellow peer is afraid to lose his Section 8 housing if he reports his situation to authorities.
Well the 14 day notice can he sue without giving me one? And also on the court papers it's a different amount than my rent
This spring sh came back home March 3rd and we paid rent every month over $1,000, we couldn't sublet this apt at this pandemic situation.
Yes.  I do not want this behavior to continue & I don't want to be homeless.
she was living an apartment building  she had section 8
Hi My name is ahshai jackson. I'm being taken to court by my property management for unpaid rent that has been paid
I am behind on rent for 2 moths  or 3 with this
Jane, I have a friend who needs help with housing
the tenants in my building including myself would like to start a tenants association
No we went to court last year and the case was dismissed just order me to pay 1 month rent and move
If balance is not paid  soon, they would restrict services to me that come with my rental agreement
Commercial tenants rights and obligations to pay is my essential question
Information on what it means for tenants when the building is sold
Also waiting for approval on the application for affordable housing
After that I applied with a different real state agent for the same apartment I did pay broken fee first month and deposit I moved
Kingston housing but i am.under repco enhanced voucher program
It was rent relief from New York law help
Like not pay rent till the end of the lease
have a question about commercial rental and payment of rent for the months of march- may?
Secondly I am disabled and I was wondering if the rent freeze under DRIE was good in allof NYS or only NYC.
We are not not paying rent.  We pay it the first of the month and are good tenants.  No problems
I need a lawyer for court case on rent I'm disabled n they want repair my apartment properly
I have a question on the NYC rent relief program. I applied and not sure what the status is and how to check it
Hi! I have a couple of questions about my rights as a renter
My mother's new lease just came in and she needs more help to pay the increase of rent
If I pay late rent before eviction date do I get to stay in my apartment
I wanted legal services pertaining to rental leases and apartment renting in NYC
I got a text from them yesturday saying rent will be increased if I decide to continue to stay
Good morning...i need the address or fax number to send my rent relief applications off
An disabled as is my spouse. We are on fixed income.We have a one  bedroom apartment and Section 8
sorry it’s section 2524.5 of the rent stabilization code
I finished and printed out the Affidavit of Service   and  Rent Demand
the last link looked promising but I didn't receive rent from them so it didn't apply to my case.
What steps should I take. The rent is 3000 a month. I am foreseeing loosing my job.
My sublets ceased paying rent in February and will not pay again in march. This situation is about to bankrupt me.
I found out he is showing my shop for rent behind my back
good morning, I have a housing issue I'm hoping you can help me with
Need help I’m homeless with my wife n need help n housing. Can u guide me
I have a question about rent raise in a rent controlled or rent subsidized apartment
Okay. Doesn't NYS have an online booklet for basic tenant rights.  Former state AG HAD ONE availa le.
I definitely will, ty.  There's only 2 houses for rent in the city. 30 ppl applying.
I have a question regarding full month rent versus initial occupancy date
Which I don't think I'm obliged to pay as my move out condition is not applicable to what's stated in the lease package
I would want to know how much is furniture allowance for a family of 6 ?
i wanted to know how do i find ou the status of the covid 19 rent assistance
I want to move out from rent stabilized apartment but I dont know which forms to use
I have limited funds and I'm also in shelter do to loss Apartments
i need help with my rents concerning  a month to month agreement
i was sued for non payment of rent recetntly and the back rent was paid and still nothing was done
Hi  I would like to know how can I get the application for Covid Rent Relief please
and how about rent relief due to leaking ceilings ?
I have not tried them. Will they be able to help me with housing matters?
I would like to avoid housing court, not eventual payment of rent owed.
This is all in retaliation for my non-payment of rent due to my loss of income from the pandemic
I live in a rent stabilized apartment.  I do not receive section 8 nor is this a NYCHA.
What are my current legal rights in housing during this pandemic
Yes I’m being harassed by building management I rent from
i need the contanumber for the housing court help center please
How do I negotiate a rent reduction. I am a renter of Fairfield properties
This was about 5 days after exercising my rights. I've lived there for 6 years without missing a rent payment
I filled out for COVID 19 help the confirmation # 0NK4PXY2 and  received Notice to pay rent or quit possession
So I lost my job in October rent was due Nov 1st couldn't pay now I have to be out by the 31st of Nov
I have paid for her hotel on temporary basis but I wanna move her to woman shelter house
he truly did not understand he was agreeing to $300 a month for the next 3 years.
i received court papers for non payment of rent filed on 9/9/2020
I'm on wrong page I wanted to ask about rent relief program
I have rent checks from my bank to their bank dating back to 2013
last month I was able to use my sercurty deposit as a months rent. But I need help paying this months
Can undocument resident of my apply for the covid rent relief
the place is usually week to week rental forn75% of tenants
okay please. Can a mobile home park owner pick and choose how I pay for rent and charge me extra for certain payments
I'm renting from New York City housing authority
They listen and send out flyers to the tenants not addressing the problem
I need to find legal advice on housing issue with my aging parents that only speaks Cantonese
they said we to apply  before july 31 for rent assisance program
Hi I have a rent area that needs to be looked over
the judge made errors primarily the biggest was our paying the rent for three years during the holdover 2013 to 2016
Thank you so much I'm in a 80/20 program that is ending in 2022 if you have DRIE isn't ur rent supposed to frezze
I would like info regarding applying for rent relief
You're unfortunately not completely understanding my question... I am looking for HOW TO NEGOTIATE rent reduction GIVEN COVID AND LEAKING CEILING
I been resident on a nycha for about 20 years and I have problems with the housing assistance
I don't want to lose money on this. The woman I'm subletting from threatened to sue me.
Yes....I applied for the Rent relief program ...how soon will I know if I was approved and how do I find out
and daughter in law that live with her. she is able to be safe with a friend but she needs long lasting housing assistance
I need temporary housing assistance for me and my disabled wife.
Hi I would like to know how do I apply for the covid-19 rent relief program
Most,own their trailers here. And pay property rent monthly
I need guidance on a housing issue. Hopefully, this will prevent me from needing to start litigation
landord saying  apartment is rented for 09SEP
I am at risk of homelessness and need help with housing and I'm currently pregnant
i would like to have assistance with apartments issues
i am not low income or rent stablized.  market rate building managed by a coop
I live in a building that has rent stablized units. Mine is not.  My referator is broken for 4 days
ive seen that but does that apply to tenants that are behind on rent as well
It’s keeps bringing me back to this page but I can google Long Island housing services in Bohemia
i would like some help getting to the covid-19 rent relief program please
Is there a phone where I can call and find out? City Home housing Development fund corportation
I have a specific situation regarding a rent stabilized building. Can you help with that?
As far as trying to purchase property later on in life
I could use help finding free legal advice. I had some questions about withholding rent for repairs not made in my apartment.
Need landlord legal assistance in New York county regarding bed bug infestation prior to owning the property tenants not paying rent
Now I can't afford to move as rents will be much higher.I've been here 26 yrs!
I have questions regarding the “Tenants Declaration Of Hardship During the Pandemic” form.  Where can I get assistance re: health hardship verbiage?
Is this hte information about the rent relief program?  i just have a question
the social worker speaks to me condescendingly. I have requested verbally several times for reasonable accommodation due to breathing difficulties in their poorly ventilated office.
Well I lost my job so I'm behind January and February rent and I don't want to get invict
we purchase the home with closing in June, 1srent due 7/1- the have not yepaid any rent
I need her to overrule seamans decision to freeze my housing asap
Hi. I am looking for pro bono legal assistance in negotiating my rent due to financial difficulties as a result of the Covid 19 pandemic.
Where can I find upstate NY tenants rights
I'm trying to apply for the rent relief
I have a temporary residence with conditions for only two years
hello i want to fill out for covid rent relief but don't know where to go
They mentioned "This lease continue regardless of Resident  is unable to continue occupancy... " still obligate to pay rend
I’m looking for legal advise on a housing issue as a sublet
can you point me to any resources that show that rent payments for a commercial lease should go to arrears and not current rent
hello i need help to apply for the covid 19 renting
Hi! My wife and I are renting an apartment in Manhattan. We understand the laws have recently changed, among other things, wrt application fees.
How do I check on a pending housing case court date during covid
my grandmother is receiving scried and had her rent frozen, she is unable to operate alone on a day to day basis.
Hello, I am looking for information on how to withhold paying rent due to lack of gas, heat and hit water per 2 weeks...
Can you provide me with a phone number to a organization that is helping with rental assistance in my area
I understand... however he is financially able to buy a home if he desires so he is able to move
ok,, so Gov Cuomo has not mentioned a 90 day deferred program to all tenants in NY
I am looking for a referral for lawyer that specializes in commercial landlord/tenant disputs
Non payment of rent not cause of COVID-19
Btw I file prior to housing for rent reduction  July to to aug no elevator
My rent have been fair market for 19 years
I am currently unemployed and have been since march. I have held my rent due to repairs that have not been completed
also what type of housing is it considered, and who rules over resident rights
I’ve been trying to explain my situation to landlord and move out but landlord keep push us with rent obligation
and now I have December rent on top and my job is not doing well right now
good. Is it possible i will find a category for preferential rent there?
I am looking for an attorney to tell me if my Rent To Own housing agreement is legal
Aaliyah mejias I'm looking for.housing help
