I'm sorry going on four years
Thanks very much for your assistance. Have a great evening.
ok, got you....thanks so much... u have a great day.
No that is all I wanted to know. Thank you. I hope you have a great rest of your day
oh ok then we’ll thank you so much for helping me today
All is well, have a nice day, thanks again for your time and help
nope im good to go have a good day thanks
Thank you much. Enjoy the rest of your day.
OK.  I will work on this tomorrow I imagine everyone has gone home now.  Thank you for listening.
Enjoy the rest of your day and have a great weekend.  You've been a great help, thank you.
Thank you again for your help. Have a good day stay safe😁
do you know where i can find to stay for a couple of days to gather
okay, thank you so much for you help. Have a wonderful day!
This was helpful. That’ll be all for today. Have a great rest of your day!
Ok. Thanks anyway. Have a good day
Okay, thanks. That's that's it for today.
Ok thank you for your help have a nice day
Not at this time, this is wonderful-- thank you so much!  Have a great day!
Okay. Thank you so much. Have a great day then
Needs help with bathing and daily thing
Ok, thanks for looking. Have a good night!
Thanks for your help i appreciate you have a wonderful day
OK thank you very much have a good week!!!
No that's all. You've been very helpful. Have a great day!
Will do, thank you for your help. That's all I need today
Thanks have a great night and a great weekend as well.
Thank you, this helps A lot. Have a good day.
Thank you so very much hope you have a great rest of your day
Ok thank you for your help. Have a good day.
I am going to get off the line now.  Thank you so much again and you have a wonderful day!
Very Good, Thank you for your help. Have a good day!
Okay, thank you so much, have a great evening!
Thank you very much, this should be good for now, stay healthy and enjoy the rest of your week
Good morning, I’m good thank you
I thank you so much...stay safe & have a wonderful day
Thanks for your help it is much appreciated. Have a nice day
ok. thank you very much and have a nice day
Okay thank you so much and I will check all these out, have a great day. Thanks again.
Awesome. Thank you for your help. Have a great day.
awh- sorry then. Have a good day ma'am!
No that's fine thanks for your help have a nice day
I think I'm good for now. Appreciate your help. Have a good day
Okay, thank you for your help, and have a nice evening.
No that will be all n thank you n have a great day
thank u so much Mike, have a great day and weekend yourself
Great. Thank you so much for your help. Have a great day.
Thank you so much for your help. Be safe and have a nice day.
No, you have been of great help, thank you and have a nice day.
OK thank you very much and have a good day OK thank you very much and have a good day
Good Morning, thanks for your time and help.
Ok thank you so much I will come back tomorrow
No, thank you sooo much!!! Have a great weekend
Thank you so much and yes I will do that. You have a good night as well
Thank you so much Franklin. Wishing you a safe and awesome afternoon.
Ok thank you so much you have a wonderful day.
Thank you very much for your help... This is terrible to deal especially during these rough times
Ok great I did that thanks again so much have a nice weekend
Not at this time but I appreciate your help have a wonderful evening and weekend..Thank you once again.
I don’t think so thanks again, have a great night
thats it thank u very much...have a good day
wow thanks nicole ur cool. hope u have a good day tho.
Awesome! thank you so much. have a great day!
ok  thank you for  you time  have  a nice  day
Okay thank you so much. Have an amazing day!
That's it for today. Thanks again! Enjoy the rest of your day.
no you were most helpful! I cant thank you enough! I hope you have an amazing day Maya!
OK thank you for your help have a nice weekend
ok, thank you....have a good day...
Ok thank you for your help. Have a great day
Thank you most kindly for your assistance. Have a pleasant evening.
No thank you enjoy your day stay safe
Thank you so much for your time have a good night
that's ok, thanks for your time and help
Thank you so  very much you have just made this a very good day for me Thank you thank you thank you
Ok thank for your help have a great day
Ok, yes, thank you. No, that's all, thank you. Have a nice night and thank you again.
No thats all I needed to know thank u for your time
I wanted to find help before the time runs out
Awesome thank u n good night!!
Perfect.   Thank you so much.  Have a great day
thank you for your help today. Enjoy your day and stay healthy
Yes your right thanks you have been a great help have a wonderful day
I appreciate  your help and I hope you have a wonderful weekend.
Okay I am going to check some of them out.  Have a great rest of your day.
Thanks for letting me know! Have an awesome day!
I see. Thank you so much. Have a great day
Great! Thank you so much for your help! Have a great rest of your day!
No. I thank you for all you've done to guide me on the right direction. Have a nice day.
i appreciate your help i'll just try back in a few days
Thank you very very much I surely appreciate your time and patience be safe and have a pleasant day thank you again
That would be all for today, thank your for your service and have a good rest of the day
Thanks dear . Have a great weekend when it comes
Good morning and thank you for taking your time.
Okay. Thank you for your assistance.  Have a good day
That's all for now. Much appreciated & have a good evening!!
thank you so much, I really appreciate it.  I'll see what I can find out.  Have a lovely day.  Thanks again
I'm coming back in a couple of days for good,
Ok thanks I’ll read those.  Enjoy your afternoon
ok thank you very much. You have a good day.
No thank you . Enjoy the rest of your day 😁
Ok thank you for your help. Have a nice day
oh okay thank you have a nice day
Ok - thanks for your help Sydney.  Have a great weekend!
Ok. I will do that. Thanks for your help! Have a great day!
Thank you so much for your help.  Yes, it's quite a difficult time.
No that’s all for today, thank you again and have a great day
ok thank you I will try it out. Enjoy the rest of your day
Fantastic I’ll check them out too have a great evening and thanks 🙏
Thank you for your time and much needed help. Thanks!!
Thanks  for the wishes🙏🙏🙏 have a great day 😊
Ok, thanks for your time, have a good day
I'll give you all the time you need just so you can guide us to help my friend.
oh thank u    will ok u have a great day and you are very helpful and kind
Ok. This is very helpful.  Thanks so much.    Have a great day!
Thank you again ru. I hope you have a nice evening and weekend
awesome. Thank you very much. Enjoy the rest of your day
Thank you so much for your time and help! 👍
thank you!  Hopefully they will be able to help tomorrow. Have a good evening.
Ok thanks very much have a good day take care bye.
Ok. Thank you for your help. Have a good day.
Thank you! You are much appreciated good day!
thank you I will look into all of these....have a great day
so I’m going throu a tough time
I am going to do that first thing in the morning. Thank you for all of your help
Ok thank you so much, have a great day
Oh okay I apologize I don't know much about these things thanks for your time. I'm all set have a good day
thanks for the help, and have a good week. l
Perfect, thank you have a good weekend and stay healthy
I worked 32 years straight and no one is available to help me during these bad times. Where should I go?
Ok Thank you so much again. Bye. Have a. Beautiful day
none that I can think of.  You’ve been a great help thank you and enjoy your day
Thank you very much Katie. Have a great day
That's ok thanks for your help. Have a good night. Thank you.
No thank you very much. This was extremely helpful. I appreciate your time. Have a good day
Thank you so much for taking the time to help
Okay that is great. Thank you so much. Have a great night :)
Thank you so much..this will be a great start....Have a nice day.
thats all i needed help with...have a great day
Okay thank you so much I'm going to head over there right now have a great night
Thank you for your time. You have a good night. Be well.  Thanks
No. Thank u anyways. Have a good night.
ok thanks for the number have a great night
Thank you. Happy New year! enjoy ur evening.
okay how can i start today or tomorrow morning
Ok Thank you so much ! Have a good night
great thank you. that's all I nee. Thanks for the help and have a great day.
That will be all. i greatly appreciate your help. thank you. have a good night
That's all. Thank you again. Hope you have a great day!
Nope that was all I needed. Thank you have a great day!
Ok thanks Melissa have a wonderful day
That’s all. Thank you. Be safe and have a great weekend
looks good   Thanks for your help  have a great day!
Ok thank you I am going to go check these.!! Have a great day!!!
okay, thank you so much. have a good day
No, this is help. Thank you and enjoy the rest of your day
have an amazing day and happy new year!
no thank you. You've been very helpful. Have a good day
thank you so much. May you enjoy the rest of your day and remain safe during this pandemic era.
have a great day Annie, take care
no thanks youve been great have a good night
thank you very much, we will work on these for now. Thanks again, have a good day
Ok thanks for your help have a great weekend
That's all for today thank you again have a great day.
OK I’ll try them tomorrow with in the business hours thank you
ah alright, I should be good for now, thank you for your time Cara
NO NOTHING ELSE THANK YOU AND ENJOY YOUR DAY
Ok thank you for your time, have a wonderful day.
i can't of any right now. thanks and have a good day.
Okay thank you so much! Have a nice day 😊
Ok sounds goodthank you have a great day
No,I’m happy with your help thank you have a great day
I hope you have a wonderful day and many blessing come your way for your kindness today stay well !
Ok thanks alot have a great day
Ok. Thank you so much for your help. Have a great day!
Got it, thanks and have a great rest of your evening!
thank you so much Greg, have a wonderful day.
thank you this is an awesome site !!! have a good night .
ok great I will thanks. no that's all have a great day.
No, that's all, thank you and have a good rest of your day!
Got it. Thank you so much for your help! Have an awesome day!
Thank you for your help this afternoon.  Have a good weekend.
No, that's all I needed to know. Thank you and have a great day
I'm all set, appreciate your help, have a lovely evening!
Okay. Thank you for your time. Enjoy the rest of your evening.
That is all for now, I will read more about it. Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day!
Thanks have a great day and stay healthy
I don't think so...have a great rest of your day
OK.  Thanks for your help.  Have a nice day.  Stay well.
Thank you Shanequa! I really appreciate the help. Enjoy your day 😊
No there is nothing else. Hope you have a good night.
thank you so much for your help. have a great day.
Ok, I will look into this. Thanks, this is helpful and a start. Thank you for your time.
Thank you so very much for your help! Have a good day
O OK THANK YOU SORRY I JUST DONT KNOW WHERE TO LOOK FOR HELP HAVE A GREAT DAY
