yes please. I’m on Medicaid so if possible free legal aid
Yes please I ant and all help I can get
please let me know my rights here because this seems completely unfair and inappropriate
Please as it is dire and navigating through the site is not easy
Please take care of yourself and have a good evening.
No thank you please take care and be safe
I have another question if you can assist in this matter please
Please take your time. I am here. I prepared ahead of time so it was easier for me.
No problem, please let me know if there is anything else I can help with
Yes please i know the courts are closed i wanted to start the process now so when the courts open i would have a date
Yes please I would certainly appreciate it.
Thanks please have a great day and stay safe..
Yes please.  I have a hard time narrowing down which Court it is
but any other alternatives I'd gladly accept please.
O I'm sorry, legal representation please
sure, please give me a moment to type
Thank you Lindsey!  Please know that appreciate any information you can share.
Also can you give me the number to call ? Please & thank you
Okay, can you please connect me with someone who understands removal to federal court.
Also, would you please provide me with some free organization for free lawyers
Hi Celine. I need some advise please or direction
Yes please anything that can help me bring my babies home
How to started this process???... please I need your help..!!!
I'd you could look for resources that could help my boyfriend out please for free programs?
Yes, Please,  I am scared and tired of her watching my every move
I would like to talk with someone about employee rights in NYC please.
Okay thank you and yes please that would be great
please ill wait, thank you i thought nothing could be done
please please Jaime I don't who u r but if this is a human please help me I lost my job and total
Yes please would love a name of the legal organization
Please don't be sorry you've offered me a great service you've given me back hope
Hi! I need to be added as an administrator to my mother's estate. Could you please guide me to the appropriate form?
can you please get the info from Jacqueline so I don’t have to start alllll over again
good morning please do you speak spanish
“Yes please” and thank you in advance for your service to the community.
I dont want anything from him..just please help me get this done
please send me the mediation information please
yes please I need legal services please
Please give me a name and number of whom I can speak with
Please. Was getting my question tyoed and ready lol
Thank you!! Yes, please I would appreciate that.
Yes please I will love to get some help
Yes please my kids are age 3 and 4 months
Yes please, an organization referral would be great
Please provide free legal services information
could you please tell me what my legal issue would be considered
Yes, please and thank you. I would really appreciate that.
can you please help me figure out which one to call?
Thank you I read some info online.. could you send me some referrals so I can speak to someone please?
Thank u.  One question more please if you don’t mind
please to be low cost or free help
Yes please that would be a great help. Thank you
Can you please help me find free legal services
Yes please because I really want to see my son an his grandmother is very rude
No. Thank you. Please I need a referral for this matter. Thank you again
I tried to find florida probono but was not successful so yes please help me
Thank you so very much Michael! Please have an awesome day!
Ok how please I don't want to bring him
My name is  (Sunny)Millicent  the service i am seeking please if possible is free legal assistance with a job situation
Can't you please help me to get the right form.
(great Cara, please hold on while I finish with others)
Yes but needs legal aid please
Please the first option did not work out well
can you please transfer me to legal information for families today?  I just began talking to someone and then got a call on my phone
We need help...my lil man shouldn't have to go threw that...please help me nd guide me to right direction for this lil boy boy...
no i just want the info i'm asking for please it's really simple
Please give me an explanation about the website you sent me.
Please wait. And don’t type for a minute
help me in finding free legal help please
Okay please thank u I appreciate that
Yes, I understand and would like to continue please.
May I speak with a LiFT operator please
ok sorry  yes please assist
Its ok please take your time 🙂
okay, can you give me some legal information please?
and when I say as they please, I mean when both parents communicate beforehand and agree upon it
Is there's any free programs in queens that I can call for assistance please provide me with the info
Ok yes, let me get the websites too please
Yes. Joseph, I lost our chat again. Can you help me get back to it please?
Please give me a minute to make sure I have the right form
yes   i will read the info but please also refer me where I can get legal advice
Can you please give me directions to a government courts house Were 🏠 i can get some help
Wow. Yes please! Thank you so much for your help!
ok please get me to them immediately thank you!
Yes please I would like a list
how to get the free help? can you please tell me that?
Please do, I really don't know what to do anymore.
they said if I stop working please notify them immediately
can you please give me info on finding representation?
Please I feel they may try to harm me or my appartment
Thank you so much for your time and patience please stay safe.
Please do, I am being treated like a criminal by this magistrate
Okay if I disappear my lunch break is over can you please just send me the information
I need urgent assistance if possible please
Yes please, I'm looking for legal representation.
ok, thank you again. Please stay safe....
yes, if this could be a solution, that could help us to have a fast response, yes please
Yes please. Any information that you have would be appreciated
Yes please. I called them to find out if they could waive the fines, but they refused
Yes please I’d really appreciate that.
if you were so kind please? I really need to get in touch with the court.
Hi Maya, can you please transfer this chat to me? Thanks!
great! how can I find the form to apply? please
I need help! If you don't know please transfer me. This is very important
yes please refer me to legal aid organization as long as its free
Let me read this all. Give me a sec please
I would like that please, I am the father and would like half custody law wise and her to visit me here and there
I fully understand my name is James Fisher please give me direct info.so someone could help me thanks
please if it’s not taboo folllow me on instagram
Please thank you. I greatly appreciate whatever number or organization you could provide me with.
Ok thank you so very much .. Please stay safe..
That was all for today. Thanks and please stay safe!
please you and your family and friends stay safe
please transfer me to someone who knows more. we have been chatting over 30 minutes and have gotten nowhere
Hi my name is Brooke can u please help me
Legal aid. And Legal assistance NY. Please don't bother with those 2. No help.
oh awesome yes please and thank you
Ok yes please!  I knew you could if you could not help
yes, please i dont know anything about my soon for the past month
Can i please have some reading so i can get a litle bit of an idea with nyc process
Yes you can please I just need my kids home anything can help
Alright. Could you please connect me? Thank you
please let me finish i type slow
I just had a chat with another rep and lift didn't work can I have other links please
Yes, please. The buyer would be a neighbor in the building, so we think that the interview process should be smooth.
yes, please. You can send them in English and if possible in Spanish as well. Thank you very much.
OR can you please confirm what the number is for the legal aid society in Queens ?
Please tell me how I can use this service to get legal information
Please send me info about legal help
No - you have been most helpful! Thank you and please stay safe!
yes we had found that thank you. Please let me know if you find anything else
That would be helpful, yes please, thank you
when i logged in here, i gave my location. that hasn't changed.  can i please chat with someone else?
Ok Dennis, I've Book marked both sites. A brief discription of each please.
Yes please thak you have great day
Sorry, last question, Could you please tell me what docs should I bring to file in the courts?
Yes please that would be helpful this way if I have any other issues I can call or go there
I need a lawyer please am losing a lot of sleep over this
Ok. Please find one that I can use being that I am a public assistance client/ recipient.
Please I need help because I need my daughter
Thank you so much Celine. Please take your time. I appreciate the help.
I really appreciate the other resource you gave me god bless you be safe
Could you please provide a person or organization who has legal research tool resources such as lexis or westlaw.
Shannon, please hang on one more minute...
Yes, please. Thank you so much for your help
Thank you again but can you please let me know which one will be free consultation.
yes please, Thank you so much. I truly appreciate all your help and advice
yes please. Anything that can help at this point.
Oh please yes that would be great
yes please, also i need someone that can offer free consultation as to funds are tight
can i speak with someone else please?  you don't seem to understand what i am saying
please stay safe and have a blessed day !
It's okay but I just need the help much as possible please can you help me
please let me know if i need to further clarify. i apologize if i made it more confusing.
Thank you, Bennett. Please stay healthy.
Yes, please, that would be helpful. Thank you
Please help me find the one nearest me
Yes, please.  To note, this matter is in Supreme Court.
I need free legal services. Please help me.
Amazing.  Thank you so much for your help. Have a great evening and please be safe
can you please connect me with a law firm that can help me with my case?
Legal assistance for mental health personal can you direct me please
Please do, I have been trying to get some answers since last Wednesday
(great, please hold a few minutes while I finish up)
Thank you so much! Please you, and your friends and family stay safe
Yes, I would like to have him arrested, please
Please help me soni know what my rights are?
Please direct me to appropriate form to start process...thanks
I know where my spouse is located. So that shouldn’t be an issue right ? And yes please.
(please help the person figure out a few that might be able to help them)
let me refer to one other form quickly one sec please
Okay one second please checking
okay, can you please tell me where i can find this answer?
Free legal services would be most helpful. Yes, please.
yes please a number would be great!
No, that was it. I pray to get some good  advise and assistance.
okay, please let me know when you get some info. thanks
Yes please. Cuz I don’t know what to do.
Oh yes please and thank you for your patience.
Can you please  kindly let me know what do I need to do ?
Perfect. Thank you so very much for your time and please have a blessed day.
Hello again I tried lift and that was a no go can I have other info please
Yes please can you also send me information about trusts as well
Yes, please transfer me to LIFT operator. Thank you
No please take your time I also have an appointment with them on December 11th at 9 p.m.
it has taken 15 min to get to that question please don't leave me without it
Thank you, please send me as much info as you can I need it and will be very grateful for it.
you're supposed to be able to give that info please
thanks so much again please stay safe
(Great Timothy! Just remember to get a yes at the beginning. Finishing up with the others, so please hang on)
Yes, please because we are just going in circles at this point.
please it will be great if you would help her in this hard times
