My mother don’t want to give me my daughter
Hi I have visitation with my son but his dad doesn't want me to pick him up because of the corona virus
He has a 4 month old daughter and the child's mother doesn't bring her to see her Dad
Want to know what his rights are to the home verses mine
he live here in Manhattan he did not know he was give it to her the custody of his son when he got divorced
My daughter lives with me ever since she was born the father is not active in her life and doesnt have a relationship with her
We have a baby and we have nowhere else to go so we don't know what to do
plus I don’t have no information about my child father
that is my daughters name emma. I havent seen her or jason in 7 years. I miss them so much i can hardly stand it
if there are 2 children. one lives with me the other lives with her father do i include both on the paperwork?
i can bring the order to the house my self but she might not be there
My sons father refuses to give permission
Me too. He’s my boyfriend. It’s hard to watch all this going on and not know how to help him
That isn't the right area for me household but thank you
My mother is. Im helping her, as shes does not know what to do.
How can I find out if I still have any parental rights to my daughter who hasn't lived with me in a few years
Ive had family willing to take my son but they wont place him with family
my mom lives here in ny but my father is in florida i believe
Involuntarily or because he has no other options available to him like no home to go home too.
I currently have visitation rights, as well I'm on child support, but my children's mom is moving to another state, which is prohibited.
It is regarding my dad. He not incapacitated but he is not well and my sister is using that against me.
he lives with the mother but when she gets upset she keeps my son from me
my daughter is living with me but her mother got public assitisant  so they have me on child support
My daughter's father want to take her for weeks but my daughter has conditin where she can not be around anyone smoking
We don’t live together. I live at home. But he knows where I live
Yes , but my mother’s daughter move to Orange County with ny daughter
I have a couple issues on is for a divorce amd the other is my ex wife ams slandering my business and my name
i no longer live with my mother and i will be going to collage
her father has her lie I can’t deal with anymore
hello, I was a newborn and his father and I do not live together
granted we were not supposed to be around each other but we have three kids together
neither he wants but he doesn’t respect ME or our home
I’ll take a look. I appreciate your help! It’s a little complicated as well because his father owns the building.
he lives in queens but his lawyer's office in manhattan.
I live in Newark NJ essex county but my daughter lives in the bronx
the mother has has my kids around this man even after I voiced my concerns about him
they don’t want to give me a leave of absence
The situation is that i own the house and my ex refuses to leave
He has not seen my son since last year
Yes I’m living with my boyfriend, and they also don’t agree with me being with him
I am currently living in Queens, however, my ex wife put down our address in LI.
I also live in another state from the mother
but she has other children who come to that apartment with their abusive father
I live in Manhattan but other parent lives in the Bronx
I do not want this man near. Me or my son but idk what to do
I don't need the above link.  I need the DIY Form  - Motion to Vacate the Order
Will im the Mother oh the child he live by me but thefather never visit him or do nothing for my son
my first child's father could care less but my second childs father has done alot more
And the other one cannot help me if my husband still stays at home with me
my son has finished college and doesnt live with his mother
I need to get my daughters  passaport  but  I don’t know anything about the father
yet the court continues to support his visits but not support the fact that he does nothing to support
he knows the address on teh order but her family says she moved and they dont know where she is
i currently reside in Florida but my daughter lives with her mother in Staten Island
However my sons father absolutely refuses to let me see or speak to my son..
And the amount that my child father owns me but the court is closed and i don't live in ny anymoree
I’m in a situation now that I can’t see my kids now as their mom don’t want to
she no longer lives with my mother and i need to put in a petition to have her in my custody
I'm working on my parent's house to be a better environment for my son tho
We had an affair but I'm not sure if he's the father
but I dont want to get my mom in trouble either because its only me who gets treated like this and I have other siblings
I'm currently in Manhattan, although I don't have an address
I live in PA but my son lives in NY with his father. He now wants to move with me in PA.
I dont know why bc in the handbook, it says i don't need one but the drs have one representing them
I’m a parent (Father) who is there honking of putting myself on child support because the mother is impossible to work with
also the fact that he does not want to see his son
A lady claims i am her child father. But i don't know if its true
His mother now wants our son to move to Texas but I do not feel comfortable with him under her household full time
My daughter and i can't see her because the mother will not let me
His dad is not out for my son best interest he does not like him.   How do I get the forms to my son
does the child have rights if he doesn't want to go with his father
Need a place for me n my wife it’s cold out n the pandemic also makes it worse
my sister has lived there on and off for 10+ years her ex was born and raised there but he also moved around a lot
Ok, but then I can't get support if the father lives with us
It's a foreign name and it could cause him issues with school in that age because of the meaning
i want to include my babys dad last name on my child
But it dont work she think she's there parent
the mother do not let see to my son see his kid
Ok but I am the only with my son what do I do drag him with me after keeping him inside and away from everyone
I would giver her to him I just don't want to separate my children
thank you I think they won't work with us because we are estranged, the dad has not seen the child in a year
That is fine but the only place i know is her mother's house and she is not there
but she doesn’t live here. It’s only my Myself, grandparents and my sister which goes to college
not from him per se as he is in another state but from his familu
My wife took my 2 yr old son last Thursday and is not allowing me to see or speak to him.
i know my child is his he’s the one saying to everyone but me that my child ain’t his
I didn’t abandon or not communicate with my children though
ok so since my sons father income has change the order can be modified
so recently my cousin was given custody of my son and she and her husband are not allowing me to see him
She hasn't allowed him access but said he's the father
Yeah if my sons father does not have to show up in court thats good
I was recently divorced and me and my x have shared custody but my kids reside with me and I wanted to have full custody
I have been on that website and it doesn't have a copy of the actual order on there
i have a screenshot of him saying that was high with my son is that evidence
if the father doesn't want anything to do with the child and is not involed
He doesn’t care for them anyway they’re my children
my mother didn’t put my fathers name
my son is with someone who says he is not the son of Glen
I need help finding my legal right as a parent who child lives with him and the  other parent won't let her comeback home
Yes we share joint custody but I have residencey of the child and my daughter only has weekend visiting and she is refusing to return
i am a stay at home mom don’t drive and Need help
My grand daughters they don’t want to live with her father
Theres many reason why i don't trust him with my son alone
I will continue supporting him and remain in his life but not live with him.
Ok but I don’t want to take them from their dad. He is a wonderful father and my daughter is awesome.
with that being said, my mother did not have a will but has funds that need to be dispersed amongst the 4 of us
I have proof I have not been with husband since n 13 years.they said does not matter
Current spouse of my ex wife isn't let me see my kids, insulting me and emotionally abuse my children
my daughter's father is not giving me child support
So yes thay did offer me a job yes but the drive and hours were not reasonable and he would not nogatiote with me
His mother has health issues and he doesn’t have a father. My daughter agrees with this
My daughters father and I have joint custody but he hasn’t honored his end since it was made
and I will like to go back to court as well because the mother of my child isn’t going by the rules
It's for child support. My daughter lives with me but her mother still get the money
Its mom's house and her elder son has entered without her permission
In the first certificate when my son born he has no father
I don’t know why he still have rights to my daughter if he doesn’t want to be around her
Hi I really hate my sons father
my daughter mom isn’t allowing me to see or take my daughter for weekends because I refuse to be with her.
We want her out if the house when her father leaves because he doesn't want her either. What can I do?
I'm the grandmother my son  is the father  but they said we can't see him. until he 18
My daughter don't want to come back because of my wife.  Wife is depressed for the last 6 years and is not getting any better.
My wife won't let me see my baby boy
my ex is not on child support and he’s not helping me
my child’s father shared custody of our kids but I need to have their passport done n he refuses
Her father has previously had an ACS case opened about him sexually abusing his older daughter (different mother), however the case was unfounded
Yes, child support and visitation but the father hasn’t seen her in about 2 years
Not really it says I can use the program if I have no child under 21
Yes, we share custody, but child lives with me
The grandmother is not a United States citizen but she has a green card
But I don't my husband from India and it is going to 10 years .We r imformally sepreted
i am currently on child support because my daughter mother is on P.A and my daughter no longer lives with her mother
I’m the father and the child’s mother doesn’t allow me to see my daughter sometimes
Dixie but it is problematic because there is a conflict of interest where her grandmother works for the court there and has pull
My daughter's school is closed indefinitely and I have no way of providing care for her
because I as the mother didn’t put my baby father in the system the government did
The thing is these when we get marry he wants to give my son his name because he dont have a father
Yes i am ok with it...My daughter's husband is not allowing her to let me see the kids.
My wife and her new husband are not let me to see my kids
also can she take my daughter out of the country without my permission thanks
I had her for the last few months with no support. Mom doesn’t want her
The father of my daughters he is not respecting the ordered and  adjuded
it says i can't use it because we aren't the mother or father
I see "you are a man who believes he is the father..." but what if the man does NOT believe he's the father?
Wow.  This is good stuff. But she has my kids and so has no inclination of doing any of this.
i am on ssi my friend is remarried and only his wife is working
Joseph- That link did not help, as Z lived with his aunt.
I live in albany county but my daughter lives in manhattan. So her father has custody so would ot be a modification?
I have no idea. Mom and me don't speak. If he is, it's probasbly illegal
she is no in his house all the time, she is even in my fathers house also
I WOULD LIKE TO SHARE CUSTODY OF MY SON. MY SON'S MOTHER WILL NOT LET ME SEE HIM
I have my grandson and I get no support from his father can I get custody of him
I've by child's support for my daughter but the daughter she don't live with the mom no more what I have to do
we also havd another child just born and dont want to have this issue ongoing
Can she be emancipated in this situation even if she doesn't live on her own.
The issue is my case is in NJ but nor me or the mother lives in NJ
my issue is not letting her live with her dad im just afraid he wont let her see me
How can I get my son in law out of my home my daughter wants him out also
She no longer lives with mother and is not receiving any money from mother, isn't that already emancipated
Both live at home with me and the father does not help at all this is why I have him on child support
All i know is the grandma is ordered too have the children live there but its extremely unsafe
and that was the only real asset my dad owned but i'm assuming that the house is now legally my mom's only
With nowhere to go due to fathers background he can not stay with me unfortunately
Her and my son doesn't get along to well either , its a huge mess
I don’t have any family here and I don’t know where to ask for help
i need to flie for child support my son isgoing to be 18 n his dady is not helping at all
There is a young woman claiming that my son is her daughters father but hasn't allowed him access how do we proceed
Hi I don't have a court case my children's dad and can not speak with each other with out arguing
the manager of the apartment complex is suppose to give her boss the evidence but she’s not really doing anything
The mother and I do not get along, so discussing it with her would be useless.
im actually looking for a form that both parties are agreeing that the child is not biologically theirs even though we are atill married
right now I won't b able to go anywhere because my cancer does not allow me
Ok. I would have to go to court, the mother won't do that
But my husband won't let me take my daughter
It’s only 1 child. And he neither lives with me or the father. He is in Queens with his great grandmother
Its a 4 bedroom but she wanted to make on of the room her plant room and the other her office space
I am living in Jamaica with my child. I have never done a custody  but the child lives with me
I am having a separation with the mother of my two kids and i feel like she is not going to take care of them
i just dont want my mom to be burden with her outstanding bills   the city can have my aunts house but it wont sell
I will like to know how can I get my child support from daughter s father even tough I do not know where he lives
My daughter is 19 and works full time, I want her to move out and she refuses
It is but things were worse with my son's father so i'm ok this time around thank God lol
I live in NYC, my child lives with her mother in Onondaga. I have been denied access to see my child
Reason is because the mother wants to move out of the state
The mother  off my child  dont let me take the kids  with me
My son no longer wants to live with his mother he is 16 years old can he legally move in with me his father
Yes I need help my baby mom is not letting me see my child.
i need to put an order of sole custody again my child father not doing his job
idk what to do or if I need permission to move even though I have custody and the father is fine with it
Arguing in the day and in the night in front of my children and my children arguing with her also my two older ones
