Huntersmoon,  lantern property,  gmhc, the front guard service who failed to protect me
My concern arises from a Proposed Order of Protection filed in the Queens Family Court.
how do I go about an order protection and where am I suppose to send the form?
Hi Deanna hope you and your family staying safe and healthy in this situation
how do I get placed in housing or an apartment with an order of protection?
thank you. I expect; and also I would like to know where to file NOW to obtain a  temporary order of protection
i need order protection from Karina Grebennikova
I had one in place but dropped it to help my order protection case
Hi i needed to file an order of protection
I told her I am going to put a order protection agains her sister and husband because they drink to much and party
im not in any immediate danger now and I’m using someone else’s device so my mother won’t find out
i would like to know where i can get legal help to protect myself and my kids from their father who is dangerous
Hello, I’m trying to get an order protection
No previous order except for the order of protection
how does the served from the begnning know there is a FINAL ORDER OF PROTECTION
child dad lives in Connecticut n has a stay away order protection with my grandson his son
i would like to but i cant call the police. he's made many threats to me if he is arrested
But I have no proof that I was granted the order of protection. They didn’t give me anything that says that.
I need an order protection against my two children
she's violent so I put a temp order of protection
At Family Court I already put in a order of protection for my spouse is that considered light in the system already
What are the organization that can help me get order protection for free
cour day is November 25 2019 my husband do order protection for me
there isn't more these are actions that happen when order of protection is served to a person
Thing is I am trying to file an order of protection on behalf of my mom against my sister who’s schizophrenic.
would help us with shelter in place
I’m looking for assistance filing an order of protection
I want to protect my daughter but I also want to protect myself from violations as well
I was punched in operated face and District Attorney issued a 2 year full Order Protection
They say they can not help because there is a order of protection in date.
She is not in immediate danger aside from the pandemic and traveling. I can't file something like that.
Person #2, puts in order of protection on Person #1 and Person #1 has to move out
Im trying to get a order of protection in place
Okay. I guess a better question is where can I find the laws and/or procedures for filing an order of protection.
Hi there! How do I get an order of protection that I initiated dismissed?
how do I go about filling an order protection and where do I send it too?
you said try and get an order of protection
I have a order of protection that I received yesterday and is supervised
She has also been served a 50B order of protection for the boys and myself for communicating death threats to me over the phone
Thank you for this. What can an order of protection so and how long would it take to process?
Can I fill out an order " change of circumstances" and also fill out a temporary order of protection in the same day ?
not appering for order of protection the person being served
My question is i have a active order of protection in place and i would like to know how to get it modified or vacated
How do I go about seeing my son when there is a order of protection?
However, no proof, again...like I said.  I think you need evidence to serve an order of protection (please correct me if I am wrong).
What about the Consumer Protection Bureau    Do you think they would be able to help
recent events resulted in my now having an order or protection against the mothers apartment, where my son will be
Who do I call and what to do to get the order of protection dropped
Hi i need to file a protection order
Yes but will the perpetrator be charged of this offense or will an order of protection be only in place?
I just want an order of protection form. Which form can I download. ?.
how can i file order of protection for someone who lives in the house with me
I left with a temporary order of protection and the courts has those as the addresses
thanks for the references. Is this a consumer protection issue aswell?
I need to file an order of protection against an adult child.
How does someone get an order of Protection removed against them
OK is it possible to have a order protection withdrawn ?
violation of an order of protection in family court
I dont nothing as of yet i have order of protection
I already have an order of protection but the person keeps breaking it everyday
Take care of yourself. Stay safe and many blessings for you and your family :)
I would like information on how to stop an order of protection it is no longer needed
how does one go about in , obtaining an Family order of protection ?
yes, my ex girlfriend filed a protection order against me and my court date is April 1
i was told my one officer that I can’t get an order of protection until he is arrested.
I appreciate your help Lillian and hope you and your family are safe and helthy
i would like to file an order of protection against someone, does that mean that the person must stay away from my child?
I was under the impression that my job was to be protected under new regulations due to covid
I'm looking to get a refrain from order of protection so this doesnt happen again
i would like to know how can I file an order of protection against a family member?
How can get the jude on my side so i can go home after my wife drops the order of protection
Hello, I would like help to modify an order of protection.
Can you please help me find the right direction to file an order of protection
They are separated and she has put an order of protection against him so that he does not see the kid
I want some information on window guards for apartment
This petition also was with an order of protection paper
I'd like to know what actions/charges are grounds to file an order of protection.
Police have been at home five times you didn’t order of protection inNew Rochelle  New York
Can I give guardians my children to my aunt without going to court?
I filed a temporary order of protection, and want to get it modified, to a refrain from order.
Now that theres an order of protection in plce is he alowed to still come with me
and he hasn’t seen the baby since the past 4 months because of my order of protection towards him
No never had custody issues just order of protections a few years ago
She has the order of protection  the baby mother filed 9/14/20
despite anger tone and multiple emails I didn’t threaten anyone however need legal help
we are horrified about how terrible the system is to protect children.
How do I file an immediate order of protection online
I know I am a legal parent in NY, but I know I need something just to protect us
I have a case in court currently, I'm seeking an order of protection against my daughter's father and custody
I believe she will need housing before the weekend is up,  danger may be questionable depending on his family starting more drama
me and my girlfriend split up and she severed me papers for custody and put a temporary order of protection on me
There is also another case regarding him threaten my mom with hammer
Hi there! How do I add my girlfriend to my order of protection?
i also need 2move and change location this apt is not safe for and my family
i need a form to file for a order of protection through family court
I would like to get a order of protection
I want to know where I must address right now to obtain a temporary order of protection and to obtain a paper regarding FISA warrant.
Actually i have legal shield through work, so i can call them.  Thank you!
I need to find help with employment law and consumer protection, separately
If someone breaks a order protection and I want to drop the order protection what can I do
I need free legal assistance or advice with filling out an order of protection
No that’s all thank you again n stay safe you n your family
Where can i get a lawyer to protect my right whom i can turn to when its being violted
she have a older of protection against me the older of protection end December 28 2021
I would like to know the process of getting an order of protection now that I cannot walk in to the court
it was regarding the abuse case and the order of protection
We know it was done illegally cause our account falls under protection under the EIPA LAW
Do I have a case to get the protection and to get him out of the house
No...the court referee would just extend the temporary orders of protection and they would expire.
so how does the respondant know there is a final order of protection
I would not need an order of protection if the kids are taken out of the unsafe situation. Possibly in the future though.
No the case is already done with. The order of protection is good for 1 yr.
How does someone get any order of Protection against them removed
I already have the order of protection. I'd like her to be added
What steps can I take to protect myself in case of a civil suit?
ok thanks Amy also my ex has deliberately obtained a order of protection to further alienate me from my child what can i do?
I need help getting an order of protection and a modification of order of visitation
I want to drop my. order of protection on my husband i need him home
I’m looking for an attorney for a protection order case
I would like to modify a temporary order of protection for a family court case
also I have an order of protection for the mother to stay away from the child
My employer wants the office fully staffed with no remote work and I'm concerned that these decisions are not safe
Oh yeah I know that she just wants to safe guard her and the kids
How does someone go about getting a order of protection dismissed
but she’s always threatening me she never lets me see my daughter
do i need to go to the family court to file an order of protection?
Trying to find out who could I contact about obtaining an order of protection against someone in my neighborhood
and can you help me in finding the process and if I can do it online for an order of protection criminal court and family
Legally how do I proceed to protect myself, assets and children?
as well as info on the protected populations during the covid pandemic
Judge Young ordering visitation even with the criminal orders of protection, I have a lawyer but she not able to change orders of protection!
I  Was complain about my mother’s cousin I have order protection Judge sent me letter June 17 th
i was wondering if there was a to file or get forms for a order of protection online
And telling them I am trying to put him in jail for 6 months, is any of that covered under the protection order
I just obtain one today it’s a refrain from order protection
I would like to know how to I obtain a temporary order protection since the courts are closed.
How would like to know how can I go about getting a order  protection
I don't know.  Bottom line:   I would like an order of protection.
what happens if the person being serve doesnt appear infront of a judge for the papers being served the order of protection
Do you have the document for requesting a copy of an order of protection
I dont believe he has been arrested so no criminal order of protection given yet
yes very and now I have his family Threatening threatening messages to me and my partner
I did a order of protection case against my sister in law
Ok is it particularly relevant where I file the order of protection?
I already have several police reports, and there are orders of protection in place. I believe the crime victims compensation caps at $500
Yes we have been to the family court but just for an order of protection
they told me that they can't give me legal referrals for a temporary order of protection
thank you so much for your help..god bless you and your family..stay safe
on the order of protection do i just put the baby or the baby and me even tho i have one already
both parents are fearful of their safety. they also have minors at the household
it was an order of protection issued by family court
I’m just wondering what the process for dropping an order of protection against someone is?
My child mother had a order of protection against me but still came to my house
would you recommend to get an order of protection?
no, i feel if i give an order of protection, that person will stay away
I need information on how to go about extending an order of protection
Need to file an online order of protection against my sister
in order to get a Temp order of protection dropped do i have to go to the court
So do they issues another document for the final order of protection
still wondering if there's job protection once the FLMA is used up
can I fill an orden of protection while im in spain?
He is not allow to go to that home I have a order of protection
I just want to know what to include in my email so as to protect myself.
I live in queens.i need a free lawyer to help me file a protection order against my wife for my daughter in Supreme Court.
There is a two year order protection involved for the both of us. (My daughter and I).
So because the person doesnt show they can issues a final order of protection
Safe horizon was the place that helped him get the order of protection
I was told that after his arrest I will get a criminal order of protection
I have 50/50 custody and a temporary protection order on their dad
im looking to locate the form for an order of protection on behalf of a minor.
How can i file a order of protection in family court
temporary order of protection, which is family law
He knows where I work live all that and I am scared but what can an order of protection do?
I received a call today from the court and the granted me the order of protection
How doi  file an order of protection for that online.??.
which form number i need to write for receive an order protection
I was told that a criminal order of protection is given after that. Would I need to be in NY for that
I have a friend that can’t see his son due to an order of protection put in place without his knowledge
MUCH FEAR  ALL OF US THANK U
Yes, The person who asked for the order of protection.
I have an order of protection from the criminal court. And I have a court date on 6/18/2020.
Considerably safe I’m at my house with my family
which form,, where can i write petition for receive an order protection.
So she would have to file for a protective order for her and the kids
what i need to do for order protection? i need write form 8-2 , but where can i send this form?
Hope you n ur family staying safe n healthy
I know I'm being vague to protect their policy, but trying to be prepared, hence getting resources for them.
i need to file a stay away order or oder of protection
i need to request copies of custody order and order of protection
I got served a order of protection and have some questions
