I have a file and docket number of a court order not being obeyed
Does father the the right without a court order to prevent the mother from taking the kids to an out of state vacation?
articxle 78 intent to show cause for an appeal from a decision from a judge from a contestinmt parole hearing
Landlord stole my property and had me falsely arrested.
Hello I'm seeking assistance for a harassment case against my landlord
I'm looking for a lawyer who can help with defamation of character and discrimination
Hi I need to find a probono lawyer who can help me with a civil harassment/stalking/doxxing charge
I am more concern of his safety the father of my child is a convicted felon and is affiliated in a gang
Can you help us find a lawyer to not only sue them but to bring criminal charges against them
I asked they say I have to file order to show cause but how do I find out if there is a warrant in fact.
Although the action is ongoing with financial matters ONLY (trial was had, Judge's decision was rendered, now being disputed etc.)
I need a few Forms to present to a Judge, Disorderly Conduct charge
Does a cop have to read you your rights if they arrest yoy
I have books of evidences that my lawyer has failed me to show to the judge
No I need to start a case against  my daughter father
I am the custodial parent with an open case here in NY. The custodial parent is in Vermont.  He has a warrant for his arrest.
I went to a lawyer by our house but he is charging me $15,000 for the asylum case
Ok one more question is a bench warrant the same as an arrest warrant
Fruad was committed on George L Lowman estate and would like to sue the people involved
last questions...what recourse do i have if a lawyer lied on a rebuttal
Is there any number I can call to find were they take people who get arrested
911 police officer do not wanna help they say fam,ily court matter
My ex girlfriend made false accusations to the police getting me arrested for 18 hours leading to truama
I need a lawyer to consult on how to sue a caseworker for negligence, harassment, discrimination.
I would like to bring a lawsuit on the town, the court and the code enforcement officer
Hi, I am sara, owner of milanblocks, recently i am sued by my website is not ADA complaint.
What document proof will non-custodial parent need to file emancipation
I found that but not a way to search by name of defendant
I am in need of a lawyer to sue our school district
SINCE THE I WAS ARREST BECAUSE SHE  FILED A POLICE REPORT THE I WAS TAKE HER PROPERTY
How can I get document to file Civil Law Suit;against defendant for failure
Im trying to find out how i would go about seeing if someone has an arrest warrant for child support in the bronx
i already tried filing with the department of labor for a discrimination case.  they told me it was a civil suit, not employer related
Would  it. Help to file  a complaint with the  attorney General
ok thatnks; I'm looking now and it appears to be a Satisfaction of Judgment warrant
He was charged and dismissed. The issue is the slandering and harassment at the work place where they both work with him being subordinate.
Her husband is paranoid and delusional and accusing her of all kinds of things. The custody is contested.
im looking for a criminal defense attorney
Actually is there away to file a claim against harassment of a cps worker
Oh and finally, how is it correct that I contact the DA's office to file penalty of perjury charges on individual/a who lied under oath?
I want to. Push. This. Issue. And file charges.    Until. A satisfactory.  Results. Becomes.  Of this
I'm fairly certain that the judge would not see it as grounds for dismissal.
The kids have said he went to Court today and now a warrant is out against her.
the goal is that this surrogate court judge might drop the claim of the estate and not put a lien on the property
which is court don't know the story but still they decieded on behalf her
surrogate court. I am contesting my fathers will after i found out my sister murdered my father in order to manipulate the will.
civil matter, someone is suing me. There is an open case against him because he assaulted me but i need information on the civil matter
i am very afraid to go to the probate or surrogate court judge without  a legal aid
i must call the Police to know if there is a FISA warrant, or to the Department of Justice?
The advocate was attending school meetings with me but yet cps is still perusing these charges against me
yes , I know and I already got a appeal form but I don’t want to appeal it is not my fault
Yes but the person that served the documents (sheriff) said there is a warrant for not showing up to court
I may need an attorney to help me with the appeal
I have legal guardianship of my niece, her older sister violated the court order to return her to my home
Hey I just wanted to know can the court give me a copy of the police report filed against me
ok I will do everything it takes to win we have been frauded by a dishonest landlord atty who refused us receipts in the Holdover
Can petitioner in a legal guardianship case who violates the court order be arrested?
Or worst case can she put a warrant even when I was in the hearing.
Hi, I would like to sue my landlord and nuisance neighbor. I was told I could get an injunction at the Supreme Court.
Hello Deanna I was Chatting with you before about my court case and my wife having me arrested after an argument
Thanks, I am looking for free legal services dealing with employment and discrimination/retaliation law
Every rights of mine was violated from no search warrant to Miranda rights
I can't print any papers is there a website to email my complaint
Okay, can one of your attorneys help me with a defamation case?
the hearing is for an order of protection where my ex partner is falsely accusing me
Divorced may 2019 ex-wife won't give me any property I was awarded violation of judges order what can I do
i also contacted the building codes inspector in my county on Monday and he said he has not been to my property to condemn it
I need some help on what should I do . Getting sued for negelence on motor vechiel when I was the car owner not the driver
I need someone to help with Surrogate court to legalized an estate
that was absolutly manipulation of the jury it was such a big lie it was the clsoing statement to the indictment
Hi I need to print forms for Matrimonial Order to show Cause Contempt Affidavid
i want to know where to complain about a supreme court judge
depriving me of an Attorney at Law is bullying and intimidation that i should not be dealing with any where.
& the NYPD for harassment and discrimination who came to the school on fraudulent criminal complaints with no criminal activity or reports made.
I am a US Navy veteran currently overseas and I need a probono lawyer for a discrimination case
I'm in jail how can I get legal representation to over turn this charge since the jury dismissed my case
Thanks God. Before he turns 18 she can accuse me of bringing him to NJ without her permission.
I need to file a descrimanition law suit
Also, her mother is threatening to call the police because I am in violation of the visitation. But her daughter is clearly distressed
and I wanna say it was a criminal court case
I need to find a low cost attorney to defend my elderly mother against a tort case by landlord attempting to circumvent moratorium
I need a layer for an current case against my landlord. It’s a discrimination case
Hello its not offically a case yet but I have a subrogation claim against my over my old bosses negligence
thank you. I saw that. Because they lied on the affidavit and lawsuit,
What do I do about my bench warrant? I’m not able to appear before a judge myself
I know they provide pro bono civil litigation in federal court, but he seemed particularly interested in "civil rights litigation" related to an unlawful arrest
I already filed my petition and we saw a mediator and then the referee, we could not agree so it needs to go to trial.
Hi how can I talk to someone about a situation on if the police can legally hold a vehicle until they get a search warrant
Hi, Thanks for helping. I wanted to find out if I qualify for a public defender. I got a desk appearance ticket last week
I need Pro Bono post conviction help
Pretty sad when Secretary says for me to call inmate as well. Like has a private line. Forgive me i am disgusted
Need help in a small claims court judgement
They act like if I go to a lawyer they’ll punish me
So I just have to wait several more days. and the mother could not accuse me of taking my son without her permission ?
Albany was for a drug related charge and Rensselaer was for an abuse case against his ex
The appeal Council  office of disability  adjudication and review
Good afternoon, my name is Melvin Bradford and I need help with a lawsuit
Someone had this law suit vs the company
OK any pro Bono attorneys for file suit against a university for not providing or failing to do so under the ada
I can’t find the documents that had my lawyers name or arresting officers name
I am on SSI disability I am looking for a free lawyer because I am beard sued for non-payment of a credit card ....
I was terminated 6 days after filing my complaint
Now I am afraid the probate court judge will throw me in the country jail for contempt of court
I am trying to find the correct paperwork to file with the courts to have a hearing about a modification of sex offender risk level.
and recently i filed a complaint against the director now she is serving me violation and admin transfer and and acs
I have a check that was turned in to d a went to court. Now its on my criminal background
I am looking for a lawyer to help with a wrongful death/medical malpractice lawsuit.  I'm not sure where to start.
well it was the home state for the order. But the judge (real Judge not magistrate) found the error and dismissed it in 2015
In sorry. I need to answer a motion to show cause for contempt of court. Divorce court
As well as libel and slander causes of action
i am landlord in an eviction and it has taken 6 months to get warrant. (yesterday).
because despite me being right, they can and will try to press criminal charges
my ex is in full violation of court ordered divorce decree
hello, I have not been able to reach my daughters mother who is in violation of the court order
I have attended court and the judge states that I need to file a writ of habeas corpus
I have custody, I filed a violation and family offense but just discovered i no longer have an attorney
Ok so do u kno if I were to file the complaint would the judge b removed, as it would b conflict of interest...
The Plaintiff claims I damaged their property (house) and suing me
i believe i have been to both you can file probate but nothing to respond
When I called the supreme court they said i had to send back a opposition paperwork
Please tell me where to send an affadavit of opposition for contempt of court motion
Which in turn brought up red flags at dol and they questioned the payments which then went against her with a overpayment with penalties  decision
I'm having issues with a school regarding the school harassing my son during to me filing a complaint against the school.
I'm trying to find someone I can speak to in regards to a youthful offender sealed record.
I WILL TRY BUT I FEEL THERE SHOULD BE A PLACE TO FILE CRIMINAL CHARGES BECAUSE THE POLICE ARE NOT GIVING ME A REPORT
?? Well it scenes it has escalated to management now I had filed a police report on the neighbor
im looking for an attorney to help me with a rape case and sexual abuse from a family member
I was looking for information on slander and defamation on your website but I’ve been unable to find anything
I need help filling out a modification of custody order as well as in order to show cause and petition for violation of custody order
if i plead not guilty will the judge appoint one for me
ok can he do it online being that hes on house arrest of he has to go to the court
I called the police on him and the police came attacked me gave me a hernia
I tried to have the case reviewed but the support magistrate refused to review it
Every detail he is a convicted felon in New Jersey
I have saved documenration iver the past 3 years which I believe proves a pattern of harassment under false pretenses
Yes ..i was arrested for being at my wife house with an open case
I am trying to find where I can see if there is a bench warrant for an individual
just how to protect against for example an opposing party's attorney engaging in fraud or harassment or misconduct right now
That is fine. We believe that our Father was the victim of negligent homicide. Are there attorneys available for criminal prosecution?
I called the police dept that issued the summons and they said, "dont drive , it's an automatic arrest if you get pulled over".
I was under the impression PRP dealt more with prison conditions than police brutality / unlawful arrests
I need to find an free attorney in my area for a bad safety issues from my landlord and harassment from him
I would like to know more about that case and why it was unfounded
i giot framed  by the cops they accused me with bribery possesssion and mpore
Im looking for an attorney that can help with a civil lawsuit against NYC for police misconduct
I was divorced in Dec 2018 and I returned to court to modification of supervised custody of my daughter in Sept 2019
I'd like assistance in finding an attorney for a lawsuit that has been filed against me
I recieved a document  that aformer business I  was with is being sued by an insurance company.the business has not existed  for over 10 years
Good Afternoon,  I'm  a real estate broker and  I would like to  file a complaint  against the seller  for breach of  contract and discrimination
someone falsely accused me of assault and I was cleared of the allegations and the case was dismissed
Could I get an injunction through small claims court
THE CCRB CIVILIAN COMPLAINT REVIEW BOARD IS HIDING THE ANSWERS FROM ME ON MY COMPLAINT AGAINST POLICE
I’d like to know if I can use any other form of power of attorney other than the statutory short form in nyc
i am trying to find representation for a appellate term appeal of a wrongful judgement in housing court
the account is in a debt resolution program and o don’t know if I should admit to allegations or what?
They told and gave the prisoner and the people who called for the prisoner to complain a number outside of the United States
Whatever is fine - I just need to find out if there is a warrant so I can do the right thing
If I do, my families life and well being is in the hands of a judge
posted bail and then never appeared.  was just incarcerated on the violation after the warrant was finally executed two years later
Ok...if I were to file a complaint against this judge would this judge b kick off my case
He's harassed them, filed false claims with CPS and EPA against his family in retaliation
I need help getting a lawyer .. I think I'm getting charged with a crime ..
My girlfriend is being sued for debt collection and we have a few questions.
the girl went to the precinct and filed a complaint against me and a friend
I am trying figure out why child support not being release and though the appeal court had more power over family court !
I’m looking for an attorney that can help me with a wrongful accusation to CPS report. What are my options
I'm in need of a criminal defense attorney
I spoke to Nassau Suffolk they advised that I file a complaint with the Bar Association
i need an attorney to do a law suit for stalking harassment and violating my civil rights
I would like help in getting a court order against an infringement offender.
Hi. Apparently I missed a court date (I don’t know for what) and a warrant was issued for my arrest
Yes, it happened in nJ city and I wanted to prosecute the perpetrators of the beating of my father.
they have wrongful accusations and I’ve been arrested numerous times wrongful arrest made
Appellate Court   Court of Claims   Supreme Court
and the notice had to be served certain way seems like im comfused or either the city Marshall and/or Judge have misleading information
Is it fair to say that ignoring a decision-making provision is reasonable grounds to consider a complaint?
I have dui thatcaused a 25 year look back I have tickets that i was convicted of without leagal rep
Can a person go without any representation, like an attorney, to vacate a bench warrant for failure to appear?
Got fired because of my conviction that happen 7 years ago which is for weed.
I want to know how to print a form,  Custody/Visitation Modification Petition
Is there a probono attorney around Wayne county who could help me with a slander/defamtiaon/ cease and dessist order?
