Child support arrears Livingston county court on 11 th
Oh the deceased lives in Suffolk County NY
do you the phone number or child support in monroe county in new york
The legal aid society in Rochester. What counties do they serve?
Ok thank you. I have court appearance Nov 4th @10a.m in Monroe County child support court.
Orange County and yes possibly this has been horrible in every way
I think I have it already civil court, kings county small claims.
my grandkids are in onieda county im in nc
Yes, central Islip, Suffolk county
Monroe county. I have some legal questions about  the law
but dont think that new york state social services and that medicaid claim will be able to be put on a chapter 7
Will be in Herkimer county I need to go or it is the same for any county
Yes in Ulster county. We need help with a discrimination issue.
I Was Wondering, Is It Possible For A New York State Employee To Sue An Employer?
yea the supreme court of new york county of kings
New york city or brooklyn or queens
I see these links are for Nassau and western NY, does it matter I'm in Broome county?
That states they only serve people residing in New York City and the 5 boroughs, which Nassau County is not a part of..
of those organizations that you gave me earlier, do you happen to have one in Ontario County?
I have no idea what this is about I live in Suffolk county. There was no information
are suffolk county courts open to file violation of court order in custody?
Monroe county senior place don’t seem to help much I have tried them before
I'm not 100% sure but all I know is its there or queens Elmhurst
Is there any free legal help within the dept of social services in elizabethtown ny
Im looking to transfer from Monroe county to Broome
Do u want the town of albany ny schenectady
are Suffolk county courts open to file a violation of court order in custody case ?
Could you find me a phone number for Suffolk County Landlord Tenant Court
Ok are these numbers ok to call if outside of nyc? I’m in western ny
Because i reseide there? Oh, but if i bring it in ny state it might happen only in ny?
Family court is Rochester ny. Monroe County
Thanks! Are there any legal service providers near Albany that I can call?
Oh thats wrong. I live in Seneca County
his father is going to be living in Albany county though.
residence  in Manhattan case is in Kings County
section 8 in Nassau County , Hempstead N.Y with Hempstead Housing Authority
hello my name is Carol,  suffolk county NY
Brooklyn King County New York
I just want to know, do I address New York state court?
I know the law in ny is that before we hv any court hearings the girls hv to be in ny for 6 mths right?
is it ok that some papers say cortland county, some say tompkins county, and the affidavit says dutchess county?
I am living in Long Island City in Queens County, NY
Do they cover Saratoga County as well, despite being in Albany?
But I can go to county building tomorrow and petition a change to court documents.
up in Onondaga County Court when she lived in SYracuse, NY
it is a county government agency.  so that doesn't help.
Sixth district of patchogue (Suffolk county district court)
not Steubenville it’s just steuben county ny
Yes the case was opened in NYC. Kings county to be exact
for the state of new york county of kings
Hello.. I am looking for information on how & where to file a notice of claim against the Schenectady school district.
I need free legal representation in Westchester county.
am I able to still file in new York state?
Correction: Bazelon Ctr in Washington D.C. for advice. Nothing in NY sites show-up for Warren County where he was arrested.
Hi Amy...I'm a gig worker in Dutchess County who was terminated last week because of a delivery issue I have no idea about.
albany county but i need a paid lawyer that will go to bat for me
Okay, thank you. Is there any other legal service providers near Albany that I can contact besides LIFT?
Yes I live in geneva but was told my home is on the seneca county side
I,m in   Schenectady  county   upstate ny
It is for New York County Supreme Court
monroe county. im not sure how to view it. i have the csms number
I go to queens County court for my situation. But they live in Massachusetts
I live in Troy County but will be filing within Albany County because that is where the Respondent lives.
Thank you. I am in Holbrook, NY. Suffolk County.
although the court order was done in kings county
Yes I think family court Suffolk county Long Island NY
Suffolk county long island new york
Also, in New York can you record someone without their knowledge or consent and try to use it against them in court?
How can I find out if my name is on the state registry list
Case is being heard in Monroe County as this is where the landlord resides.
I don't know I have a state representative payee
I am trying to find a live voice to ask wether or not my file anything with the kings county courts divorce papers?
My mother lives in westcher county does that matter?
I live in and will be attending court in Steuben County, is there anything closer?
Thank you. I live in Albany, are there any other legal service providers near me besides LIFT?
Montgomery County is currently the court we go to
That’s ok .. thank you for your time .. I don’t think this is a legal issue.  Anyhow we are at Queens county
Yes. I am looking for a court appointed lawer to represent me in my chldsupport  case. Essex county ny
should we start the legal process with an agency here....or in Jefferson county?
Unless he's going to tell me I can sue Nassau county for all the probs that have entailed after their screwup
or that medicaid is a federally mandated program that has practically bankrupt two-thirds of the state of union and was never funded at all
i need a court appointed  attorney in buffalo ny. I keep searching but not finding a phone number. i need for next week
UTMA account and it is identified in the stipulation of support filed with Westchester county
Okay no problem but in NY state is a notice required before a lay off ?
Dept of Vital records said only New York State court can write the order
I am in Richmond county (Staten Island) NYC
That info doesn't help me the case is in suffolk county
Is this legal under current NY State law?
Yes Sullivan county property is in hankins  NewYork we end we inherited from our parents
Thanks, I will try the Onondaga County one. But I am not uninsured. I have Medicaid.
I’m in Richmond County New York
looking for legal assistance for special education needs for elementary student Yates County
Yes I live in Suffolk County,New York.
do you have a phone number for probono in kings county brooklyn
So if I am in Erie County and have a housing eviction problem, what do you tell me?
where can i find the paperwork to START A NONPAYMENT case in Orange county NY
I am frustrated because in Greene County I cannot apply for a public defender I only make $13000 a year I'm on disability
31497/2017E - Bronx County Supreme Court
New York State Bar Association - Free Legal Answers does not provide legal representation in court.
Orange County court. Order of protection
Thank you. Also tickets in Suffolk county. Also non moving
so would you give me any info about free lawyer in suffolk county
duthcess county family court said they are listed on your website to be either efiled or printed.
I need free legal services for a Yates county family court case
county of kings state of new york
this court county thing is really confusing and don't
My attorney in erie county said file 3030 failure to prosecute
It's monroe county, im town of monroe which it's in orange county
I have they referred me to Nassau County and Suffolk County law firm which wouldn’t help me
Thank you. And that's for ulster County? We're 845 area close that's why i all
Hi Celine I'm in Suffolk County I need help with my asylum
I am in need of a Cortland County lawyer for a child custody court date.
Erie county. It's being held at the city of buffalo court.
Ok thank you so I to file in Suffolk county?
That says legal services of the Hudson valley
Yes maam, it is Stephens County Georgia
Thank you. is the New York State Defenders Association pro bono
City hall ,Albany  ,Eagle street
correct, New York County, Manhattan
I'm not sure which county it is but I can look quick!
Also the first website is there one for dutchess County
civil court of the city of new york
I live in Suffolk county, I'm moving to Nassau county in August
Legal services of the Hudson Valley doesn't handle my sort of case.
Hi, I was directed to this site after calling the NY law bar association...
Im sued in monroe which is far by an hour
I have a file number in Columbia county Family Court.
This is disgraceful there must be someone in charge in Suffolk County
Kings county court family court
New York state. Washington county
thank you I will and do they have any in Westchester county that is where sh works
Legal asst. Of western ny couldn't help in Ontario county
Can you refer me to someone around Suffolk county
and is there a law that NY does not accept out of state laws?
I'm not sure if I hit the right link I'm in Westchester County but the case is in Suffolk County
Civil court of the city of New York
Thank you, do you know if its possible in Kings county?
Suffolk county, Long Island non-custodial parent seeks info re the
Even richmond County courts ordered her to pay child support. I'm still paying her
Free legal organizations and the Nassau/Suffolk legal services committee off main st? I think
it’s for an order of protection/change of location for meet up & drop offs, kings county
I'm located in Queens County (NYC).
what's the process of requesting one from queens county court --- the process is confusing :(
I appreciate your help. And yes I am in Chautauqua County
it was issued in New Jersey, Hudson County
I live in Syracuse ny Onondaga county
I went to the Queens county court house today and i found out that it temporally closed
Ok.thanks alot.iys about 2 or more hours away from me.im in Chautauqua county.
Im located in Brooklyn Kings County
ok cay have a lawyer free advice number sullfolk county ny
The child is in Rensselaer county I’m in Schenectady county
who can I call in New York to help me I’m in Suffolk county
I reside in Genesee county but this all happened in Erie county 14127
sorry, I read country, I’m in Richmond county
1st dept New York county
It doesn't matter if the adress of deceased was not in Brooklyn but long island
Miami-dade, in Florida, but issue centers in Onondaga county
Besides the dept of consumer affairs trying to get more information for homeowners rights when a general contractor abandons work
Yes are there legal aid soceitys outside of Sullivan County that can help me with my problem
Yes Niagara County court of law
Then the petition itself.  Bothe were notarized and is in the Westchester County Surrogate System.
Thank you.  I see kings county supreme but we used family court
i currently live in Kings county Brooklyn ny
Yes. We are in a bronx zip code but was called for jury duty in manhattan
Yes family court in monroe county
The child born at camden county and I moved to Hudson county and the mother started staying a month  ago in Livingston county
Ok Thank You im in Erie county
Kings county court in Brooklyn new york
yes. Erie county, buffalo, ny
Thank you so much for assisting us, do they also serve us here on Long Island?
My son was refused help from county hospital in which he goes to for over 10 years
Not sure but think it may have been monroe county family court
Im sorry, are there any other legal services near Albany that I can contact?
I’m looking for legal aid for a court case December 3rd in Putnam county
I was convicted in Kings County Supreme Court  use to be 360 Adams Street. Brooklyn, Ny 11201
US district court southern district of NY so where they go
So the first $100 would go directly to the caregiver and the rest would go to the County?
I have a pending case in the eastern fed ct. ny
The order was made in Kings county, New York
Contempt Case in Orange County NY
Yes and I’m in the Albany ny Troy area
That number is from the city so not sure they can help me in westchester county?
Putnam county court is very hurtful towards moms who work
She signed, and I asked her to wait for the ending of covid-19, NY countywide reopening
I see . Perhaps do you have the phone number for the Albany Department of labor?
Suffolk county New York state.
i have been in contact with Safe Horizon, the Richmond County Bar Association and several online resources
Cayuga county. . Has not yet filed a court date
I WROTE COMPLAIN TO NY MAYOR AND GOVERNOR NO ONE ANSWERED
I am in need of a pro bono attorney in surrogate court in Richmond county.  My income falls below the poverty  line.
Citi card may be based out of NY county
Yes when we get permission to transfer to Washington State
I live in Nassau county, NY, the case was filed in Suffolk where I used to live.
im a landlord in sullivan county. id like my maintenance workers to be informed. do the rules in the HPD checklist apply in sullivan county?
New York Brooklyn Kings County
She moved from Ulster County to the state of Texas and now she resides in Orange County
(1) The respondents will be both Rensselar County Commissioner of Social Services and Cherlya Tonge corret, or just Social Services?
They either are to far away or dont help in Ontario county
Do you provde legal representation for a disabled staten lsland resident?
is there one for orange county. i tried that just now but it said it was just for NY City
Is it possible to find free help in Suffolk County NY?
There was only one in my area so they referred me to the Albany county bar association and I cannot get through to them
kings county i want to change the amount am paying right  its way to much now
Adoption papers say Kings County.  I was in Brooklyn until 1979
ok well no one in nyc will want to come to albany for sure. I will try them ty
I need a functioning phone number for the Richmond county legal aide society.
I thought I was speaking with someone from the the westchester county court in white plains. The chat button was on their website
I love in North Bellmore, NY  Nassau County
(Nope, no specific attorneys. You would use the find a lawyer link and search legal service providers near Albany)
An cps in wayne county ny does not care
Is this New York City because I live In Suffolk county Long Island
I found a list for New York and Kings Counties but can't locate the justices in the others
I have been trying to send some information to the court in Ny Kings County
It would be Erie county courts, buffalo
is manhattan called new york county?
ok even though my business is in orange county i should seek assistance through rockland county?
The events took place in Orange County.  I live in Manhattan now.
New York City Housing Authority
I live in Suffolk county long island
hello; i am looking for some  help. I am a senior citizen in chenango county
D.s.s and broome county family court says this in my paperwork stipulations.
is this ny state official court site?
Awesome, thank you! Is there any legal service provides near Albany that I can contact?
Suffolk county...the issue is I live in MD
Filed for divorse got index number already realized served defendant d iwhich form to use as  to reserve with non party to action
Great thank you. I’m located in Suffolk county
Westchester County NY in New Rochelle
I have filed a complaint with the Nys judicial committee, I'm also contacting the New York State bar Association
Hi! I've emailed my petition of violation of child support yesterday to kings county family court
I am a teacher in Westchester county with cdc   listed underlying conditions as it relates to coivid 19
I’m in Pearl River in Rockland county NY
I am trying to find a form for a Suffolk county holdover proceeding. I think the form number is T-1410 and T-1411.
I called the Albany lawyer referral and they only handle upstate
OK I live in ulster county New York
So your suggesting I call the Delaware county surrogate court where she died to see if I can apply for a court order?
The Father is in Duchess County. I am in Richmond county.
I live in Kings but all of our proceedings were in Richmond County
sorry, according to their website the referral you gave me, hudson valley legal services, only serves the folloign counties Dutchess County
No the child is in orange county and the person filed in another county
Is this (212) 343-1122 for NY State or the City?
Hi I need the address to where I can mail my petition for visitation in Suffolk county.
This is not New York City it is WestChester County that my case is in
I am interested in legal rights with regards to returning to work in Westchester County.
Ok ?4 u if I went thru the albany county family court will they help me with this
FYI, I reside in kings county and support order is in suffolk county
Ok great! I will also need address for Nassau County New York office
Staying in Otego NY born in Chenango County this past Sunday.
no, just  one page from Kings County Civil Court
Rochester New York Monroe County
New York County, based on my place of residence (defendant), which is in Manhattan.
my UI benefits were linked to a suffolk county address but im currently living in NYC
Is NYLAG operating in suffolk county or do you think they will have pro bono lawyers available for such matters ? Thank you for your help...
It is a holdover eviction, I found the form for Nassau county but I have not been able to find the suffolk county form
they didn't have any people in their register who do that in monroe county
The issue involves discrimination/harassment based on race.  The institution is in new York, NY.
yes, I live in Nassau county. The accident happened in Westescher county
That's a Manhattan number.  I live in Ulster park ny near Kingston in Ulster county.
chautauqua county family court in Mayville, NY
Does this law firm serve Westchester county? I see that they don’t include my location in their services
The order is from Putnam County,  NY and I live in Rockland County
i'm not sure the top of the letter has supreme court of the state of new york county of orange
I went to queens County Court but was turned away. Maybe cause the pandemic
Would there be any lawyers that do like a Probono or a free evaluation or something here in Monroe County
Im looking for the printable application to file 50/50 custody for Suffolk county family court. Can u assist
I already left a voicemail at the Kings County Civl court
where can I get that info? erie county ny
Legal Aid society of Nassau County only helps criminal defendants.   We are civil plaintiffs.
For the elderly parent..We live in Albany county
Can I still use the form for Richmond county family court?
Nyack is a town in New York state
I am in Warwick New York Orange county , USA
The court is St. Lawrence County Court in Canton NY and is held in Supreme court
Thank you . I am looking for the laws pertaining to Erie County New York, Western new York.
I'm lives in Kings county (Brooklyn) but the incident happen in Queens at my job.
unfortunately its only for states, were looking more on a county of the state were in rens county they are in saratoga county
thank you but i need everything for Fulton county
Supreme court of the state of NY, County of Westchester
yes its in new york queens area
no I spoke with a rude representative last week . The office in Hempstead NY
Saint Lawrence county new york
no, mental case from the Hamilton county job n family services,because Im epilepsy,mental or case
Buffalo, New York (Erie County)
no I am in NYS...So I would go to saratoga county court to do this?
the queens county surrogate court suggested your offices might be able to help
Would this lead to forms for the state of Delaware
The Nassau County Police Department asked me for documentation that my case was dismissed
Im from fulton County but the charge was brought in Montgomery County
I need to know if that’s even possible in New York State
I'm the one who was raped by my cousin...it happened in Kings county
Its in the queens County court from last year
Are there any legal service providers near Albany that I can contact?
I reside in Erie county, PA. I did work in chautauqua county
Hi I need pro bono lawyers in Suffolk County Department of labor if somebody can help me send me a list of telephone numbers
This matter is in Onondaga County, the child goes to Liverpool School District which is width in Onondaga County
I need help file for a failure to prosecute on my case in monroe county  yes
If I get ATTY-any idea approx charge to file will at Queens Surrogate Court?
Yes, somebody has not returned something that belongs to us. We live in Albany county.
I would like to know how to send a copy of my pay stub to Erie County assigned council program?
can not find forms specifically for NY state
Case would be in syracuse ny onadago county
Unfortunately, I do not know. I believe it to be Kings county but may also be Manhattan county
Bronx county but the violations also took place in Manhattan and Brooklyn and also staten island
Home is located in kings county Brooklyn
ok. I also see there’s a volunteer lawyer at kings county family court
Trying to get my disabled son trafferedfrom Suffolk County group home in Ny my to SanDiego Calif where I am his legal guardian  his mother
and that's for wayne county ny residents
I live in New York , Nassau County
wow I just realized I was in Fresno 17 years ago. I am in St Lawrence county
I’m in Steuben county in New York State
i fel like its hopeless i am in suffolk county so that dowes nothelp me :(
can you please tell me if warren county family court, has a meditator thru the court?
yes sure - I Live in Suffolk County NY
so if she wastes time and never appears and its been 6 months or more... that means Ny loses jurisdiction?
yes which court do i pick erie county  family court is not on here
Where do you return Monroe County court petition forms?
Not by phone; their website is less than helpful (Queens County).  No visible place to search for this kind of record.
thank you, yes i live in kings county
I am in suffolk county will use isip, ok
Yes, Kings County Family Court
(New York state board of examiners)
Thanks ..ill call lift i think its a nyc number iam in utica n y not in city
the order was issued in cayuga county as that is where I was residing at the time
Give me a second I’m not sure if it was albany or queens
I'm actually looking 4 an attorney who, preferably, takes cases on contingency.  I have a legal matter with the New York state dept. Of corrections.
Yes I am in queens county? but I purchase the item online,
also re do the stipulation from NY to NJ laws
5 counts of petit larceny in suffolk County. Theft of money from employer.
the child is located in orange county new york and the person filed in another county outside of where the child was living
Yes, please. I would like to have the Kings County Family Court's number
Ask the Nassau Suffolk kLaw Services
Good afternoon, I’m going to mail some petitions out for queens county family court. Where do I send the petitions to ?
i live in queens, he lives in suffolk county, I lended $85000 to him, he does not want to pay me back
ok, what if you don't know exactly where the child is..which county? and what if I am wrong about the state?
Hi. Can you efile a small estate administration in Westchester County?
yes, the case is in Westchester county, but she is a resident of Ulster county, so we don't know who to call
Yes please. It would be for queens county.
Should I call a surrogates court in Wyoming county to see if there is a will and who is handling it?
Kings County Family Court Help Tel Number.
how do i find out if i have my name on the state central registry
So.. I cant do anything unless I go to Syracuse?
Miller Pace, NY (Suffolk County)
Yes. But is that site for Kings County Supreme Court ?
The famaly  court  on  Nassau  county  its close?
I live in Oswego county but close to Onondaga county
Basically I just wanted to know the New York State law if once a child is emancipated does he stay emancipated status??
Need a lawyer that deals with suffolk County in that specific field
My case will be filed in Schenectady County but what I had found was in Albany Court House -
Form for cost of living increase of child support ( different process), also Westchester County
I was wondering how I can transfer a family court case from Sumter Count Florida up to Cattaraugus County, NY.
I did. They told me to get in touch with Suffolk county court
I live in Madison County, but the home and the seller live in Monroe county
Currently couch surfing in Essex county, but it took place in Franklin county
can you please assist with figuring out what form is needed to file in jefferson county
Just need the correct forms as I will be mailing them to Suffolk county.
The judgment was entered and information now appears on the Nassau county land records site
Shes been charged with a felony.  Fulton County court in Johnstown NY
In albany Ny is their any one I can get help??
criminal court.  old case from 20 years ago.  the attorney must be in kings county
Jessica what is the minimum Federal salary in the City of New York,example,Bronx,Manhattan,Queens,Brooklyn,Long Island and everything about Upstate New York?
I need help filing an estate in kings county greater than $50k.
I was granted a judgement from supreme court in January my lawyer has not filed the judgement with monroe county court.
Supreme Court of the state of NY County of Queens
Suffolk County he lives in Bay Shore NY.
Anything suffolk County the city is 1.5 hours from me
id like to know if i can join any lawsuits that might be happening against  suffolk county for this never ending lockdown
Okay so even though I was born in Queens I can submit the form in Suffolk county family court?
Suffolk County Family Court, Central Islip, New York
In Oneida county what are the circumstances can you relinquish your parental rights?
I recently moved to Hempstead, NY can you please send listings of free Legal Aide service in Nassau County?
If My only choice is the get a lawyer in New York City, will that be a problem for West Chester County?
A supreme court of New York state county of Albany
That would be nice. I need something close to if not in Schenectady NY
Can you get emaciated at 16 in New York state?
is services also provided hudson valley so residents of the 5 boroughs
Hi Lucas, I'm trying to find out if I can go to the Richmond county civil courthouse to answer a debt collection case summons
Hello Alisson, I am looking for an Affidavit of Service form for a Monroe County Family Court Custody case.
Right now Westchester however the incapicatated adult is going to Syracuse
NYC has a hotline for these things...but I don't see anything in westchester county and trying to get through to the labor department is impossible
We’re currently in a the state of New Jersey
Hi I wanted to ask some questions about Franklin County Conservation District
Is there a way I can find out if a queens county court case was rescheduled
I'm in broome county legal aid is who I have now
Looking for a lawyer on the website of Albany Bar Association
Albany County Family Court said I need to fill it out on the website.
not a housing court case. it's a case with queens county civil supreme court
Yes. But my client is open to going to Kings County, Bronx, Staten Island, or Queens County
I prefer something on Suffolk county if you can please , please find one
Do you know who the head of the agency is, I guess in Albany, and could somebody intervene?
queens county civil supreme court
Can you direct me to do it yourself eviction papers to file in albany county?
As I’m in Suffolk County Long Island New York
west Chester county New Rochelle
Also, am i able to file electronically in Westchester County?
I have a county criminal case, the appointed attorney thinks im guilty and i should go back to jail
the state switched my case to wayne county dss
Is Ulster county Surrogate Court open for walk in
If my case was in suffolk county, do I need to file an appeal there?
Yes. Alberta morris nassau County ny
Thanks I really appreciate your help. Yes Kings county is good enough. Good night!!
I'm trying to find a labor lawyer in Suffolk county, near Huntington or Melville area, could you please assist?
the 2 children reside in sulfolk county
yes, we went to court before in Tompkins county, that is where they live, but i live in Niagara county
Could I submit that NY form at Suffolk county family court?
I'm located in Monroe but the case was in onadaga
would a county service provider be able to help?
been calling Legal Services of Hudson Valley  no answer. Thank you
The property is in  Kings county. I am in Nassau County
Supreme Court county of New York
Im located in Dutchess county, Ny
Oswego County Supreme court and the supreme court justice and the
Even though home state is NY and parent that did not leave filed in time and did everything to protocol.
I was sue by creditor and filed a case against me on Westchester county court and I need some legal advice
and modified in Richmond County (Staten Island)
First need to no if family court in Richmond county is open and can u file paper work
My residence is in Greenlawn, located in the Township of Huntington.
Is this for cattaraugus county in New York State
He goes to comsewogue HS first then goes to Eastern Suffolk Bose in Oakdale afterwards
They r employed by the state of New York?
But I imagine the Rochester Office would not cover Nassau County right??
I have a question about the validity of a will executed by NY residents in another state.
Kings county Brooklyn new york
How can I apply house section 8 housing assistance for Long Island suffolk
Are those the same rules for Upstate NY. Broome county?
no albany county but the court case is in ulster county
This is to sue New York State for taking my legal at 15
Yes and then we moved to Erie county but Suffolk county still holds the case
I actually did and they told me that records are kept at the county level only and to go there. \
can you provide some other organization in Manhattan or Brooklyn as well
I'm from Binghamton NY. Who has rental assistance in my county
If I'm using the NY state short form
ok thanks --where do i file for a civil action --whcih Kings County Court
Willliamson NY, Wayne county area
I just need to find out where to locate the Nassau County Rules of Court
Saratoga County law enforcement worries a Malta man could be a poster boy for all that's wrong with the state's new bail laws.
Hello, is the Orange County family court open?
Yes, its Dutchess Supreme and county court.
That’s just where I was born, I live in Suffolk county West Babylon
well I guess you do call this western NY. I'm a lil east of Rochester
thank you its throw  ondndaga county family court
It was Genesee County Department of Social Services
I am told that New York laws are what I have to follow since that company in is NY
thank you, also looking for printablew version so i can take my local county court
see, Oneida county doesn’t like to work on undoing another Oneida county attorneys work. It’s taboo and an unspoken protocol
It occurred in buffalo, ny which I believe is Erie county. We reside in steuben county
I need a business loan is ny state giving them out ?
Kings county. Brooklyn New York
Will the white plains attorney’s go up to Orange County?
Yes suffer county criminal court in Islip
New york state isn't doing anything about this?
ok, you should let legal aid of rochester and ontario county know that
Manhattan is in New York county isn't it?
Hi. Do a non-custodial parent have to be serve if they live in another state?
Hello. I am in need of a probonobankruptcylayer close to Cicero or syracuse ny . Can u help me?
I didnt  see any information for new York state
So, anyone in Albany County or Rensselaer County
Suffolk County Long Island New york
how to find out if i m being sued by creditors? In queens county court?
Legal Aid Society of Northeastern New York located in Albany
An the second number is for Rochester ny I’m in Albany County
I have to go to Town of Islip in suffolk county idk if it's a court or a town
Brooklyn Kings County Family Court
He just lives a few towns away. We are all within Monroe county
Supreme Court of state of New York, country of Richmond
Do you have a recommendation for a probono law service in Upstate NY
I am looking hopefully for any free brief legal counsel for monroe county tenants. Do you know of any organizations I can call or contact?
Thank you for your help and I will call the number in Suffolk county tomorrow
Ina phone conference a suffolk County hearing examiner said I need to file a MOAP. What is that?
my question is can i move form ny state to pennsylvannia?
What forms can I fill out in Richmond county court on line
Court: Queens County Supreme Court Case Type: Matrimonial - Uncontested
Can I do this just by going to the county court house and doing this myself yes
Yes, I live in Oneida county. A referral would be great.
Yeah i know that site and im nassau county
Yes that's correct, we're in Nassau County
Yes. Could you please tell me if Oneida county has mediation services?
Guilford county that's in Greensboro North Carolina
It is a New York State specific isdue
I'm not sure of the county where this happened. Its trumansburg ny
This is a Jefferson county order, although I live in St. Lawrence.
Yes, child support through Suffolk County Supreme.
will they help me in jamestown ny Chautauqua county
NEW YOUK STATE KINGS COUNTY FAMILY COURT
I would have to say New York county but sometimes it is Bronx
I called them and they aren’t serving Ontario county anymore unfortunately
Yes, it is the White Plains City Court
That is for Nassau county.  Does this pertain to Clinton County?
I need the address to mail my petition for visitation. Family court in Central Islip, Suffolk county ny
yes, Rochester is Monroe County. Plattburg is far away. Albany is 5 hours away and Syracuse is Onandaga County
im not sure if this helps me or not but his father also has numerous warrants in Albany and Rensselaer county
im in monroe county the court case is livingston county
yeah well.. i'm still calling kings county housing court and they still won't pick up
they also serve Westchester County? Information is confusing between what falls under NYC and what is NYS
Yes thanks.  it is Queens County in New York State.
I live in Saratoga county but the case is in Monroe county
Albany County New York state
Most of these tickets are in Nassau county.  Maybe one or two in Queens
We were given custody of her son last year while a CPS neglect trial is going on in Schenectady county
If we currently live in Suffolk County but I want to return to Queens County,  which County do I file
I live in Monroe County and he currently lives in Livingston county.
