have index #701762/2020 please tell status had applied for fee waiver
where I can get help without too much fee
The last one turns 21 next week.  I am paying over $700/month which is a lot for me
Services I was supposed to get from FREE were not reimbursed though it was implied I would be in my 66,000 annual budget.
I would like to know the rules about running a summer day camp
I have to probate a will. How can I find out if I’m being charged to much for lawyer fees?
legal fees are already 14,000 I just cannot afford it.  But I cannot afford to stay married either
do you know of any reduce cost organizations that can help
Absolutely..thank you so much...2100.00 per month is wayyyy too much to be harrassed all the time
I don't have a computer,  I  go to Staples and they charge you
No it says rental amount and that I agreed to it and its 700 less than what I have been paying
i called them and they said to call this 800 number and they charge fees. Then that number told me to come here.
preferably someone who is not going to charge me for a clarification
11 and a half months later weve paid him 5500 so far living here
Hello, I have a co-guardianship proceeding and I lack finances.  Are there any organizations that can help me pay my legal fees?
All they ever did was refer me to people who  wanted fees past 30 minutes
I'm ready to schedule on the court calendar
would like to know where to contact to discuss the possibility of being exempt from the move-out fee
I already paid my ticket; I don't know why I am required to appear
now my landlord wants me to pay legal fees and late fees
i was there for two hours and they move my vehicle costing 216 is there any recourse
I need law about the credit the charge me to the furniture store i never use
That is not going to cost me so much money. I am a single mother.
we don’t want legal fees for lawyers we agree on everything
Ok yes that "assistance free if charge" is more what I need
I’ve applied before and they reduced my benefit from 487 to 143 per week
Ok as long I don’t have to pay attorney fee
Yes,  but my question is are they charging fees  base on your income
she continued that that was not the agreement. I said to her thats my rate
not only those two months I have thousands of dollars of Commissions I’ve sold October and September that I won’t collect
I was fined,license revoked and they are expecting to pay them over$1000 to reinstate my license.
Hi, I am trying to find the forms or correct area to search in how to fight getting back a brokers fee I paid.
because I can’t work the schedule they set forth.
What about pro bono services? I can't afford legal fees and i need help as soon as possible
I need to access my son funds for his attorney fees. He's currently  in detention
I would have to hire a court process server in California then, I have no idea how much that costs
I am just trying to schedule an online court date
He is threating me to charge me $25.00 +$5.00 a day late fees
I have contacted a medical supply and found out price quotes and that medicare will cover a hospital bed an hoyer lift
she never lived here , so NY shouldn’t have any side fees
Do you know how much will the fee cost for the attorney?
very little, just a 48 credit on my account, and the unused part of my monthly fee
I need sliding scale fee help
i have researched these things for several decades as a hobby
Does a court order necessarily contain info about how much a non custodial parent pay for medical expenses
Yes, I am the party that has 30 days to pay him my percentage
Than you Timothy so very much! I didn't know where to get help & I'm being harassed & always pay my rent  during Coronavirus
not going but the rental office trying to hold me accountable for attorney fees
she has no representation and I want to knwo if there is any fee help she can get
but i done most of the paper work but i was told about the court fee
What court do I get this notice of appeal from in NYC and what are the fees.
I've looked at this already, but it doesn't seems to address move out fees
Do they have to give you notice on when they increase the late fees.
I need help finding an attorney with a low cost consultation fee in NY
My lease states that legal fees must be ordered by a judge by law
From what I understand Pace women’s justice center still is not free you have to pay at least $2000
I understand it's based on finances. I don't understand how the mother is visiting less than two weeks a year and paying $300 a month.
The rent is 465 hes been charging me 565
Ok thank you, is there a fee for utilizing LIFT
i am looking for information about the rights of subleasees, specifically pertaining to fees
90% of my check goes to fees , by any arrears are met , it’s 30 dollars
HES CHARGING ME FOR MARSHALL FEE FILING FEE INTREST
it’s $50 up to the 15th then $100 late charge
I mean that I may handle the fee if it is not more than 3k
Yes. I’m even willing to pay a fee.
The landlords lawyer offered me to pay just the owed rent and forgave legal feees and late fees
I need to get an attorney to help regarding overcharging fees by nycha
MY RENT IS NOW PAID BUT THEY ARE CHARGING ME LEGAL FEES FOR BOTH MONTHS
I would like to know how can an 18 year old be adopted and what the cost is
I don't think I fall under that category. I do typically make a decent salary
The parenting agreement said we would pay 50% for education expenses
im behind on my rent and she is charging me late fees that she had never done
furniture store wants me to pay 35% stocking fee that’s nearly 1,000
Ok, great. Does LIFT work similar to you or is it something that I will need to sign up for and pay a fee?
yes, i'm aware. i need to know if she still has to pay that fees even after she had the sole custody.
Thanks for the advice. So I leave out that part requesting my legal fees to be paid.
This is not supposed to be here you guys charge me for all my rice so why is there a extra fees for what
going rates in our area for a comparable unit would be close to $2K as our price includes all expenses
also what does an attorney Referee do and is there a cost for their use.
my court date schedule in 50 days, so can i represent my case in court. i done with the attorney fee.
Is the service fee based? They don't have bunches of money.
Im willing  to pay $30 fee
Do I need a lawyer for this?  Do I have to pay court fees?
So I can lawyer up in VA and have the missing funds , changing amounts , and FEEs dealt with there
i can't afford the atty fees because i'm unemployed
I know there is fraudulent activity. They say over $15,000 has gone to fees and intrest
how to do it and the price I’m low income so I just need help
I'm from Rockland county what's the salary for the next year
YES,  AND SHE SAID SINCE THIS HAS HAPPEN  MORE THAN ONCE I HAVE TO PAID THIS ADDITIONAL FEE.
i didn't see anything about late fees
I'm looking for a form to recalibrate my weekly benefit rate for D.O.L
I don't know if they will charge me any fee? how much it is gonna be do you know ?
I am her closest relative but can't afford exorbitant fees
I had a dwi in 2018 I did eight months jail time paid my fines and reinstatement fee only to tell me I am deined
we have a contract with a fee and deliverable and they are charging me based on time and not deliverable
Sure if they don’t charge that’s ok because
I heard of a fee waiver option. Will I be able to claim that only if I represent myself?
do you know if these are pro bono or they charge a fee to represent?
If they don't charge. I am now currently homeless. Are they on call?
Without getting to personal like the site says , I pay 126 in arrears , VA takes 85.70 in FEE , NY takes 11 in FEE
I tried but it did not get me to the right menu it put me to a “ rate this service.
I did pull hannah from boces cause i am not paying the fee for it no more
I read about a fee waiver but I'm not sure from where to start.
Now hes charging me the late fee on top of my rent every month is that legal?
Yes. But I can't afford to pay any fee. I am 62 and living by the only income of $ 984 monthly from SSD.
I told her if you’re comfortable with taking on that responsibility of paying that much monthly
i want my name cleared and fees dropped
Is it possible to pay a lawyer lowered fees?
More specifically if it’s legal to charge a termination fee
Do you know what date the courts are scheduled to open back up?
And its for store pick up. The store closed. They charge late fee. And late fee.
I'm Iooking for info on how to get a court fee waived
they are going to be able to charge for the rest of the months?
i opened up the GF 40 form under emenrgecy forms but it looks just like the regular form on the ny courts website
But I already filled out an RJI and I paid the $125 fee
Which they’re are continuously charging late fees
By the way, I do not mind to pay for a fee, but I do not have that much money
now I got 2 more in the space of 2 Days aprt
We don't have money to cover the expensive legal fees
We can not afford to pay a lawyers $300+ consultation fee
Right - Its frustrating because we are willing to pay our current rate
It turned out to be a 2 day job and double the fees
I thought nothing of it as it was a monthly fee for 50dollars
NY is taking a FEE , they shouldn’t have interest of their own
Chemung county Elmira ny 14901 I'm on a fixed income and can't afford attorney fees
she knows if she doesn’t pay the full amount we all split the cost
Hello. Looking for affordable representation for 7th degree charge
are there all free legal service? i am able to afford a little attorney fee but not a lot
I appeared in front a judge since 1/29/20 he was issues to pay $150 a week
however heating costs are getting billed to me as part of my electric
Yes, I paid the fee this past January but from my understanding the law was passed in June 2019. I currently live in the apartment
are they expensive though? I can't afford attorney fees :(
i was over charged for minor services. and overcharged for a water bill.
I don't want to pay fee for attorney
I cannot see my daughter but I still want to provide for her as much as I can
This isn’t a modification per say bc there’s never been any ever..
I cannot afford fees that were 20 times per hour what I was earning.
My landlord is trying to make me pay the fines for his HPD violations
ok Thank u. Do u know roughly about how much it would cost for my case
now my father-in law wants to get that money to pay for the funeral expenses but he can't
of $525. This will total about $875 in the end for my first two tickets ever
can you give infomation of a fee attorny spanish prefer
It is alot of information to look through and I am not sure if it will help or prices but thank you
they passed on the towing and impound fee to me which I believe to be illegal
The brokers we are dealing with are asking for quite a bit of applications fees
but theres this thing with the in state and out state tution fee
Hello how much is the cost for publication in newspaper
I have a desk appearance ticket schedule for 10/27/2020 in Manhattan
He was asking for me to pay in high  monthly amounts and also to leave the aprtment
yes, i actually own and pay a very high maintenance but have no maintenance
They want to put a fee on it or put a hold on it when I am not feeling good
guess no body can help anybody these days with out a fee
I am looking for a no-fee lawyer to help, that would be great.
the hating day on ticket is 03/02/2020, but they changed it to 02/11, then they have reason to let me pay$100
Do I have to pay the tickets for my daughter to visit him if I relocate myself in another state?
I want to know how much it cost to get an attorney for my current situation.
Im looking for information on how to break a lease without paying any fees
I also now owe this driver responsibility  fee
I am seeking to incorporate my organization as a not for profit corporation
No I paid a fee so I’d like to know the status of it if possible
my agreement says the father has to contribute to extras like playing sports but he refused the expense I put in for the equipement
im in a market rate building and not being evicted. I am choosing to leave and they are adding $900 fee to clean
My Michael Jones I paid off my arrears but I'm still needing charge
I thought there was a servcice where I could play a lower fee
Do you have fee legal clinic or something like that as my budget is very low.
Yes I need to find a lawyer who is willing to help me for free or for a relatively low fee
Im trying to go online and pay fee
the opposing counsel's lawyer wants legal fees from me.  The reasons of which, I feel to baseless - mostly
very briefly but never follow up since I cannot afford the fees
I have no legal representation and am desperately trying to avoid these fees
I need help recovering deposit and agenta fee
i would like a court fee dismissed
I need help covering the cost of medicine
They schedule the closing on sept 13th on the same day they said my rate lock expires
i need help filling out daycare expenses
I was going to print them but decided not to ask for a fee waiver
do the waiver requirements to waive the fees also vary from court to court?
that's it.  I downloaded the form from the site but no fee mentioned.  Thansk again for the help.
AND HES SUING ME FOR FOR MARSHALL PAPER WORK THAT HE BROUGHT UP ON ME LEGAL FEE FILING FEE POUNDAGE EXPENSE STATUTORY MARSHALL FEES
I would like to know where to contact to discuss the possibility of being exempt from the move-out fee
