Hi Don, judging by the disclaimer, you may not be able to help me determine if my small claims case would fall under malpractice
I have already spoke with legal aid and they denied me.  I have a call into the legal project and I'm awaiting their response
Thank you guess I was just wondering if it’s legal ... to appear in a different state court than where you reside
there is also another person subletting who lived there before I moved it
If I could receive some help in this matter in my on-going living situation.
I need to know what form to change the venue
I know and he's a judge and he gave me 72 hours to refinance my house what he's putting it up for sale
ok, how do I go about finding out if they did or not? Do I just have to take their word for it?
i have lived in this place for 5 years they have been there for 1 year and it’s been nothing but a nitemare
Actually I think all right now we are back to stage 1 lockdown all zoom and remote
i have joint custody and will like to notify court and get permission to move out of state
I will check with the court again tomorrow thank you for your help I'm hoping we can get this taken care of
I will get to a location with one or can I go as a walk in
My attorney is unwell in Westchester and his response has been linited
Money is been taken from my check I work part time and they’re taking my entire check
it is saying it does provide list with properties for sale
I need to know if I qualify for public benefit because I have a prima facie issuer by USCIS
I asked for time to inspect and the 12/21 date was offered as the inspection date
Yes, i need to relocate out of NY state due to work.
Here is the information from Property Shark. I'm interested to know if the property sold at auction.
Turns out, he was going through a lot in his personal life.
FINALLY I FOUND OUT THERE IS A CLAIM UNDER MY NAME DONE IN 1982
he took my oldest son this weekend and didnt return him home
Goodmorning I want know if I can get a mediator  Instead of going to court
Thank you......it will be extremely difficult to relocate wit the climate of things today.
It was most likely through the Supreme Court. I didn’t think the DIY program was available, but I was hoping I was wrong.
I need a attorney because I asked for a safety transfer from nycha in may of 2019 and I am now at a dv shelter
4th claim handler Jashua Meed
I did retain one for an appearance on August 21
I just do not like being treated like this by people who are supposed to be working for me.
i received a summons and notice for my property and was wondering if there is free legal representation
Aetna paid on 1/28/2020 for my ER visit on 12/31/2019
SSI is stating there is an overpayment of 16,000 dollars. She went back to school and started working I think that's where the problem occured
they do not want to hold and test her  they said they need the bed
i agreed go small claims court after schedule made at work can I get fired for it
I will like if you can help me get the dearth certifie  and to take it and to get the claim  .
Y no tendrá un email o por WhatsApp porque te es ribo desde Venezuela y aquí no sales las llamadas internacionales
I thought after 30 days in considere a residence and they cannot kick me out by law
I need cert. disposition for my DWI from 1994. For a state position. how can I receive this with covivd 19 going on
No I want to take his rights away because he hasnt seen him in 12 yeaes.
Ok yes I will wait n TY
i know she is buying time to not return my retainer
thank you I have to step away from my terminal pls forward what you can
or is there a way to take it directly from my check? That would be easiest
They also stated  that if I do not come back that I will be forced to resign.
but they said I can make a date for it until the courts open
I have been forwarded for arbitration howeve AAA is imposing ICDR on me.
I don't know the form that is used for change of venue
I did. They told me to go NY court to learn how to register my judgements to NY
What I’m asking about is specific to NY State
management is offering me section 8 for a one bedroom but I currently have and need two
does it matter is the parent lives in a different state?
Is the mother legally  allowed to make him visit either in her home and choose who he can and cant bring them around
Where the other party accept that he made a sudden left turn
I would like to vacate these 2 judgements
Yes I know I'm asking if I can wal into the court house
oh wow, so he gets to get away with (4) months? unbelievable; does this change depending on which state you leave?
My daughter got my grand daughter for her reqular visit and won't return her
i began Pro Se but think ill need some assistance. So thanks again
I was terminated from my job for 3rd party exposure to covid 19. I would like to know my rights
I live in an sro and have been told I am not allowed to have visitors
Hello I been staying at an hotel for more than 30 days
3rd claim handler Michael McCanzi
___I am collecting or have collected state or federal UI ins due to pandemic
I need help they take info 421) out of my desavity check
without us going thru court
so then my appearance in court would just be to tell my side then
is it possible to briefly expalin, the visitiaon under the articel 4 .. 5.. 6.. ?
it is has been 5 years since she has been living there. we are still in court
yws, they say its being reviewed but I need help,
Thankyou.  I need help with a timeshare I purchased and am trying to get rid of.
I'll be able to receive the deposit back
Moms cjild got orotevtive order a giant me for my cjild saying somethinf was wrkng with her diaper area when she got her back
I asked about who i  talk to regard  to finding a piece of large jagged plastic in my coconut yogurt
Ive already sign up there doing a back ground check on me thats why i am asking
or asked where have they been, if they traveled o ere with someone that traveled,etc
Good morning, I have a desk appearance ticket on 10/27/2020 and I was wondering how can I set it up virtually yet
Procedure to sue real state company that didn't return my deposit
I would like to get return of deposit also
It doesn't give me time to look, ut throws me back here
even if they are living in a different state for over 3 years?
I am telling about medic issue. The medical provider refused to provide the interpreting
Thank you I greatly appreciate you responding back to my matter.
I love in a sro in the Bronx county. I'd like to know I'd by law an i allowed to have Visitors
now I finally have him everyone is home and he is in another state
From my knowledge this was taken care of already in June though.
this looks like it’s about negotiating at court
I need assistance on how to view prior court appearances
Yeah they keep telling me claim then i call 209 and it says i don't valid claim then i claim every Sun
I think everyone has more fair price and cost of living
2nd claim handler Raven Green
They say cant sue. But was wondering how long they can collect
If I moved from a different state can I get dss
I called them all already nd  cant help me
Can your employer  use your court appearance  against  your attendance
this is regarding a Settlement Claim Check that I got.
I visit her as part as my service plan through acs
she stated that if i did not return to work by 6/29 my job would be posted .
yes, I know, we waiting on the state update, when can we reopen
Ah, thats extremely helpful.  Thank you for the heads up.
i made an online purchase inwhich  I never received anything
Hi Shanequa, this is Wantee. I was testing it out to see where you can see the campaign.
rephrase. Allowed racist comments to be made by court appointed council
What program could I use without scanning
We already have multiple discussion about not making unilateral decisions and he is just doing whatever he wants.
Not sure if I’ll be getting it at my next court appearance.
We are unwed. I was in the service and upon exiting the service went back to GA.
was talking regarding to the small claim case on dec 10th
we have received a 10 day notice for proceedings in court to leave the premises.
and I found a place I liked after seeing it virtually
La madre de mi hijo no me deja verlo y quiero comenzar un proceso de visita
yes... I have to figure out a way to get the checks sent to me or to another address
I waited months Allstate and my Allstate agent did not respond to my summonses
HOW TO GET RECORDS OF NAME CHANGE FROM 1972 IN NYC
hi i would like to know what to expect during the court appearance
has anything specifically changed in your hours of operation at lawhelp
I was told that I could receive that by applying for it online
I'm not sure, when I called they've just told me "it's under review"
My shelter is asking for him in concerns of him being on my case. I informed them of what is going on.
I visit a lot of sites that get me a lot of nowhere
i arrived to US since a year and half
No interest in inheritance either but purely for another personal reason
I am currently residing in a nyc sro. Do I have the right to have visitors ?
NO one appeared from plaintiff in 2017 18
Ok cause hes bout to narry me n october thats why shes mad and wanna take him to court
I just wanted to know what my options are to avoid garnishment
he said, "oh, you dont have to move" to which i replied, "well, that depends on who buys it"
i want to know how i list her criditors and weather i need to send each creditor an A-9 form
I’m looking for help to be able to get my 2 amendment rights back
I have a city of Cohoes small claim court date of October 28 and would like to have assistance with it
1st claim handler Adam Moore
never seen o r heard of anything like this
it's not a small claims matter either..it's civil
I've worked with LIFT prior to my 2/21/20 court date
The only way for me to take my name off is if someone can take over it
do they stop counting after the summary judgement is issued?
I’ve asked for my deposit back several times to move and he’s refused to give it to me
The house is paid off, we purchased it in February 2005 and I want my name off of the house.
my question is is instead of me taking him back to court is there a way to just do a cost of living?
I have an overpayment of approximately $4500 and filed a new claim. I noticed that my days are being forfeited
I just want to know if when I go to court to ask for an adjournment due to seeking representation.
That sounds like a plan. I will try them out. Queens Court was my last resort lol, I will do just that
i ave 2 years woerth of evidence as well
we need to know if she can leave to come home without being charged
My tests are nagitive and I feel great no reason to be here
As administrator of my sons estate would like to know what my rights are to his property and personal belongings
Thanks again Ashley.  I will take it from here.  Enjoy your evening and stay cool if you can.
Also does he need to bring anything else with him. CPS already visited his home 2 times
I’m waiting for my appointment I had a appointment in April 2
i would like to change venue of couer
Parent is lease holder but has resided in a nursing facility for more than a year don't believe she can return.
but she is head counsel and you gave her an award i figured you would
Ok thx a Lot I am going take them too court
But i told him anything he send her threw cash app keep the recipt
They are asking me for $1,200 extra I'm sorry for the typo
I have a court case 2/21/20, I requested adjournment. its a trial,
tried our local bar assoc but in the last four weeks no one answers or returns messages.  i need someone asap
I havent heard from him since september 26 2017
hello I just got offf the phone with someone she told me what I have to do thank you for waiting for my response
Already tried first 2  they refer  me to you. I’ll try rural I guess.
If is possible but a y help I could get to at least go back in forth to my country.
Okay I'm looking for someone to tell me what type of time am I looking at for these charges
Solo de visitas y hoy hubo una vista pero se me olvido pedir el numero de el abogado
I need to know if my court appearance is still on
I appreciate every minute of your life transforming work
Don't be sorry,   We greatly appreciate your response +  will try to get in touch w/  the places you listed    Thanks so much!
Do you know if they're requiring in person appearances with the pandemic still going on?
I meant they have told me they are calling acs on me on Monday
Today I received their “evidence” but I want to send in my oppositions
I was just on here and was waiting on the operator to find a way to help me when I was kicked off the site
I received it November 23rd if I’m not mistaking
I’ve spent hundreds and hundreds just getting him served and it isn’t good enough.
I was claiming benefits for days I was home in Ny
Zahirul Islam  bayview ave Bellport
I just need housing n seamans wrongfully isnt helping with housing against judges orders
I live out of state & need to set up a court appearance
I filed a multi state claim on 03/31 and have not heard anything regarding my claim
Thanks, I put in a user name and pass word but it went away fast
$32,000 are the letters i recvd over the last few months stating "Satisfaction of Judgement"
