OK no problem just to ask how much time is this program
hi mike am I allowed to ask you a legal question
idk if you need to ask questions that can help
it happens every time I ask for help
I’ve got a specific public charge question. Where can I ask it?
I want to know how to deal with this, can I ask you for help?
Good morning I just finished talking to somebody on here and I forgot to ask one more question
If you don't mind my asking, what are your hours of operation ? and is there a different way for clients to ask for spanish?
Okay thank you. If I have any other questions I could just hop back on here and ask whoever's answers?
I do have a question but it seems like you'd be unable to help
hi, I'm only asking this question out of curiosity
I need to ask someone some brief legal questions on the best way to go about it.
i have a quick question to ask maybe you guys can help me with
They weren't really helpful in the matter. Should I ask for it to be appealed.
I think that about covers my questions at the moment. I now know where to go to ask these questions. Thank you
Yes I have look through that however there’s no information on dropping claims.can there ask me to do that?
Ok thanks alot matt ..and I will I'd I have any more questions
Ok. Thanks for your help. I don’t have any other questions.
I also have another question more of legal question
Okay, we will reconvene now and you can ask me your question. I will explain the next steps.
oh wow, i was going to ask you, thank you
charles,arent you supposed to be able to help with my/her question?
OF COURSE WHY WOULD YOU ASK TO APPEAR AFTER THEY GIVE THE ORDER
What is your role within this organization, if you do not mind me asking?
Okay so basically now because he’s not agreeing I have to ask the court for permission to relocate
Thank you so much  do you know if it's confidential? He really has scared me that he will retaliate if I ask for help.
is there maybe someone you could ask for clarification on your end?
I was going to ask a few questions but if you cant tell me certain answers then I wont
I need to ask some questions about a Information Subpoena I received
I'm sorry I for got ask: how much time do we have?
I was disconnected a few moments ago when I asked this question
now is fine, thank you so much. if any questions, will back to here ask your help.
No matter how many ways I asked they would say I was doing fine
Can you tell me the difference between asking a question concerning a court case vs just asking questions without a court case?
Can you ask someone or is there a supervisor that might know?
i will call the courts tomarow then and ask whats the process
Ok great thank you. So i can just come here and ask for updates?
I just dont know who to ask. And im afraid
I have a couple of questions about how to get that back, and how much can I finally get that back
Hello my name is shantel I have Questions to ask
is there anyone i can ask that might know the answers to this?
Hi im.shawn banks someone. From.leagal aid called me asked questions said would call back havent heard back
it comes up...criminal issues and family.what do I do now? ask questions like I did with you?
Good morning I would like to ask some question
Ok thanks if I need help I can ask here
Thanks again if I need you later I'll will ask for help. But that will be all for now.
How old does a minor need to be before they can ask the court to change who they live with?
Hello   yes i have a question and hopefully you can help me out
which is why she asked me why didnt i tell her my other son was autistic. basically she's investigating on her own merit
secondly, when it ask in the matter of a proceeding --- i just have to check off one option?
oh!  Is it too late to ask another question?
I asked for additional dates to do work and none were provided
I own a house but is on a fixed income need to ask question to decide the best action I should take
Anything else you would need to know, please ask because I have no idea what I am doing
Yes but i thought this was a place i could ask my questions and get an answer
i'm just not quite sure how to frame the issue the right way to ask people like you
I can't walk up and ask for 1 of everything or can I?
So he whined up not getting served. I also asked can the court serve him and they said no
Yes I don't know how to go about inquiring
she pretended like I didn’t know what I was asking
I dont have any other questions. Thank you so much for everything
because i just went through it again and it says to ask the court for one.
Hi Michelle, this is Michael and I have only one question, if I may.
I haven't found it yet. Thanks what I'm asking. Is that Affidavit there? Thanks.
Sure one more thing I needed to ask you about
I don't think I have any more questions, thanks for your help
Alright sorry for asking too many questions today ant thanks allot
legal aid etc have kept telling me to ask them about my questions please
He needs to consult with a legal person to ask questions.
I’m gonna ask you again cause i think you’re confused
Is it possible to ask you those questions, or would you be available to assist me finding legal help?
Please excuse me, I just noticed that I forgot to type "yes" prior to asking the question
I can give you my question in a non identified way
ok i hve e did ask him he sAID THAT HE DID GET ANYTHING from yet and this was a month ago
ok thank you. I just figures I would give it a shot and ask :)
thank you so much. Can I ask you another questions?
Thank you, I will try them, as it is only a question, not any type of legal case.
Hello, I am not certain id this is a legal matter but I did want to ask.
I was just asking you questions about what papers I need to file to get my ex out of my home.
Ok I would like to ask another question
Oh ok thank you for your help i just have one more question
We are for now that’s why I’m asking for help my friend came and fix the door
Ok, I will ask them the same question. Thanks for the information.
Im still here at the court i will ask right now
this service seems to be specifically for people with low income. Would that disqualify anybody for asking help from them?
Yes my father has asked me to do this for them because my mom cant work
I’m not asking for advice I’m asking if it’s possible or not
I will give them a call to ask for help. Thank you so much for the list.
Do you know any resources that maybe able to help in in regards to that question?
Yes I am thanks for asking and hope you are doing the same as well
I JUST ASK FOR RETURN A DIVECE THAT WAS REGISTE ON MY NAME THAT I  HAD TO RETURN TO DE COMPANY PROVIDE
ok i will review and come back if i have any more questions. thank you very much
If there is an office as part of the courts that I could call to ask questions about it
its embarrassing to ask family for food or money
both of the links ask questions about a previous case i am trying to start a new case
I can ask them the questions im asking know and they will be abel to give me insight
Wanted to ask a question in regards to a judgment on me from a credit card that was placed on me in 2008
wanna like to ask you a questions
need to ask questions with a legal aide
No, I am glad you asked! Great question and something I should consider in the future
I believe so but if I still need help I’ll make sure to ask
ok, but I need to set the stage so I can ask questions, how about we use generalities?  because the leasing company has sued me
no thank you just want to ask, what exactly is this website is it a private firm or by the goverment ?
I will share my screen and maybe you can show me what you are asking about on Comm100
Thanks wanted to ask question for advice
Sorry, I meant that's what I'm asking. Thanks.
Of course!  While I have you, can I ask a couple more of substantive questions?
But regarding these forms I had questions and not sure who I ask at the court house or anywhere.
I'm not asking for my situation, I'm just saying in theory
I'm asking because if the only way her mom could have legal guardianship would be if I sign something and I have not.
courts. I am asking this question due to safety reasons for myself and my family  .
Yes, generally you would start with one and ask if it his helpful. The max would be 2 links.
Hi I have a few questions I don't know if you can help me.
I been asking for my case to be heard in another court room but it keep going back to the same lady.
May I ask first if you are open on Saturdays?
I need to ask a legal representative a question maybe you can direct me.
Hello, may I ask how do I get legal assistance here?
Yes, I understand. I guess I was asking where to start, but phrased it poorly.
Yes you may ask whatever you need. And yes her mother has custody
i need interactive to ask the questions and i filled in the info,  …...…..yes, I can  send one of these directly to the court?
really trying to ask a legal question
but that’s the only reason y I asked u about that I thought that was possible but thanks appreciate the help
she has been asking for years but he wanted to wait until she was older to really do it
thanks very much if I have more questions in near future can i cantact again?
I am afraid to ask. Does the hotline you have, have someone actual that may have answers, free of charge?
like, where can I ask specific questions about my circumstance?
this place is more expensive so he asked me for another 300
I asked the officer not to cause me any more further repercussions by this person.
No it all looks confusing an it doesn't have a choice to pick for wat i asked for
I want to ask I am f1 student. I got married with my boyfriend.
because you agreed out of court I am giving her the amount she ask me
It has never been this difficult to get help with this ask.
I'm gonna go ask those questions now..and see what I can do with the grievance committee
hello is it possible to ask a question about a legal matter?  YES
I just need some advice on how to answwr the question on the application where they ask about the incident
That's what she responded, I mean I can call again and ask,
It's ok I have a friend who wants to ask a question but he only speaks Spanish
I want to know if I could ask the Owner if the property for the return of this money
No I haven't can I walk in and ask to be placed on the docket ?
I already did ask for one is the guy that haven’t
So just come back and ask to speak with lift at the beginning of the chat ?
I would usually wncounter people asking me for money in exchange of information
but i am unable to get to new york this is why i'm asking for help to find out what i can do?
I have 1 final question, if you don't mind
Thank you so much. Also I have another question maybe you can help me
It’s a question I am not asking for advise or anything in that nature
I'm not asking for legal advice I'm asking about a form.
Are you making appointments at all for those seeking help? I'm assuming not at this time,due to covid....but it never hurts to ask,lol
that's it.  I'll call tomorrow and find out.  of which department i ask for?
Law NY told me i can come on here and ask.
are you still working on the 2 questions I asked??
I asked these people 2to let me come back but the manger denied me. This was about 3 weeks ago I asked 2x
Hi I had another question so ask before he disconnected
Really  Good information..... Can I ask another question?
ok thanks no one answers at the court house i just get hung up on after asking for a person. but thanks anyways
Good morning  i have a question and i hope you can help me
I have gone as far as askING him to put me with other employees. And he says if I can't work with him go home
Ok, may I ask another question?
I dont know what to do. The first message says you cannot help basically so i ask again what do you do
I guess I should've asked you first, can I describe the issue to find out if it's even a viable legal issue?
Before I refile for custody I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions
actually i dont need help just have a question not sure if you can help
Hi Ashley I have a question and want to know my rights
So when i call i just ask for an appointment or the same question i asked you?
i asked for invoices 5 different times and she has said she doesn’t have the time
I'm sorry about asking two different questions and I didn't give you a chance to respond to the first one.
i was hoping to just find out if i have the right to ask for the receipts since i paid for these services
I am clueless to all this legal mumbo/jumbo and I don't know anyone I can ask
any idea when the courts are open what department do i ask for
no I don't have questions. I want to know what can I do now to see my daughter like I am supposed to
When I call what exactly does my case files under so i will be able to ask the correct questions
he ask me she is file for devorce i said i do not know
and I ask for a Atteorney and i didn’t get one as of yet
Does it matter how much he makes as to whether they will let him ask these questions?
Do you know if a person from the public can ask for records of past employees they have hired?
(Essentially, I'm not sure if there's a question left I don't know to ask).
of course, sorry, taken a lot to ask for help
Hi can you give me a number I. An call to ask legal questions about having my 19 year old move out of my home
Hi can I use this resource to ask some questions about a complaint that was filed against me
