Ok, well thanks anyway. Stay safe.
I still dont feel safe going back
appreciate the time , stay safe and stay blessed sir
Okay. Take your time. Just want to make sure it’s okay for me to use it.
That is exactly what I needed! Thank you so much for your help! Stay safe and have a great day 😊
Okay thank you so much you take care of also
It's been very rough on her, and I want to make sure I do something.
Thank you very very much!! I hope you have a good day and stay safe!
nope that's it thank you so much stay safe!
ok god bless stay safe
Thank you again. Have a nice day, stay safe and be well
Got it  thank you! Stay safe and have a great day.
That's great , thank you, stay safe and healthy. have a good evening.
no that's it. enjoy the rest of your day and be safe.
Please stay safe, be well and Thank you!
Go ahead and end your shift. Stay safe.
Thank you very, very much. This is a great start. I genuinely appreciate it. Have a good, safe weekend.
Thank you so much Care! Have a glorious day/evening.
THANK YOU very much. Stay safe have a good day
Perfect thanks. That will be all for today. Take care
No. Thank you so much. Much appreciated. Stay safe have a great day
No thank you have a great night stay safe
Will do. Thank you again.   Take care and stay safe.
Okay, thank you for your help. Stay safe
Thank You Dennis, Stay safe & have a great day.
Thank u ill go to the site now n stay safe..
Who should I speak to in regards to working from home for safety reasons during this pandemic?
no she wants to make sure she doesnt have to come back up
Thank you so much for your help today.  Stay safe and healthy if you can!!
Well thank you for your time. Wish me luck.
Since we were instructed to shelter in place, I have not been able to do any of that work.
ok this is fairly involved which I hope I can  condense adequately
Just to feed my family cuz am scared to use anything they give me
I appreciate every lead I can get, god bless you and stay safe
Thank you so much for your time. No that is all thank you very much have a great day stay safe
No. I think that's everything. Thank you for your patience and assistance. Stay safe and healthy
No. I believe you helped wonderfully. Thank you so much. Stay safe and be blessed
Thank you. Have a great weekend as well and be safe.
Im safe and this hapoened from years 2011 to 2014
please do not give me safe homes useless
Thank you so much for evrything. I really appreciate the info. Please stay safe. Have a wonderful day
no, that would be all. thank you again. I hope they can help as well.
I won’t. You’re very sweet and comforting. Thank you so much!!
thanks for helping. have a nice weekend and stay safe
Ok, thank you for your assistance, stay safe and have a great day 👍
Thx you very much Stay Safe God Bless
Thank you so much I will follow up with them.. have a safe night!!!
We don't feel safe having her in the house. Given this COVID situation,  I don't know what resources are  available
oh okay, well thank you so much Michael.  You have been very helpful. Be safe and have abeautifulday.
Its beyond crazy I'm getting scared and thank you
ok got it.  thank you for all of your help.  stay safe!
Not at this time. Thank you for your time. Stay safe
Thank you I don't think you can help me I just don't know what to do thank you stay safe
thank you - thank you so much and I hope that you and your loved ones stay well and take very good care.
thanks and stay safe appreciate your help  at this time
wishing you a blessed day and wherever you are... stay safe... this corona thing is scary.
No, thank you again. I will check everything right now. Take care
thsnk you AT LEAST NO ONE WOULD GET HURT
My friend got one and I need help
Thank you you stay safe also good night
no thats it thank you! stay safe! have a good night
Thank so much! Have wonderful day and stay safe.
Thank you so much for your help. Have a great day and stay safe
On the safe side I may have to go that route.
Great. I appreciate your help. Stay safe.
Thank you very much for your help, I appreciate it, stay safe
no other questions, thank you for trying and your time.  please stay healthy and safe.
I'm ok I appreciate the information thanks again be safe. God bless
Thank you Kayla.. You been so Helpful and be safe as well ok.
I am 61 years old.  I need guardian ad litem for 2 legal issues.
thank you and like wise stay safe. no thank you so much
Thanks for your help. Have a great day. Stay safe.
please help me to check it again. much appreciated
ok thank you. have a great day and stay safe.
that’s ok! Have a good evening.. stay safe!
Thank you Melissa stay safe and healthy
Ty so much. Have a great day and stay safe
Alright thank you so much for all the information :) you were very helpful. god bless you and stay safe.
No, this was my main concern. You helped me out a ton. Thank you and take care.
Thank you. Yes we are. I hope you and yours are safe as well
ok, thanks for your efforts. stay safe
ok will do and no you've been great to me have a great day and stay safe out here 😊
No. Making sure no one is hostile towards one another.
Thank you..you are very kind good luck in your future endeavors
Thank you. Have a good safe day. Mary Beth
Can you please provide information regarding persistent ongoing custodial interference?
Ok, thank you for your help, take care
It’s look like I don’t have good luck at all 💔
Nope. That’s it! Have a great day and be safe!
May you have a bless and safe rest of the year!
she is safe at a neighbors house for now but will eventually have to go back home. Nothing is being done legally to help her.
First, I hope everyone is safe and healthy
ok, i appreciate your help. stay safe.
Okay. Thank you again for pointing me in the right direction, Michelle!! Be well, stay safe! :-)
Thank you for asking. I am physically safe and living with friends.
alright, i will look there.  thank you for your help tonight.  i hope you have a nice weekend. stay safe!
You too be safe and I hope you stay away from this virus thing
Yes please. Are they expensive services? Or are they free?
but they somehow involved the upstaiirss neighborhood its creepy scary i dont know what to do
Thank you for your time. Stay safe and well.
So I’m safe to assume she did grant me one
Thanks.. Take care and stay safe!!
Thank you, you’ve been not only helpful but also kind and emphatic. Take care
Thank you so much, it really means a lot. I really appreciate it. I am scared and scared to see him
We are quiet people and don't bother anyone.
Hope you have a great rest of you're  day.  Thank you.   Stay  safe as well
great thank you for your kind words and help!
thank much. stay safe and have a wonderful day
No thank you.  Have a great day and stay safe
Thank you for your time. I will look into the different websites. Stay safe and be will.
Thank you very much Ron. Have a great day and stay safe.
I appreciate your help and service and I hope your staying safe
It happens but I want to ensure she is always safe,  healthy & in responsible care is all
No, l appreciate your help. Good luck to you and yours, in these troubled times
Thank you  be well.  And safe in this crazy world
Ok.  Thanks for your help.  Have a good day and stay safe.
Thank you so much for your time Paisley.....stay safe and I will look into the info you gave me....have a good day.
Please tell me something that there is hope.I'm living with enemies above my head and afraid for my safety.
I just want to make sure it’s taken care of
just want to make sure you're still here?
will be breastfeeding and has a much more stable and safe home?
thanks again.  take care. stay safew
No that's it. Thank you once again for your help. Keep safe. And good night.
Ok thank you you have been so helpful  stay safe
oh ok i wanted to make sure thank you
No I dont think so, thanks again! Stay safe
okay no worries, thank you so much for your help
No, that was all. I appreciate you trying to help. Thank you, and stay safe.
ok thanks--have a good day and stay safe!
Ok Thank you so much. Have a wonderful day stay safe.
thank you so much.  have a great day and stay safe.
Thanks for everything and i hope that you and yours are healthy and safe during these complex times
Ok thank you so much and wish me good luck
Thank you- this is very good info. Have a great weekend and stay safe. :)
Oh wow okay. I thought we would have to do it in person.
i need help i dont feel safe
I am fine and I hope you are too and staying away from our friend? the virus...ugh
stay safe and have a nice rest of the day
thank you so much..have a good day...be safe
No, thank you for your time. Hopefully this can help me take care of this
No thank you I am going to call the numbers you have given me have a wonderful day.  Be safe
Thank you. I will follow-up with what you've given me. Please stay safe. Thanks again
This is helpful. thank you very much, stay safe
Have a good day. Stay safe. Thanks.
You've been very helpful Nicole thanks so much and stay safe! God bless you.
It's ok... You found info I couldn't and that's a help.  Have a wonderful day and stay safe.
cause I’m safe and it’s no longer needed
Oh ok thank you so much Lindsey. You been so so so helpful thank you. You have a safe one.
Have a great rest of the day and stay safe.
shall do, take care Ashley 🙂
Okay. Thank you so dearly. I so glad you were here to help, I really needed it.
Hi, thank you so much and hope you're safe and healthy.
Thank you, Cara, for your assistance.  Stay safe. Have great evening.
Do I have right to stay here, safe with my mother in law?
Sorry if I’m venting, it’s a really emotional situation. Thank you so much for being so kind
I appreciate your help thank you. Stay Safe
Hello there, first off I hope you're saying safe and well.
Thank you. Have a nice day and stay safe.
Got it ... thank you so much. Stay safe and keep social distancing!
ok, ty, take care, stay safe
I appreciate all of your effort blessings to you and your family please stay healthy and strong and practice hand-washing and safe distance...
i am glad that at least you have trusted me , thanks katie
not in immediate danger, thank you.  and i will wait for whatever help you can give me
Ok, understood. Thanks for your time today Aline, stay safe.
That’s the only concern that we have. Thanks again, have a great day and stay safe.
Thank you so much Emily. Have a nice day. Stay safe.
No, thank you again and have a great day. Stay safe
No, that's all for today. I really appreciate your help. You stay safe
Ok...great! Thank you so much. Stay safe and healthy! Have a wonderful evening.
I just want to make sure everything is included
ah alright, just making sure. Thank you
Thank you again! Have a great day and stay safe!
Ok. Thank you very much for your assistance on this matter. Have a great day and stay safe.
Thank you so much. Have a great day and be safe and healthy!
Not at this time. Thank you for your time and stay safe!
2. Could I bring friends home?
