Yes, as attorney here said I need to contact someone in New York
Would you be able to point me in the right direction on who to contact regarding my issue
Thank you, ill contact later if I don't get through w/court answers.
Yeah I don't want to contact anybody I just wanted to see the form
Legal groups are specialized in one area of law in civil law and who I need to contact to.
So I am looking  to contact someone who can tell me how to get this resolved
I have contacted the office in canton and they could not help me
Can I just. Contact the support office or family court
Would emailing this be more helpful to me or do I need to contact a lawyer?
Ok great I'll contact them tomorrow
Ok I will contact legal aid society
Okay Thank you I'll contact them directly
I suspect that a former employer is contacting or is having someone contact my  places of employment. That is becoming a major issue.
Okay thank you,i’ll contact a legal aid group
I had contacted a few place that gave me they number I called that how I came by this website
thank you so much! I will read it and contact you again if I need to.
their kids never come in contact w other kids
Okay...I will contact them to see what they suggest. Thanks Em☺️!
I contacted a mediator so seee if we can work things out out of court. Whats the number
No he didn’t say.I have never been served or contacted in writing by anyone else.
On contacted bar association both on phone and on internet
Thanks so much for your help Jamie. I will contact these people and see what can be done.
it is a false allegation, however, I was told under an order of protection that I can not contact our son and my wife
Thank you very much.  Appreciate it! Can I contact you again, if for any reason if they are not available.
Okay. I was i think pretty much told who to contact re: the yogurt, but not who to contact re: ( if any legal ) recourse
Thank you again, if any more help is needed I will contact you. Have a good day thanks again
Im not sure if I'm even contacting the right place
I thought that was what I was doing by contacting you but I guess Ill contact them
So even though the bio has been absent I would still have to contact
I need the legal aid helpline so they can get me in contact with a local person
An attorney I may contact with issues related to special education & rights as this.
Actually I’m looking to be in contact with a lawyer who can help me. Free or low cost of course
Ok it’s not a problem I will try to contact them again to see what it was about
Hello! I am contacting regarding a dishonesty in business.
this should be good i will contact as soon as i can u have a wonderful evening
They have offices where we can meet someone in person ? or are they located in the court
i am sorry we want assistance in filing the papers from  community center  can i contact someone to see when it will be open again
Yes, i need to contact someone so i can know how i have to proceed. Which form should i file
thank you for taking the time to help me. I will contact a representative pertaining to the attorney
So I should contact the family court in NJ first to see what they say basically
The only person I've spoken to is someone from the foster care agency who contacted me about this situation
I did contact authorities out there but I was told the authorities here would have to contact them
Welfare closed my foodstamps case and I asked for a fair hearing and went to the center and no one has contacted me
I contacted free legal aid they said they can't help me with my situation
Thank you I will contact the attorneys above, you've been very helpful, thank you
for manhattan is there an email address for contacting the court for someone who is prose?
it has been a month of being looped along from contact to contact about this
yes but can u just give some lawyers that i can contact
but i dont know how to contact them since im here
Thank you Lucas! I will look up and contact the agencies to find out if they can help me.
Not sure who is best to contact for this, and hoping you can help.
I want to know how to I contact someone in the ADA office in the Bronx besides the general number
I call that phone number as well before I got in contact with this website as well as contact with you Lindsay
I would like an attorney because the one I have sucks and doesn't contact me until the day of court
i reside in queens so I would have to contact a queens office yes?
can I contact one of your attorneys for a free consultation?
It is because I am confused and I have no idea what lawyer to contact that is dealing with her will or estate
After reviewing my complain and issue so the right person can contact me with help
Is there another site or office I may be able to contact?
He asked me to give you his name and number so someone can contact him
when a collection company files a lawsuit -- in order for it to be dropped--they need to be the one to contact the court, correct?
contact for help center staff attorney
i thought if i contact the legal aide society for help would that be a wise choice
please let me know who i may contact in reference to the above request. Thank you
I have not heard back from anyone  who may I contact
Yes. Thank you for your help. Any problems I will contact you.
Do you know who I would have to contact? I'm not entirely sure the organization.
I contacted family and surrogacy court and they could help me
Okay great, I will contact LIFT when I get a chance
Ok, I will try contact that,thank you for help
If you know a agency or firm that deal with or familiar with Justice Center, please let me know who to contact to
I mean: "is it correct that I contact the DA's office"?
I was reading that we need to contact an agency here, but I'm not sure what agency
I am wondering how to get in contact with someone to discuss a possible case
How can I contact the court? In person or by phone call?
If possible yes, I would also like to know if it's worth contacting a police organization or if I should just contact a legal organization?
Not sure who to contact form the state or where to get help from the state to stand up for myself.
i will try to contact a housing attorney.  thanks for your help
ok pass me.  a contact you something from someone who can help me please
I can try that... and thanks. would you have a lawyer I could contact also?
Ideally we would like to be in contact with someone who can give us legal options.
my lawyer has made no contact with me in over 4 months
Now I've contact ACS because I was told from someone close to her she does not take care of him.
and need a contact email for manhattan supreme court
Because I cant contact that person by myself so I need help
yes, if there a service I can contact so I can speak with someone about the specifics of my situation?
okay im going to check the things you gave me,and if i need more help i can contact you here?
No I just someone to contact to help us figure this out
one was from last year and it happened again this year so we are contacting the court
I was contacted by many mutual people saying I am named in her will
I know that the courts are closed, is there a way i can get in contact with someone regarding custody?
Thank you. My therapist and my case manager told me to contact legal aid for help.. so here I am.
O.K. Thanks. I will contact a legal service. Thanks again. Have a Good Day.
We don't know where to start or who to contact about this any help would be appreciated
that it doesn't look like I have exempt funds, they told me to contact you
Ok thanks. Will contact later if I don't get help
not at this time i'm contacting liftonlone, thank you
Ok Yes I have been in contact and 311 has not been able get in touch also
is there a list of lawyers that I can contact in Ontario county?
Okay, I will contact them, thanks again Nicole, you are an angel
From some months ago, I filed but couldn't make it so no one ever contacted me back about a new court date
I am wondering who to contact  and if there are any free or low cost people that can help me.
I need the referral information so I can contact an attorney
well I’m having a housing legal situation where I need to contact a lawyer
I am contacting you on behalf of my mom who is 71 years old and has foster children
ca n you advise who I cana contact that would know
Do you know if there is a hotline that I can call if I am unable to get in contact with one of these agencies?
Thank you for those resources and I will  contact them!  You've been very helpful
Good afternoon need to get in contact with the chief of this company . Someone earlier gave me the number but I got disconnected
Contacted legal aid where i live and no response from anyone
was told by nyc courts system to contact you
I consulted with an attorney that suggested I contact the ny attorney general office
we know they are in water town, and has been difficult to contact them (only through facebook)....we dont know what to do
Ok I will contact them and hopefully them help. Would you happen to know when the courts may open?
and he does not want her contacting his new job as she always bothers his bosses
Or help me see which ones are best where I can get in contact with someone
I need to know who I can contact for help or info besides a private attorney please
I have   contacted many   and   no one will take the case
That's why I contacted your organization. I was referred to you from a local legal service organization that doesn't handle these matters.
311 has also been contacted several times. Not really of any help.
Thanks, is there another agency in case I am unable to contact them?
No thanks I will review this information and contact the individuals provider have a safe and bless day
okay I will contact them and if I have an other questions I will contact you guys
Thank you. Is there anyone else I can contact in case I can't get in contact with them?
Ok thank you one last question how can I get in contact with my case worker
California Must contact of Court House in New York the case Inside Report of judgment
Can u tell me who i would contact hete
but someone might take it too literally and not contact anyone before taking your advice
his father hasn’t seen him in 3 months and hasn’t made contact during that time.
My understanding is that uncontested divorce with no children goes through Supreme Court, no family court? Why would I contact family cpurt?
Very helpful, thank you. I will contact them both and see what my options are.
The landlord that we have has “friends” in code enforcement so I feel like contacting them would be useless
Ok, I will contact everyone who can help in court.
It’s not to late to contact a lawyer? My court date is one the 16
With everything being so limited right now, it's difficult to make contact with anyone
Is that somewhere to call or can I contact someone this way
Perfect. I will try to reach out and see if I can arrange for someone to contact her
There is an order of protection give to the father stating no contact with my daughter
Should I look elsewhere? I suppose I can contact one of the matrimonial attorneys I know.
can I contact Suffolk court without going in person
no, I guess there isn't anything to do aside hope someone contacts me. thanks, colleen.
I have contacted a number of organizations for help; have not found anyone to help me.
I already contacted the first link they only represent you when you're going to jail
I want to know what I can do because that coworker has in contact with the other employees
Thank you, I've contacted places similar to these with no success I hope these work for me
Yes, thank you very much. I will be contacting them. Thank you again.
Police believed him and let his aid enter through a window with out contacting my mom
i m wodering if theres someone in the state itself i coud contact ?
Should I contact one of the legal parties   within the website instead
Okay thank you so much. I will be contacting them and see what they can help us with
I want to know if I could be involved in this without the FBI contacting my parents.
Who should I contact to see if she can get her money back?
I will let the police know if contacts me or comes near me
I don't have contact with the person who would be the biological father.
I told the landlord i would be the contact person
Okay. I'm not sure even if I should contact the seller myself to discuss.
Thank you. I will contact those number first and get back to you if I need any further help
done.  again, thank you very much.  i will contact you again if i have more questions.  have a good night, Shabnam. :)
according to my other attorney who represented me on illegal lockout she said to contact you
ok. thank you. I will contact them. appreciate your help
I was told by my local law service to contact your organization because attorneys will live chat with me.
Thank you very much. I'll contact those services. I hope they can help. Thanks again.
I contacted someone over a week ago and have not heard back
Okay, thanks! That’s a help. I will contact them.
Thank you, so just contact them with my issue and see what they say?
I will take a look at LIFT first and if i can't find anything helpful there i will contact the court again.
I have that but the courts provided condensed forms would like to compare an contrast with Molly. Can  she contact me?
i can’t find form for voilcent for contact son
Is there someone I should contact because the mother took the child back to her home with her wife
unfortunately, for me I have contacted all the ones that are in my area of issue
Whom/how should i contact because the bar association grievance/disciplinary committee is apaprently closed and unresponsive
in case I’m not able to contact an attorney
It might be better to just contact one of those offices
Not sure, I will look it over and if I need something else, I will contact you later. Thank you for all your help!
I would appreciate that. I really need the assistance. I'm not getting anywhere with the resources that I've been contacting.
