It states that I need to file a motion with the courts, but it does not tell me what motion I should file
I want to file a petition in Bronx family court
Petition for Modification of Order of Another Court / Family Court (Support)
Can't go and get a petition at court office
My current husband filed in New York and adopted the 2 boys but the judge dismissed the girms petition
I need help in filing a motion extension for a order protection that will expire on 2/3/2021
My ex wife left to another state with my child without my consent and I will like to file a petition in family court nyc
I would like help filing a family court petition in Bronx county New York
Are there any templates for a civil complaint in the supreme court?
Was thinking about going to court to file a petition for grandparents rights
Hello, can I file a petition online to be the custodial parent ? Or I would need to visit the family court location?
I would like to file a modification petition for child support.   My daughter turned 22
Hi I would like to know how to file a child support petition with the courts since they are closed
is there anyway I can file a petition because the father of my child is not following our family court agreement
I want to file a lawsuit against nycha for not making repairs to my apt
Hi I am wondering if I can file a new petition online? If so what is the website please
How do you mean "once you get a summons"? I am filing Petition myself, this one:  https://www.nycourts.gov/LegacyPDFS/FORMS/familycourt/pdfs/4-11.pdf
as the agency is a forprofit agency, i would like to file a formal complaint with supervising agency.
im tryingto do petition for modification for cs n dont know how to do it online can you help w that
I am looking for a form to file a subpoena for records in an upcoming family court trial
What is the best way to file a complaint with the attorney general against my landlord?
basic steps in family offense petition -
And the filing I am looking for is for the appeal to the AD, not for Family Court.
Is there a way to file the petition online or mail it to the court?
Some friends adviced me to file a lawsuit against the truck insurance company .
Where is the form to petition to reverse adoption of an adult?
Nope just was looking for petition to file termination of rights against him
I would like to take "Joe" back to court for enforcement of the petition and changes to the original petition.
I need to file modification petition form
I am trying to file an online petition based on a family court issue. Im not sure how to do so
Hi, I'm a lawyer helping a client file a pro se petition for an order of protection in Kings County
Filed the petition in Jan. 2020 and I live in Queens but the case is in SI family court
can i file an emergency petition  for a phone or virtual hearing
Its not a modification though, this will be the first petition filed
Yes.  How can I find the online version/form to file a modification or petition?
I live  in Manhattan but my son resides in the Bronx with his mother I am filing the petition in the Bronx
Hello i filed a petition of modification and tge paperwork i was supposed to get notarized was mis placed how can i get another copy
Seamens society isnt following judges order since last court date n a second motion for a new lawyer
I'm trying to modify a petition online but since it's against the grandmother, it doesn't let me.
So how can I put into place an appeal although the court house is closed
ok  would have to maybe petition  family court im thinking
Hello, My name is Mariah Tavaris. I would like to know how to file a complaint against a falsified order of Protection made against me
I need help filing a family court petition
I filed a violation and he filed a petition to decrease.
great- what about the petition for family court as well?
I want to file a Emeregency Covid19 petition for my husband
My son doesn’t want his son leaving NY. Should he file a petition to ensure the baby doesn’t leave the state?
quick question regarding obtaining letters of testamentary via the  NYSCEF website.  Do I need to also file a Probate petition  as well.?
It's a family court change of circumstances petition (GF-40)
My mother did file a petition for modification. Can she ask to have me emancipated in the petition
Am I able to come into court and complete my petition?
right. if there are numerous petitions filed for violations of different kinds, what other measure can be taken?
i may have text with you a few minutes ago to get the right link to file a petition for modification ?
Hello, need to file an answer for eviction petition
Hi good morning how can I go about putting in a petition for adoption
i am father and i would like to file petition of termination of parental rights
Can I file a petition with family court to have this done?
Can father just come to court and file the petition there?
is there always a hearing on a petition like that, or can a judge just make a ruling without a hearing?
Need to File a Notice of Motion against the Guardianship for exploitation
I want to file a NOTICE OF APPEAL with family court
Thank you, I did file a modification petition asking for these new terms. I am just no sure if that was the correct action.
So I have to go to family court in order to start the petition
I need to know what forms i need to file a surrender of parental rights
Hi I'm looking for the diy adoption petition
Hi I would like to file a order to show cause for family court. How do I do so ?
I am trying to file for a guardianship petition for my niece
Also, a family offense petition, If you don’t mind?
I Need Help Fileing a Motion for probation Termination
I need help with filing a modification petition
ok so once i register the divorce decree can  i then petition on that same day or would i need to wait
Yes. During that court appointment for an enforcement petition what typically happens? What are things to judge will order?
Hello can you please help me with modification petition
I need a modification petition for article 6 to get my daughter back
If I file a motion for reconsideration, of a Motion to dismiss do need I file an answerprior to the motion for reconsideration being determined
I need - Roommate Holdover Petition (Notice of Termination) form.
Can that form be modified for the petitioner to file without an attorney?
Hoe do I file a petition for paternity now that my local family court house is closed due to the corona virus.
I think so but he said file a moap petition
Hi Daniel, I'd like to know what forms to file to petition for constructive emancipation.
So I wanna know how can apply for an appeal in family court
i am unable to locate the PDF for petition for adoption, can you help me locate it on this site?
the qustions is I filed a motion to dimiss pro se
I want to file a modification petition for my child support case
I moved to W.Virginia and i can't afford to go to N.Y. to file a petition I need assistance filing online
i am looking to petition to see my daughter for family court
I just need information on how to correctly file a motion to recuse, so I can have a fair trial.
Hi I don't have my order number I live in the state of Minnesota and would like to petition a modification
I'm looking for a Pro Bono lawyer to help me with my case. On Friday I was given a petition for adoption.
How can I file for a petition for modification of child support?
I did. I also printed the petition for letters of administration.  But I'm a little clueless on how to file .
I would like to file a lawsuit again and fast food corporation
How do I file a Cost of Living Adjustment petition for Erie County Family court
2nd question: how can I file a complaint against a family court judge?
Do I have to petition ACS to get my son back?
I want to file a petition of modification of an order of support made by the supreme court of the state of new york
Would like to have information how to do petition for guardianship for my grandson
I AM TRYING TO DO A SUPORT MODIFICATION PETITIONER. AND AM HAVING ALOT OF PROBLEMS TRYING.
I Need Help Fileing a Motion for probation Termination .
i have docket numbes and the plaintisffs keeps changing captions and pleading without permission
Where can I find forms to file a petition for reinstatement of child support
I need help answering a court paper for replevin and want to file malicious harrassment and stalking motions
I just need to motion of substitute service to file it
What form do I need to file for a petition of modification
In other words, is change of income SINCE THE DAY OF THE LAST ORDER is a pre-requisite for filing the Petition for Modification?
im not sure if I need a motion or forms for contempt
i need to file a petition for adult adoption in surrogates court
Once I do the DIY petition does it tell me how to file? Do I have to go to the court for a date?
do i do my petition online or i have to go to the family court
No is to file lawsuit against otda for termination of services
hello i am looking to file a petition for  modification for child support
Is family court open right now to file petitions
i would like to know how I can file a child support modification petition online?
where is pins court and what should I bring to file a PINS petition.
What Petition I file to request a move for me and my family
I need to file  Petition for modification and family court
Do I need an attorney to file  a petition for  registration of foreign adoption order?
I need to file an emergency petition in family court and a change of attorney also. How do I do this?
legal I want to open a civil suit against My landlord not Covid related
do I have to file a modification petition to end spousal maintenance if it’s all paid
what is a petition an modification do for a non custodial parent
What kind of documents I need to file a petition for my spouse to come to the US?
ok so there is no way to petition for an order of protection in a criminal case without going topolice?
I wanted to know if i could file an emergency petition fir the two children can be removed from my home
Also what happens if i default on an uncontested divorce petition?
I’ll like to know what options do I have to file an petition to see my child
He sucks lol I have a second motion on me to get a new lawyer
where can I get a copy of a family court petition do ten years ago
I need to know what petition I should file for modification of guardianship.
Nothing is making any sense, and I don't know how to properly file a petition with the court.
I am trying to file a petition for letters of administration.
there is a court order in place and the other party has filed an enforecment motion
So employer may not be notified until after the birth date? Where would I find the modification petition?  Is that unusually occurs?
but should i also file a petition online for the NY supreme court
A lawsuit filed against me claiming I own money for a unpaid consumer debt.
hi i was wondering how to file an online petition for a family order of protection
disregard... just had questions about filing an emergency family offense/custody petition...
Does that mean there is no way to petition an extension online as the representative indicated?
I need help filing a petition of modification for child support
I was incarcerated for some time and I've never petitioned the court for a downward modification
do you know if family court in suffolk allows in person petitions right now?
I would like to print modification for support petition
I want to move but I have to file a petition to be able to move from the Bronx to another state
would it be 4-11	Petition for Modification of Order of Another Court / Family Court (Support)
I have the petition for modification of an order of support made by family court in front of me
Do you know if i'm able to file te petition online or do I have to go to the courts
How do I go about filing a writ of habeas corpus in family court online
Can I file a custody petition online since this whole Coronavirus thing going on
I would like to know can I file a family court petition for the Bronx, New York online? If so how?
I have a family court mattet. I need to put in a stop payment petition
hi i am looking to file a writ of habeas corpus
Thank you!!!  Can we file the petition on line being that the courts are closed now
2) are motions for contempt of a divorce degree online
Hello I need a pro bono lawyer to help my fiancé that is incarcerated upstate New York and he wants file appeal.
can you assist me in the proper forms i need to file a petition to the court for guardianship over my grandmother
Is there a limit on the time you have to file a lawsuit against a doctor how many years
How do I file a petition for child support in Manhattan Family Court?
Okay so, basically, I have to stay up here until court opens so I can go file the petition without violating my order?
I was told i can get online to file fir the emergency petition
I just filed two petitions for Family Court
My ex husband is in violation of divorce decree concerning my spouse support. I have filed a petition with Family Court.
Hence, I need to file a petition with the court to correct the amount.
What court in nyc to file a lawsuit against otda?
im looking for the website to file family court petitions electronically
okay. so i would just file the petition in family court as a first step?
But the judge ordered he pay the back amount even after he filed the modification petition.
Hi I’m seeking to do a modification petition
What do I need to do to file the petition if the courts are closed I have a notarized letter from my son via email
I’m looking for information on a family offense petition
I need to file a motions  to reduce my sex offender status
So the copy of my petition says family court of queens
I missed my court date went a day late. Filed an appeal for judge to reheat my case do they do that?
Famiy Offense Petition for Family court
What website can I file a petition in Bronx family court?
