Perhaps even on contingency if cannot find pro-bono
if you find lawyers who do pro bono work that woul dhelp me
I wrote to a disability rights attorney to ask for pro-bono help
Hello I am beinf sued and need legal counsel
I'm having a hard time finding the list of pro bono attorneys available for low income families
Yes I’d like to be referred to a free attorney
I’m lookin for an attorney for criminal charges
im looking for a pro bono attorney to help in starting a non profit org
I need to know the opropriate person got my acceptance letter for ssd so I can qualify for an attorney
We are using a mediator that we both like and was recommended by the NYC Bar association.
I am looking for pro bono criminal defense attorney's or legal services in Franklin County NY
can I get a list of free attorneys that help with hit and run
We would like to see if we have a fair chance at a small claims court
Yes please forward the pro bono law firms
Is there a number where I can consult with a pro bono lawyer regarding these issues?
I would like a attorney referral to represent me in a probate matter. Is there a lawyer referral service?
Legal like a pro bono lawyer
hello. what is the percentage of federal poverty guidelines needed to qualify for an 18B attorney to be assigned.
you were going to send me information on pro bono
How do I go about getting a pro bono lawyer for my case
I'm suing some.onenthat acted a realtor and scammed me outta 10,000 dollars
Thank you....do any of these groups do pro bono?
i am looking for a pro bono attorney. Unfortunately not working right now but want to see if I have a case.
is there a list of Pro Bono atty's for this case?
Could you tell me if court is required to become emancipated as a minor
I really am just looking for some pro Bono advice to polish up a document and attend one court appearance with me.
I want to file to sue a car dealership in small claims court
He probably won't need the pro bono service, but the USM 94 form requires that we put one down in case
Ah-- that's great.  Thank you for volunteering!   Do you get pro bono hours credit for this work?
I was referred to you through VOLS for a business law attorney as I need pro bono assistance for my startup
Ok. I'd appreciate it.  I have an attorney for a case now... but the judge's lawyer will not take things into consideration
That would be great. But I am looking for legal assistance but would have to be a pro bono agreement. I retired and no $$$
I would like to take him to small claims court but dont know where to begin
hello, my friend  she is looking for an pro-bono legal help
this is why I needed a pro bono lawyer or help from your agency
I am involved in a law suit from a Landlord. I served as a coapplicant on a lease for a family member.
My client is saying that the NY legal agency is claiming they can pursue legal action in Vienna, do you know if that is possible?
Hello! We are seeking for pro bono lawyer.
Hi. I would like to know if a witness to a fight have to issue his/her address when in trial in nys courtz.
looking for pro bono  due to my current situation
Secondly, are these businesses inclined to provide this kind of pro bono help?
yes i need pro bono lawyers thank you very much
I'm looking for a civil rights attorney in Erie County , NY.
I was hoping there was a list of Pro Bono attorneys we could call directly... Does such a thing exist?
I would like a referral for a place I can use to sue someone. For a punjabi speaker.
Thank you. I will refer my uncle to (lift) and his local family court
Yes. I'm interested in a pro bono service
Looking for a pro bono attorney to help me with legal advice to take a company to court to receive my money back
Can u tell me how too get the number to legal aid lawyer at 268 gennesse at Utica NY.. I'm trying to appeal my ssi
I need help finding a court appointed lawer
Hello- I’m being sued by a lawyer we hired for litigation in commercial case in Nassau county.
Is there any chance there is a pro bono or free lawywr?
I would like free representation for my lawyer to advocate for me so I could sue the business company abm rentals
yes please because I'm trying a few different courts and numbers and I can not get a person to pick up
Npatr Thanesnant acted as my lawyer when i sued as prose
Referral service has no attorneys who defend civil cases.
I'm looking for pro bono representation
I like to sue a phone company call apple
So pro bono is free counsel correct
I want names of attorneys who work pro bono to help homeless people. Thank you.
private attorney charge a lot. Don't you have a public attorney if I need to discuss suing in small claims court or civil court?
Aren't there any attorneys who handle pro bono matters anymore in my country?
I only want that to which I am entitled.  I am not legally entitled to pro bono assistance.
Thank you. Also, is this something that a probono attorney can help me through the new probono.net?
I am seeking legal assistance from a pro bono lawyer for help negotiating a contracted related to intellectual property.
Are they talking about a large law firm pro bono referral stream?
I’m just looking for a labor law attorney
affordable too but mainly pro bono or low bono
I've made an order to have court appointed counsel
i don’t even know what pro bono is?
what law firm would you like to send me to
My previous landlord has pressed a charged for rent arrears to Small Claims Court in Nassau County
I am sorry, you are mistaken that attorneys referred by the state bar provide access to legal resource tools to individuals
Yes, if there is anywhere who might do a pro bono review of the 5-page agreement that would be hugely helpful since I'm unemployed
Since my Agency retaliated as they did, I am not in a position to be hired for any other job.
Thank you. Also, I wanted to know do you have any information on where I can find pro bono attorneys for my case?
Are any of them pro bono? Or offer free conceltations?
or an attorney’s help pro bono?
Hi! I'm looking for a law firm that pursues class action suits in Cayuga County -- specifically in prisons in that region.
^ referring to orgs that provide pro bono legal representation and advising on housing matters to low income nyers
Thank you. If you are representing yourself can you get subpoenas for witness testimony?
Is there anything out there for somebody with disabilities my court appointed lawyer has failed me
Im looking for pro bono education, preferrably college attorney.
Yes I would like to have some resources or attorney referrals
Do you have a pro bono list for staten island family court
a ROCHESTER NY pro bono lawyer would be fine or near that area?
I understand, but her court date is tomorrow, and we have absolutely no way of contacting or finding her assigned counsel
Any info on pro bono lawyers or the proper procedure to request a new court appointed lawyer
Wanted to see if the center offers pro Bono lawyers for lgbt devoice cases
Do you know if they offer pro bono services
Are you able to refer me to a pro bono attorney?
Family Court referred me to you for assistance. I'm looking for a second opinion
do you know of any attorneys in the Rockland area who are willing to represent defendants in legal malpractice cases?
I would like to bring a lawsuit against St. Peter’s hospital
I’m looking for an attorney to help me fight a law suit against me .
Looking for pro Bono attorney . That would take payments
Do you have any pro bono legal centers listed?
I need a pro bono attorney in Nassau County
New York City Bar Legal Referral Service
I am being sued for $18,000 by my ex. We never had a contract or anything like that.
Hello, Can you refer me to a pro bono lawyer for a legal concern in New York?
I am wondering if u do pro bono work
i cant go to small claim court for that
I am looking for pro bono help for a civil case in progress.
Can I get help form any pro bono?
I need a criminal defense attorney to handle a case pro bono
Just looking to see if I can find who would now be handling cases of retired attorney David Zube.
looking for pro bono services for housing
My mother used the services of New York Legal Assistance Group back in 2015 to draft her Last Will and Testament
I am looking to be referred to a Criminal Defense Attorney.
and I have a Pro Bono attorney JUST for the financial matters ONLY
I'm looking for a guide that shows what terms should be in a real estate broker contract to sell a property
I’m looking for a pro bono lawyer. New York City Bar Association Said you may be able to help.
I need to know if I am exempt from digital filing in the Court of Appeals if I am indigent and acting pro se
THANK YOU. YOU SHOULD REALLY CHECK OUT THE COURT CASE CALLED SOCIALIST WORKERS PARTY VS ATTORNEY
Need to find a lawyer for property situation pro bono
need legal aid attorney pro bono to file for me. I am senior citizen can’t do alone!
I have sued Allstate and my Allstate agent in small court first
looking for a pro bono legal aid to get consultation for this case
I need help finding and filing forms for court appointed attorney regarding my minor son
civil litigation lawyer for case in federal courts
hi! I just wanted to know, if i can have a legal attorney for a civil lawsuit for Free?
I have a spa business, im located in Brooklyn
A lot of them said they don't offer pro bono
US District attorney in the Northern jurisdiction of the US Supreme Court
Thank you.  I don't have a lot of money for legal counsel
I tried that already and I was pushed to outside services, eg, pro Bono attorneys
I need to find a pro bono attorney
Thank  you. Maybe a pro bono one
and I jsut say I was referred to ask for legal counsel?
I need a number for a pro bono lawyer
I want to file as pro Se efile maybe I won't get scammed
Thank you, is there any pro bono attorneys that you may be able to refer me to?
Find a lawyer that will represent me/my grandkids in family court , and I need an attorney for a civil suit.
I need a free lawyer for a court case its a sue from credit company on me
As I’m reading pro bono you have to be within certain means of income some people will not qualify
Yes - I have a call with our labor attorney at 2
Yes, my grandmother is low income so we would like to find a lower cost or pro bono organization
i need a number to contact an attorney pertaining to a homeowners problem
Yes and to find a pro bono attorney to help me in this matter
I wastold by nino elizondo, the veteran's justice outreach coordinator at Montrose Campus that appts were given and that was my original reason to call....
Does it list every pro bono agency
I am looking for pro bono lawyers at this point but have googled and not sure where else to look thank you
how do I find a pro bono real estate lawyer?
I'm an attorney and my client is having some difficulties with this issue but I don't practice housing law
civil rights and other I’m a pro se I have a case need help on in court
hell-o I  am looking for a patent lawyer pro bono
My niece is looking for a pro bono lawyer about her daughters SSD she having an issue with them and needs legal help.
i would like to find legal counsel in regards to a potntial subpoena
I EVEN CALLED SENATOR DAVID CARLUCCI OFFICE ABOUT THEM NOW I WANNA PURSUE A LAWSUIT IMMEDIATELY
I have a question about a possible legal situation I have regarding a small claims issue with my bank
I just lost a case against the state of new york and I am seeking  a pro bono lawyer to appeal
Are you accepting applications for pro bono volunteers for this site?
Is there a form that can be filed with a court to request. New judge on a case?
Pro bono  lawyer would be great
My sister in law has full power attorney over my mother in law. Can she file in her behalf because she doesnt speak english well?
I need to find a pro bono appellate lawyer to help me take my case to the Supreme Court
Okay thanks and one more question if i would like to help attorney on low income based how can i get it??
I want sue a hospital Jamaica in New York
I need free legal assistance for an overpayment based on appealing my case to see an administrative law judge.
I am a law student and have 50 hours of pro bono to fulfill, and this seems like a nice opportunity if possible
I have reviewed the link you sent me but I don't see a form that addresses my issue (appealing opposing counsel's request for attorney fees)
hi im interested in suing in small claims court
Would I be able to do a pro series against a book publisher
so i need a lawyer to help me sue the bank to get the money back which is under 5000 so small claims i thought
He used to have his own firm (Michael Angiulo & Associates LLC.
I have a nys agriculture and market law that I need a lawyer for an appeal for putting my service dogs to sleep
I want to know about how to take somebody to small claims court
Not a problem, I was just waiting for her to give me some attorneys in my area that offer free services for low income clients.
Can you refer me to pro bono legal counsel?/represenation?  I am fairly certain I will qualify for assistance.
I  have a client who reported to me that she has SS fraud. Do you know of any pro-bono lawyers/organizations that she could contact?
Looking to find a pro bono lawyer in Greene county Cairo ny for probate court
you had a event 3 years ago where you gave or had stacy friedman as the guest. She is legal counsel for jp morgan chase
I need a pro bono or a lawer to go by my income
