i have a 6 year old and The father has not been involved from birth I would like my wife to adopt my son
her biological father who hasn't seen her in 10 years is finally willing to give up parental rights and allow the adoption.
how would I go about having my son legally adopted by my boyfriend.
How do I go about adopting my 32 year old daughter
My stepdad is looking to legally adopt me, and I am currently over 18
I’m an adult but I would like for my step father to adopt me. How do I do that?
Can my boyfriend legally adopt my daughter if we are not married and I still am her sole provider?
my husband wants to adopt my son but my exboyfriend the biologic father has give up his rights
I am interested in regaining custody of my adopted son. I GAVE BIRTH TO HIM WHEN I WAS 15 AND AM NOW 31
My husband is a US citizen and he wants to sponsor me
Is it an Order of Filiation or a full fledged adoption proceeding?
I’m looking to see the process of reversing an adoption
My daughter is being put up for adoption cause mother may be loosing her rights as. She told me
I need a family lawyer to help me reverse an adoption
Good morning...I looking for help with adopting my step son who is 19
My husband is going to adopt my biological son.
Our father was from Haifa.  I was actually conceived there, although I was born in Manhattan.
Just returned home from Ukraine with our daughter need to re adopt in Albany ny
I need help I have a post adoption agreement that I don't think is being followed by the adopted father
My daughter is in foster care she nade it clear that she didn't want to be adopted
Hi, I am looking for information in regards to adopting my step son and my husband adopt my two children
But I don't want to go so far in fact I'm ready to go to the county where the child was born.
what forms are required by NYS to adopt a 21 year old
And now wants to adopt  the child , and  they had two court appearances
Want my proerty he took illegaly form me back
where to go to get pre certified for adoption?
I am looking to adopt my step son legally. I have no clue on where and how to start.
Only 4 children's under age 18. When I was pregnant with my third child I got married with him.
My new husband wants to adopt my 33 year old son.
Her birth mother surrender her parental right but it has always been an open adoption
Hi, I have questions about adopting my step son.
Yes we had that information. I'm just not sure if I need to have her biological father's rights terminated
The 21 year old wants to be adopted
i wanted to know how it works if I want my husband to adopt my child
But will this happen automatically when trying to establish paternity?
What is the process for adopting my 16 y.o. stepson? He has never known the whereabouts of his biological father.
I want to adopt my nephew and niece that are 14 and 19 years old. Both parents are in agreement.
Otsego county say I have to establish paternity???
Is step parent adoption and second parent adoption interchangeable?
Don't know if I need to try to get custody or adopt...
Its unknown I'm am unaware who got me pregnant there is two men that is denied of possibility of being the father
I am seeking information about the necessity of adoption of child by non biologically related same sex partner of birth mother
i have a question if my son was not born here in NY but in GA do i have to do the adoption down there ?
I guess my question is do we have to go through adoption if I'm already 18 or can I just change it
What age does a child that was adopted out legally able to contact the birth mother
Sons name is Brian he was born Nov. 1975
I am wondering how much it costs to adopt an adult in nys
good morning so i have a question how can an adoption process start for my husband to adopt my son
what forms do I need to adopt my stepchild in nyc
She set me up and told me to get lost 2 days after telling me she was pregnant
I recently got married and my husband wants to adopt my 19 year old son. Where or how can I get information about this?
Baby was premature and is completely bilaterally deaf
Hi, I previously asked you for information on the adoption of an 18 year old
I am married and have been for over 10 yrs.  My son is 15 at the moment. And has asked my husband to adopt him
if she were to die without a will am I her next of kin even though I’m not adopted?
Hello, I'm just trying to find out if my fiance can legally adopt my children.
Does NYCourts have adoption packets available online to adopt a step child?
first thing is adoption and name change for my child
Yes his step mother is willing to adopt him and his sister
I had took a fall on their stairs yesterday in the facility I am on and I’m also four months pregnant
I would like to adopt the child as my own - could that he done before the child is born?
ive had full custody of him since birth, will i be Able to get help in the adoption
I will like to adopt my niece and her parents are in another country
just wanted to know what the ;egal staps to file an adoption, my grandchild adoption
and these places do adult adoption for low/pro bono?
My adoptive mom took him from me when I was 19 years old
how do I get his rights taken away so she can adopt ?
I am looking for assistance with finding out how my husband can adopt my child
I’m interested in filing for adoption of my 18 year old step son
She would like him to adopt her but the courts are closed
No i would like for my step father to adopt me i am 19 years old and live in new york
This is a child i adopted 12 yrs ago
Now I've done quite a bit of research, and it looks like she cant give up his rights unless there is someone to adopt.
ok my other question. Can my boyfriend adopt her? He has been like a dad to her for the past 8 years.
I’m trying to establish paternity for my daughter
Hi my name is David Tirado and I am just trying to find we’re can i find my legal adoption papers
No I will like to begin one . I’m still pregnant 39 weeks
he already  gave up  his rights  so his sister can  adopt his daughter
My stepdaughter is 18, she was 17 when I married her mother. I would like to adopt her, what forms do I need
My 16 year old son wants my now husband to adopt him..
My daughter is 19 and my partner is her stepdad. He raised her since she was born
My daughter wants my husband to adopt her. What do I need to know
Yes. Scenario. I wish to legally adopt a 9 yr
I need to get help with adoption process
If the mother has sole custody could I adopt my wife’s son
Hello, I was wondering if I am able to adopt my step daughter without an attorney? Are there DIY forms available?
Do I have any rights to see my son at time of delivery?
I’m look for printable forms to do a private adoption
My 16 yr old daughter would like her stepfather to adopt her what paper work do we need
I feel so depression. because of woek my baby is born early than the day
so i guess my first question would be how does my spouse go about legally adopting my child with the court
i just need to know where I can contact for stepparent adoption
I am looking for a  lawyer  so  my children are not   put  up  for  adoption
I am currently pregnant and I don’t know if I can get
i will like to know how to adopt my wife's 18 year old son
i am looking for a lawyer to file for adult adoption . i want my stepfather to adopt me
I said in the future if I get married to another man. I want the new man to adopt my kids
I'm an essential worker and my main concern is God for bid if I'm infected with COVID19 I have no place to quarantine myself
I'm 8 months pregnant, I can't be here like this!
I am currently a 1017 for a young child that I want to adopt.
I’m looking for information on adopting an adult in New York State
So it would have to be via adoption. The only way the state can take his rights. Am I understanding correctly?
Hi! I was wondering if you could please help me on which forms to get for adult adoption
Can a mother file for adoption without a father consent
Good day! I need guidance on filing an order of filiation I believe, to establish paternity
Im a pregnant minor and i just wanted to know my rights.
I’m looking for a step-parent adoption lawyer
My cousin  is trying  to regain  custody  of her son who has been  living with  his aunt whom wishes  to adopt  him
I’m trying to make a private adoption, I am the mother of the child and my boyfriend and I wants him to adopt
Good afternoon. I am looking for information on adoption of a stepchild
I am looking for info on how to reverse my son's adoption
The mother and I have out first born "Stephen" we are worried about
Can I adopt my wife’s son with out the fathers consent cause my wife has sole custody
i don't want to resort to that, because it affects the baby
I think you were helping me on my daughter wanting her stepfather to adopt her
I need  a lawyer  to  help  me    try to get  my children  from  be  put up for adoption
My husband would like to adopt my son and I'm not sure how to go about it
I have done all  classes  and  everything  SS   asked    BUT  yet they are   say  my children are going  up for adoption
let's assume paternity is established. he will want to establish it
I am trying to find info about a stepparent adoption
I need help on the process of adult stepchild adoption
My due day for my baby is 10/1.but is is born 8/29
I am looking to get information on how to locate an adoptee that may have been placed in NY in an adoption without proper consent.
i am trying to find out information on my fiance adopting my son
Im over 18 and trying to have my step dad adopt me. I have no clue what I'm doing. If someone could possibly help.
But it’s my adoption papers for when I was adopted by my grandparents back in 1998 or 2000
My daughters biological father hasent been seen in over a year and my boyfriend wants to adopt her how d I go about doing that
Yes. Also can she just go to the court and file. The mom is willing to let her adopt
Oh okay, and at 16 he can file for establishing paternity?
I would like to adopt my 20 year old neice.
I have a 7 year old and her biological father isnt in the picture. How can i get my finance to adopt her?
I need help with an Adult adoption in manhattan for someone who is low income
they have legal full custody of the twins that were adopter "Henry and Holden"
I am trying to figure out where I can get the paper work for my husband to adopt my daughter
I'm looking for step parent adoption forms
I believe so. For example I am 29 and I'd like for my step-dad to adopt me so that he is on my documentation.
I wanted legal information on how I can adopt my niece in Pakistan.
my daughter was born in 2017, I was legally separated in 2015
Good Morning! Looking to find the forms I need to complete for a second parent adoption.
Hello, I  would like to inquire on adopting my stepson.
Hello. Was hoping to file for adoption for my step son. How can I did that?
I was recentlg awarded sole custody and now my husband wants to adopt my kids
i want to know how i can be prepared for the process on my end for when the child is born
can an 18 year old can adopt a new born baby
I'm just trying to find out what forms I need to print off the court forms for an adult adoption
mother gave born to my daughter when she was married to someone
can my husband who raised my son since he was 5 mos. old (now32) adopt him.?
well hes unborn so i dont know
Hello I’m inquiring about the adoption process
Okay thanks I appreciate it I just really want my daughter when shes born
so i want to know what do i need to adopt my partners daughter?
Would it make sense to wait for the child to be born or while she is carrying?
Yes I'm sorry one was born in 2000
Can a non family member adopt a child?
I would like information on how my significant other can adopt my daughter
Ok, I am remarried. My husband is willing to adopt my son.
My twins are 16 months old. If I marry their stepfather can he adopt them without the biological father consent
I have a question about my husband's legally adopting my 23 yr old daughter
so my boyfriend wants to adopt my daughter how can i go about doing that
Hello  I would like paper work so my husband can adopt my son
She is seeking custody  of her son who is with he is living with his aunt  who wants to adopt and was given custody
Hi, I'm trying to find out the process for adoption
Hi - i'm trying to find out what papers I need to file for my husband to adopt our daughter. (his step-daughter technically).
I would like to adopt my 25 year old god daughter. What is the process
i also know the name of the person who could father the child as she was with the both of us when she got pregnant
I’m curious if I’m able to take a dna test while being pregnant
hello, we are trying to figure out what forms to fill out for a re-adoption of our daughter.  she was adopted from a foreign country
I just want to know if I marry my fiancé can he legally adopt my child from a previous marriage?
I'm just looking for information on how to go about finding a child that was adopted.
does he have the right to see the baby right away, right after she is born?
can you help me with a question about Adoption Form 27 C?
the child would be adopted by the mother's new husband (they live in New Hampshire)
I want to be adopted I’m looking for the online forms could you help me with that
Helloo do you know where i can get forms from for adoption
