and i would like the links for court as well
Please hold, I will copy all the links you sent.
Yes, I found this link but was unable to figure out how I can extract my case
Ok this is great, I'll look at the links you gave. That's all for now, thank you.
Thank you. I see the last two are English. Will the first link have Spanish options?
I called directly from the link with the + sign infront
I think the link is directing me to the same place I saw this morning :D Thank you for double checking!
The 1st link you provided leads me to a site where I have to pay for access
The last link you sent is the same faq document
Thank you this is helpful. Have all the links loaded. Have a safe and healthy day.
I'm looking for a direct link to the modification form.
Meh - yes, these are the links I used when I initially found this schedule
I was hold on and it says the connection got lost
Ok. Yes the link will be helpful and I do have questions
with that link I’ll be able to obtain  legal services?
Ok thank you so much I will check links.. thank you again
Thank you, but before I go the link to the referral just reopens this chat
do you know where i can find a new lawyerbecause my brother social worker gave us your link
Ok, thank you for your assistance. Will review those links.
can you please send me the link so I can file please
Seems I can't open the link amd talk with you at the same time
Thanks for the help. I’ll close this chat and try the links again
Great! Thank you so much for these links. This helps a lot.
I think that is all for now, I will refer to your links and get some more help with this. Thanks again!
Yes I have the 2 links in blue highlighted thank you again
I went to those links before and it’s a run around but I will try again
The links both direct me right back to this site
I can't get the nylag link to work. It redirects me to this chat
I am not sure if the above link refers to people on SSD?
Can I speak with Andrew sorry my connection went awat
Hi david, sorry i lost connection earlier
i need a direct link to the diy form for custody
The second website keeps directing me back to this thread here
So you don't have a link to our information on what data this chat tool collects and how it uses?
When I tried to open the link, it shows Sorry, but the page you requested cannot be found.
No  thank you I’m going to try does links
I would like the order of protection form for albany county.  I can not find it online.  Can you please provide a link?
The link keeps closing every time I open it
So that link will bring me to the forms. Which one would it b . To restart?
i was told i can apply online and i need the link please
Every time I touch the link it opens back up our chat
That website says it a broken link (bad request)
Yea I understand i'm.just trying to make sure if I can use this link
The arrangement is supposed to happen today, if I could have the video link, or the call in number, so I could listen.
Ohh, I see, sending the long link is fine. We don't have the setting to send hyperlinks
after i fill the form from the  link that you gave me where do i send it to ?
Do you have a link that provides the forms needed to start the process?
FYI: I was searching and think I found the link. Please check it for me: https://iapps.courts.state.ny.us/nyscef/SpecialDocumentTransferHome?id=2
Everytime I click on the link you sent it doesn't load and it kicks me off.
I have copied all the links...Thank you so much for your help this evening!
when I looked under DYI I was brought to link to start filling in form. I would like to print for a later date.
and everywhere I have looked says she's gotta be 16 not 17 so I will have to look at your link.
I think so.. i assume these links will get me the asnwers Im looking for or closer
OK thank you I did call legal aid and they gave me this link so I thought I was speaking with someone from legal aid
Hi Nicole. I was just chatting with another agent and they had sent me several links when I lost the chat
Can’t read it because the link is bringing back to the chat room
No. She sent me links for general info on my matters including my rights and such but that was all I had gotten so far.
All.thise links bring me right back here.
Thank you so much for the links and the kind words! Have a good day and thank you for your time
Thanks for the legal referral, but do you have a link to the form?
I tried that link. It only gives me info on future court dates which I don't have.
Now this link is for a legal aid!? I am located in Shirley NY
Just tell me the correct link to file it please
No...but if you disconnect will I still be able to see our chat so I can write down a link?
still came through as one long link?
Where is the link? I'm sorry, I don't see it
I just would like you to tell me what link to press to access that list.
I am looking for the link to check the time for my court case please
OPK I'm on that link also thanks for your help
that first link told me page not found
I guess I'll call the 2nd link.
hi, i was speaking with Jane and the connection disconnected
Thank you so  much. I'll check the resource link and gather as much information as I can
The link isn't staying on when I try to examine it.
I will take a look at the link's you provided. Thanks
i have that already the link you sent. how would i send in the paper work
The link you guys gave me I can’t download
that first link was not about a nonpayment case though
I was in a chat a moment ago the connection fell
I looked at the first link and it says people 60 and older.
no, i've been given a couple of links to this site to get answers, but not getting any where. thank you any ways
sorry the page closed about the counterfeit bag, may I have the referral link please
And how can I keep this chat so that I.don't loose this link?
Website info please ... link puts me back to this one
Michael I tried to open those links and they won’t open
(Remember to send the contact information and the link to LHNY as well - see example from above)
Ok. But I don’t see how I can get this process started on that link
ok saw the typing thought maybe the connection broke
thank u but i wasn’t looking for links. i’m looking for yes or no and what the next step would be
Ok! I’ll read this and call LINK!  Thank you for your time, if unresolved, I’ll br back!  ENJOY UR 4TH!
So , I'm just need to choose 3 link above
That's unfortunate. I came to this chat from the link you just provided. It is not specific about which form to use.
ok i will check out the links, thanks for your help
I have the link but there are several different forms there, can you tell the exact names of the forms
ok i read both links , but i did not see particular forms. the hotline i am going into now
Thanks for those links. I'll take a look at them.
I need a link to find help with those forms
Okay thank you so much I will check out the link to see what I can do
Hopefully my mobile device has word compatibility. Yes, please send the link to the Adobe tool.
I lost the first link you gave me can you share it again? No sh one
I'm back. That link ends with "housin" Should I just add a "g"?
the exact language at the bottom of the webpage you gave the link to states
DONT repky I’m getting links
could you please send met he link
the link at bottom also worked, not sure if its same info under contents
The links provided were Instructions on how to go about apply for name change
No.  I want to file out everything online. I have no way of printing the forms link u sent
The request for letters link you set is good. Thank you for that.
That's the same link that brought me back to the law help page
I liked what I saw so far in the link. Thak u
The second link you gave goes to a "page that does not exist"
Ok great. Thank you. I am going to try the first link.
yes, i am looking through the links now. thank you for your help
Do you know if this is the correct DIY link? http://nycourts.gov/courthelp//DIY/consumerDebt.shtml
Could you please send me the second link once again if possible please?
the one you sent for housing is your web. Will that be good place to seek hlep
no, i don't think so. None of those links have helped at all.
Not at this time. I'll look at the links provide.
Please provide me a link or number to call as I moving and take my daughter out of state
No thank you :) but thank you so much for the links you have provided :)
Will this window close before l get the links
Got it. Yes, sometimes a link could be spelled wrong, but it is stull correctly hyperlinked
Oh ok let me see this new link
The first link you gave me wont work it says page not found
When I try to go-to the link the chat pops back up
i will try the link or give them a call, than you for your help
I think we were chatting a few minutes ago and I didn't get the link at the end. It disappeared too fast.
Thank you for your help. Soon. I'll check the links
Thank you. Can the last link provide some type of answer or is it the same where they only give more links?
i dont see a link to a form to be printed
I just texted with someone here who gave me link but I coud not open it
Please give me a moment to check that link
No thank you. I’m going to check out some of these links.
back to the FMLA - the link was more for PFL and that hasn't been used yet
No mark thank you I will refer to the links provided.
Ok I need a link for support modification
Ok I will do that. Use the link at the end of the line where it says go?
Thank you so very much. I would like those resource links please
or a web link showing me where I get the info from - I can't get a direct answer
But I’ll look up some info on that link you gave sir🙂
(but for a referral, send someone from Find a Lawyer link please)
Thank you. I will research the links above and find a way to solve my problem.
I realize that your last link wasn't to find court documents
I understand. I'll do that and consult the links you provided. Thank you!
The last link doesn't open it says not fiund
Yes. Do you have a durable power of attorney form or a link to one?
Do your office have a farm they can send to me so I can file please do not send me a link
That would be better, as it’ll contain hyperlinks
then call to find a lawyer or call the quadro link
Okay, thank you--I will read that link
hmmmmm, I'm not sure why it links me back then
Thank you. I have saved your links. I appreciate your help.
Okay I will follow the link and see what I can find out.
I need one for temporary custody also can I get it from the same link
Thank you. Could you please send me the link that you sent me earlier about how to fill out the forms. Thank you again.
I’ll look at the links and see what I need to do thank you for the help
I hope I find the info I need in the link you gave me. Thank you.
Yeah I already went to that link before I messaged you
Can I open a case on the link being that I’m in Ct
Is there a link I can go to for resources on free advice?
thank you. i may have to check with them. im not seeing anything on the last link that fits my situation
whats the direct website to this ? i was guided here thru links
Ok good. I had gone to a different page and thought  it could have dropped the connection. ..
(please send a link from the lawhelp site)
Ok.  the link brought back to ths same page.
The last two links don’t work
Ok thanks. I'll go thru the links.
Sorry, I saw the links that were just information and got concerned. Thanks again!
Ok i just checked that link out its saying a surrogates court is that the supreme court?
I was told it was on this site, but I cannot find an actual link to the form!
The 1st link test 2nd one no
I will use the links. I really appreciate the help
