Will this protect “my rights” for the time frame of 1 year and 90 days?
modification of previous order, not for custody or more support
A counter claim for time and emotional stress
Also NYS kept a portion of my Government stimulus that was not applied to my account
Will they also deal with the retaliation and discrimination? Or do I need another referral?
What does that mean 'orovides background legal information..'?
wouldnt accept drug tests i took bc they said i was on drugs
I’m not asking for legal advise I’m asking how the court system works. 2 different things but ok. Got it.
...I guess emotional distress would be categorized as "pain and suffering"....I am not sure
I need help applying for the covid-19 rental assistance.
Can you direct me on what form I can appeal the stimulus check?
Good Morning! I wanted to see if you had any recommendations or links regarding succession rights
I’m having issues when it comes to certain jobs when it comes to criminal background check
I am trying to figure out where my stimulus check will go
They pose a threat to my investment and are leaning my way
No problem. It's helpful to have a second set of eyes to confirm I'm not crazy.
as u can tell I’m ADD & Anxiety and literally shacking and panicking for 3 months
he never received his stimulus check and when he called they told him he wont be receiving it because he has arrears from dcas
I'm looking for help with my SNAP benefits care and how it was handled
Thanks. So, as long as my arrears are greater than $500 (which they are) - I should kiss goodbye to the stimulus check already?
I signed up to get alerts that the unified court system is open
Good afternoon I need help with COVID 19 issue in household, can you help
There are questions like have you been in contact with covid-19 no questions of high risk exposure
Specifically not following executive order 205 regarding travel and quarantine status because of Covid-19
Are people who receiving DSS/Snap/Temporarily Assistant will they receive the COVID19 Stimulus?
Thank you. I think ive tried most its ok.
Invasion of privacy at supportive housing an issue
My Kids tested positive for Codvid 19
I have tried them numerous times over the years.  They always tell me they are unable to advise me for pro bono help.
I would rather not... honestly I’m terrified
Gotcha. Ok great. This was very helpful. Now we’ll read all you sent and go from there unless you have any other advise
Ok thank you, so one more... I guess issue or concern
she threat me that she was going to do something bad to me very soon
I want to know if withholding her medication is illegal because I feel it’s a liability issue.
i just wanna know during this time what can be legal proof that this action was taken
Awesome! Yeah, that make's a lot of sense then. And that's all on the first list, right?
Father is majority caregiver, bathing, feeding, drs appts etc etc but mother does not want a custody order or courts involved
Cops tend to respond quickly so I think I'll be fine
i'm looking for information of whether I can change visitation for the non custodial parent if I give them advance notice, for just one date
Yes sir I received my first stimulus payment the same way to the same address I did not change anything it was a paper check
Great thank you. There are 2 choices and I made sure to click the enforcement. Not the modification
Yes but also want it to say durable
Ok I thought there was but thought it was the stimulus check could not be garnished.
i just don't know if there is judgment against me / if there was a residual / this really isn't my area of expertise!!!
sorry, no technical issue! I was just typing thanks
so anything you suggest, as aps, gal the legal aide, etc fails us.
he gets confused and worried and high levels of stress enhance that condition
Why is that out of curiosity? Are the for arrests or something specific like that?
I am afraid he will call the police again because he's hinting that I'm abusive  to My mom who has dementia
can u advise who i could possibly contact to see if he is in violation of any housing codes?
Thank you so much. He suffers from Bipolar and I do not trust him with my daughter unattended. especially after making those threats
both,  really have alot of questions.  Not sure how Mental warrants work etc.
is there job protection for someone on short term disability even when the FMLA runs out?
He is 11. Can they have her deemed incompetent without a competency hearing or evaluation?
Can I use my snap benefits in different states?
THe person who was given custodial rights is high-risk (in terms of Covid)
she thinks I’ll get a share regardless
I have a question on how long should it take to receive snap benefits after I applied
and should reconsider your profession. I am not asking for legal advise which you do not comprehend.
Poor prison conditions related to COVID-19 i.e. appropriate safety measures not being taken
What information would be pertinent to allow you to advise better?
Thank you. And I have not due to the fear of retaliation and his argumentative nature
Why do you think it sounds like a police matter?
I want to take a person to court about a kid i think thats mines what do i do?
I want to know IF there was or is FISA warrant on my home, American residence
I have a really old one, thats almost a decade old. Can I put no on the background check application ,about never being in trouble?
i think this would be criminal court? i don't know
sure . i already rated you 5 stars
ok. anything else? would they issue an amber alert
I think he said his name was Larry or Leon or something like that
it’s very stressful and I need to find a way to get this settled if it’s possible
you mean I will be able to check my case detail by this link, right?
not immediate but my granddaughter is scared of her because past instances
I am concerned with verbal abuse that could lead to getting physical. I thought about orders of protection.
I only find "modifcation" and "enforcement" online, which require existing order information on the DIY website. Please advise what I can use.
I believe they took the whole stimulus check
will this give me an idea for essential worker right during the covid-19
Now my stimulus payment was taken and I am about to receive unemployment. The actual order has ended in 2014 because my son turned 21
can I just object to all three findings of fact,money judgement and default judgement?
I turned this in to department of health and code enforcement no one will help
no. I was already on their sites...I thought this was part of their intake
i have not been able to stay there because i am scared to. what are my options for getting him out?
I'm not defending Amy Cooper's behavior, just wonder about the legality of Christian Cooper's behavior (filming someone against that person's will)
U would think a standard MOTION form would be used no?
I pay the rent..........and that's another issue that I would love some clarity on but the immediate one is the un secure apt
One more question when is the stimulus check going to come
Ok well if I type it out would do you think you would be able to help me with legal advise
Is emotional abuse on elderly people considered a crime in NYS?
I am seeking legal advice regarding this pandemic , Stimulus check PEBT benefits and pandemic assistance program
thank you take your time give me as many numbers as you have someones gotta be able to do something im scared
and if my client is on SNAP i assume he should bring proof of that to help with his modification
Which law office is the best to help me to get my stimulus check without more waiting? They are abusing their power !
Alright that's what I thought. It's been months and months.
Can the co-op board insist on collecting special assessment during this Covid-19 pandemic
I am actually looking for some legal advise but I am not sure if that would be here?
Well I want to pursuit a civil action
dr note said because of conditions in apt , may still be an issue but she guarantees me it safe , I made her mad
I understand we are also are protected further under covid.....thank you. We dont want to make this difficult.
do you mean piggyback the est control problem with the early lease term?
ok thank. do you know if with the stimulus checks can i request his be sent to me?
i already have a order with thr judge thay hes violated and i beliebe hes been using my idenrity for much longet than i thought
Can the co-op board insist on collecting special assessment during this Covid-19 pandemi
Can my landlord refuse servicing violations in my apartment if i have surveillance equipment in my home?
Absolutely. I believe it was some kind of defective machinery or some negligence that didnt check product quality control
just becaue it comes at you fast doesnt mean upset
The and case we had together was because she was smoking during pregnancy and my child tested positive on weed
__ I am facing or have faced hardship due to c19
He constantly calls me, shows up at my apartment, my work. I can't go anywhere without looking over my shoulder. He's been threatening me.
Thanks and be safe with your phone iPhone or Android
my main issue she mind to give me my stimulate check( my money)
I think that is it....I mean you cannot advise whether or not I should consult an attorney right?
I’m have a discrimination issue with my landlord, they’ve taken me to court . The harassment continues and I was recommended a
what a relief.... thank you...I was said so many things that generated fear and anxiety over all this.... thank you
I have major concerns as my niece is very immature and the friends family is also unstable
I would like to take legal action
would providing a doctors note from my fathers doctor help, stating all of his risk factors
Ah okay. well i will keep checking then.
How do I know if I am eligible to free legal advise?
company is called pioneer credit recovery
he told me to keep the pictures I took of my bruises and keep the menacing threats he sent via text and voice memos
We literally just changed primary care giver. it's not a brand new case
It had nothing to do with drugs or alcohol or violence  so why are they saying ineligible.
(pick a few which you think would help this person)
Also do you know of any covid consumer relief?
The harassment happens during times of court or  pickups  due to physically having to be around. The person is safe now.
They took my husband taxes and they will take my stimulus check but my son is 27 years old
This is thank you I will get started in my fact-checking. Have a great day!
Should they quarantine with me? Or should they monitor for symptoms while at dads during the week? They are not displaying symptoms.
Do you guys have legal aid that helps with criminal cases and cases against law enforcement for harassment?
No worries ... Just dont know where to turn to at this point.
Is there any information specifically developed for people affected by COVID19, or this is the standard?
The person who super vises how do I go about modifying that?
Ohhh good  I took snap shots copied and pasted but I'll do that also
You think they can help me im in depress need ?
What's a good resource for determining exactly which local office is best, based on where I'm located?
I took one of those alcohol breath test , comeback .18
W yes this is back child support and they took my stimulus check
i'm very scared because i don't know if i'm liable
How many times there are? I only know of default type and summary type
If i start losing  hours at work  can i collect partial unemployment  or do i have to use my vacation time
I think that's enough to get them started. Anything else?
3 people reported and no danger was their decision
My supervisor revealed my identity to coworkers about my covid test now I am being harassed by them do I have a legal case?
Just seeing what I can do in this situation cause she threatening me that she going to come with the cops
he would need special permission to pursuit it
I have a question regarding covid 19 and testing
I don't have adobe apps and other fancy-schmancy means of doing this.
Perhaps you can help me with a question about economic stimulus payment
I don't want advise thank you though.
I have no income no way to buy food & the one Income I had a stimulus check  they took as well
Not really, it says something about the stimulus check,  i was wondering if they will take it out of my unemployment money ?
I think that’s it, is that the only resource you’d recommend?
Ok thank you. I hope it will help. Anymore that you can recommend just in case this don’t work?
in particular, a physician's assistant who lives with a number of high risk people and who is herself high risk for covid-19
no worries, I am going to see if there is another way
They are all the same questions there is no question 2 to leave in for high-risk exposure
SORRY _ She HAS received letters from Equifax about choosing new credit monitoring and coverage. Sorry.
The other thing is that I am a diabetic and high risk covid-19 and afraid to go to the courthouse.
Can you help me with where should I check where is my court case and where to send the restraining order website?
They do not have the correct information and the took my hole stimulus. Check
I believe he's been telling our family that I'm dangerous bc they seem scared of me
Oh my god, extremely!!! It’s damaging the girls and setting their lives up for failure, trouble, stress, anxiety, etc!!!
Thank you very much..Also if I need legal advise for invasion of privacy within my property who do you recommend?
i'm wondering about high-risk medical personnel who are being forced to work right now
Do people who are receiving DSS/Snap/Medicade/Temporarily Assistant do they qualify for the COVID 19 Stimulus?
she has done drugs and drank lots of alcohol in the first trimester and she vapes nicotine and drings coffee everyday
*not showing any or limited professionalism. at least to ease my fears
I see... Yes in my case I have been only an upstanding father... The mother is the one that's unstable.
I'm confused. An apt is residential correct. Not commercial right
Perfect, meaning yes? Or are you checking? Thanks.
