Can I make direct payments or do I have to write out a check every week?
he says since building cannot get the subsidy for april may june...then me or family is now responsible for full rent 1,316
My supervisor advised me that they will not pay my full paycheck my next pay period, as I am unable to work more hours.
I was laid off from my job in March 2019.   I have not been paid all of my earnings from when I was employed.
I am not currently working so I am payong directly to the collection unit
i need help please ,i've 2 kids and i've cut out of my paycheck
I had a notice of non payment stuck on my door, it states that I have to go to the landlord-tenan clerks office.
Because I have to budget myself, would either give a free consultation?
that’s when she decided to put them on daycare and telling me I have to pay for it
of inspecting the neighbours and ours apartment, when we feel they are responsible for paying
destroyed property, loss of (minor) wages and emotional distress
AFTER they had already billed me and been paid for those months. Can they back-date the charges like that?
I cannot refund the person and if I had the money in my bank I WOULD
Thank you.  Have their been a lot of people concerned with their wage garnishment this year
like, the amount of backpay would be reduced to reflect the amount i should've been paying?
currently she is staying with father half the time half with the grandmother
Ok and i dont have to pay for it for a poor mans divorce?
but would they still hold me accountable every month
But the last time I was given the opp to pay 5 dollars for an estimate of services
i called a few lawyers a, they need retainers of 7500, 4500. U don't have any savings anymore. Started with 15,000.  ; now paycheck to paycheck
We cannot pay it in pul or even in half because we both were out of work and were very sick
I'm receiving SSDI as well and workers comp covers a portion of pension and the state pays the dofference
The question is basically. Do I have to accept a newly created job at half my usual pay?
they found that on past records but i dont know how i always paid on time.
we accumulated a ton of utility bill, they turned off the electric, took us months to pay those back bills etc
My childrens father only pays 42 dollars a week for 3 children
The landlord says the "only other" acceptable form of payment is one which adds a payment fee
I have a rent payee and I want to be my own rent payee. I draw SSI.
my sons dad has not been paying and hes mandated to
no I am looking for a list of homes that missed a payment
she was paying her via Western union or cash or cash apps
Seems all lawyers want money first . And I can't afford that. If a settlement is reached then I can pay
It's conflicting, because he filed the modification in Sept. The judgement was given in Nov.  he had till Dec. to pay.
I don't think there was enough said on the call to constitute a contract and I don't believe I should pay.
The thing is I already paid one I have been living here for decades
But im giving her cash and buying him things:
for 2.5 months- for the time of severance package
I don’t understand how unemployment works in relation to salary continuation.
I recently received letter from the Marshal about wage garnishment. I have less than 20days  to pay 6,000.
So I fell behind in paying my credit card and now Citibank  is  aueing me
We usually pay upfront in the beginning of the month 1,200
What form do I need to fill out to report that I am now unemployed and want to have my payments reduced?
if I have to pay in full and get reimbursed I can’t afford to pay it in full first
I don’t want to do it and I don’t want to pay
Dren and then spent thousands on a bat mitzvah party snd now he’s crying poverty to me
I paid for may and explained I would be surrendering the apartment july 1
If we furlough employee and they get UI and the $600.00 per week  can an employer pay them the difference to equal their paycheck?
Shes been living in a hotel paid for by Social Services
Not paying through the state on line checking Acct and up to date
I have been rewarded spousal maintenance and my ex has constantly been late and now is two months behind in payments
Calling expert pay, I think I made payments through them
Of course my ex has a million excuses for why he can't pay.
I now understand. Do they already know he didn't pay it, or will they find out in court.
Borrowers repayment action or assitance e plan
I was sick out of work paid. non issue.  My Mom being released, active infection paramount
I am low income I am currently only working part-time two days a week and yes it's in Niagara county
ineed lawyer for free to make a devorce
I want to know my laws about taking sick time when I have paid sick time.
I just need about 2 to 3 more months and it will be paid
Rent forgiveness for  3 months in reference to bill?
His father didn't paid all completely, and he have retroactive payments
I had a question about how much it would cost for my niece to be emancipated
thank you, and i would also be interested in how to find the sources of funding for those types of facilities
I am the provider for her. The father does not give anything money wise
If the is 21 * 21 am I still required to pay child support and what do you do to stop it
Yes I have lost my job and is on ei but is required to pay the same about due
I’m a filmmaker and need a lawyer to look at  an agreement
Can you give an example of what income is the cutoff and if so, what rate is charged if I don't make the cutoff?
He charged 16,000 dollars and I have paid 13,000
So there aren’t any services to help me, I cannot draft court papers and cannot represent myself in court;
also will this include j formation if they can charge for carpet cleaning on normal wear and tear form my deposit ?
is there a free service for that? i just started a new job and dont have any money yet.
Neither one of wants to pay thousands for a lawyer either.  Just assistance with the forms and filing procedures.
I'm willing  to pay for someone  to help me
It's not a payment  he is the one who takes care of my finances
Out of courtesy I paid April and may the section 8 portion
I will move out by the end of this month I paid this month already
And another thing . my job been shutdown for a month now and i havent been paying because i have no way to pay every week .
how much in minimum wage by 2020 in new york
I was able to partially refund him because Venmo has frozen my account and on top of that is holding half of my money
Every month she pay $100 $200
I dont think if i relocate after i paid for it, i get to take the tank with me
My sister loaned some money to a LLC that has 2 partners  .
He just pay $100 monthly. The lawyer said decrease to $25.
yes please. I want to make sure I don't get in a trouble for not being able to pay at the moment
What it means now can be filled? After you paid and after you filled out the form is something else you have to do?
They take out of my Pay check and i want to change my payments by sending money order
money paying her bills and stuff like that
I was stuck then as far as work went but have sense stopped working there in Jan and have salary employment starting Feb 2
oh got it. will i need any of his information such as financials or will he be required to provide that on his own?
my annual income falls between the 125%-187% guideline, do I qualify?
Am I required to search for jobs ( and maintain a job record) even though I am self employed?
i did the payment borrow money because freeze my account bank..
for expenses and medical, her current husband pays for them, she should disclose that, correct?
Yes. The other co-owner abandoned our coop for 2 years. Do I have Succession rights since I’m paying Maintenance by myself
the severance package they're offering is for 8 weeks pay.
Ok that's helpful. Thanks so much!
Well the city says one thing state says another I'm paying triple people I believe
should I mail it in and also do I get compensated for over payments
i want to run my sober household where I have paid to iive for them
im on disability and it’s impossible to pay the bills
Yes, My ex husband stopped paying court ordered maintenance
So basically I can't drive so I can't earn to pay them
Now SS wants almost 4,000 dollars in repayment
And sais i gotta pay it for a year
If the child does not reside with either parent, would both parents be required to pay the child support directly?
are filing answer.  improper service, wrong amount, amount already paid.
This pay is not wages due but my commissions on the sales I had completed.
I am also in need of a financial affidavit form
It is melissa the son is the one that wants the money
Is this lawyers free for low income families
I will call today in order to find out how I need to proceed to avoid a wage garnishment
I would like to know what is the income rate maximum for a public defender, for a family of 3?
Yes that day the judge ordered him to pay but he hasn’t
it's literally my ex now needs to pay me where as i was paying them before.
I need help accessing benefits to be able to keep food in my home
The monies paid to custodial parent get refund to me?
What are my financial obligations towards him in the state of New York
Divorce? Is my spouse required to keep me on his medical even though we’re separated?
To get information on a payday account and messages on Instagram
My client is incarcerated and wouldn't be able to pay any amount really
I am still being billed alot of money weekly and the amount has being going through the roof.
If I wait until the court hears my case, I will owe a lot. He pays $800/ month for her.
I have worked for a company and haven't got paid in 2017
Well...we are waiting on subpoena's from my ex's financials.
I've never worked and been on food stamps and welfare
he has never accepted that he has to pay me back and it is 3 1/2 years
I’m in need of legal assistance I cannot pay I’m wanted for petit larceny
I want to counter sue for my daughter that he only pay half for and I have her full time for three years
How can one go about sueing acs the agency even the court if one doesnt have money to pay for a lawyer
RecentlyNY changed from Echilds pay to Expert Pay
Her on the other hand is married she has income from her side and her husband and my obligations
what about if both parents make roughly the same income? how will they figure out the amounts
Job was completed in full and costumer paid cash
already paid but they want me to pay more money just to get out.
The follow up question to that would be: am I still required to continue paying child support?
they told me...that the landlord may try to assume because I paid April and may then..i am responsible for removing all items
How come I have to pay more deposits when old landlord has mine already. I have lived her for 12 years
I have no job even though I have been working and never been paid
Good afternoon my name is Diana carrasco how are you doing today question do you help out with financial assistance with paying a bank
I WAS ALWAYS ON TIME EVEN PAID IN ADVANCE
awesome thank you, there is also a non compete agreement involved
I don't have any money so I can't pay anyone
& last month had to pay 3K for a furnace
He pays $6.00 a week now since she's born in 2010
The raise would be almost 200 a week...they make almost the same money
basically she is only working a few hours a week and is home to care for her kids.  her husband pays all the expenses.
am i eligible for legal assistance based on aceratin salary?
my UI benefits have not been payed for 15+ weeks.  is there anyway to speed them up
and a extra deposit was paid upon reentry along with all the arrears
I might also add I'm almost 59 years old with health issues and have no history of non payment
Thanks! Also, after filled out the form how can I summit the form to the court if they are not open for nonessential cases?
Sale contract date was 5 weeks before he presented it to me
I need help in stopping wage garnishes
so only around 30 goes to paying my arrears
They could use the extra for bills and food
would the courts be able to tell him which months he didnt pay?
If im not able to pay and i am come back to court how many day more they give
Can I charge the subletter more than half the share of the apt? If so how much more?
so I already paid the $12 for full certificates
Want Make appointment to see juge for my payment modification
does a civil suit only deal with financial matters? im not interested in monetary gain, but
thay started payments 3 weeks later and now are questioning me about it but I'm still resiveing benefits
Also, an amount was paid to this account several months ago. I never paid any amount to this account
but they refuse claiming that they spent time on my case already
I assumed he didn't pay all the amount due
I have contract of sale looking to stop sale to negotiate a Short
Yes I paid all the repair cost and the price of the replacement engine
what do the poverty levels mean like when it shows 12,490 for family size of 1 does that mean ur yearly income?
my paycheck is being garnished from a hospital bill in 2014 when i had full insurance and was covered.  how can i get this stopped
Now Aetna reversed all the payments on 4/14/2020, stating they made an error as the coverage was not valid after 12/28/2019
i paid $300+ and got $100 or so back and want the rest, plus having to find a new bnb for another $300+
plus the penalty I paid around 1750
Hi there. Looking to get help understanding how salary continuation effects unemployment.
I am on Unemployment. I just need Half of $1779... I can pay the other hald.
The case is about the father of my 2 kids who os not paid the correct amount was designed by Judge
like, you know when you don't pay your cc bills, your credit takes a hit.  what impact does not paying your rent have?
i was required to quarantine on a protected leave and when I returned without notification I was already moved from salary to hourly
He Said i dont have money forever. Just stay ur house for free
VLA wanted money up front for their services. Will hofstra want the same ?
No I want to do a online so I can check and pay online
Plus I am not getting any proceed from the fully paid off house
Community center run daycare. Boss would like to close for safety reasons but worried about employees being paid.
Oh nice, I will give them a try. Thanks for your help today, very much appreicated!
can the owner of my park keep the star program check and subtract it from my monthly rent payment?
Is it Medicaid's right to take all remaining funds?
The Medical Commission said I am required an additional plastic surgery related to the crime
No.. my rent through covid has been paid in full.and on time
yes so harassment against me in the form of strong arming me for money so she  can pay her bills
No more payments are due and there are no back  arrears due.
where can i get help ..my wages set to be garnished for a bill tht is not mine
I really need to speak.with someone in regards to my payments !
I am a caretaker of family member with dementia. The SS notice of repayment slipped by me.
my wife and i can barely pay the property tax on from one year to the next
In completing  Small Estate DIY (Do-It-Yourself) Form, do I need to list bank accounts that are specifically titled POD (pay on death) under ASSETS?
The Temporary ORder said to pay through the CSU but I was living abroad and I didn't get it
I need a pro bono lawyer to help against food stamps
Yes right now how can he let know the court about he being unable to pay?
I was told they will charge a fee for a new appliance.  Is this legal without notice?
On work at home online business for someone else who refuse to pay wages as agreed
she received benefits for two weeks now - but now is being asked to certify for other weeks so she could be paid retroactively.
Hi, I’m being sued by Citibank and my wages can be garnished.
Is there a legal way that I must collect the funds?
HE IS NOT PAYING AND NO ONE BELIEVES ME AND NO ONE CHECKS
Yes 18,000 borrowed but it was never specified that I would pay him back
He wouldn't have me get an inspection said he would pay then said no flirted with me and he knew there was no water reader
can I say March 1st this is my last month and not pay seeing I already paid in the beginning?
He agreed to pay with help from the housing program but he hasn't paid at all
Fixed income bill started 2015
non payment of rent may to July with interest  I’m only one working wife not workjnt
Landlord said he would fix electrical & bug problems before I moved in and didn’t do it. I paid the electrician myself.
Now...gotta pay more? That person makes good money
I wanna know by law is the mother required to tell me where r daughter is living
my aunt has my kid and she want food stamp
I'm being suit by a credit card company I ran into some financial difficulty and was not able to pay them.
But I know his ex partner wont have a stomach when it comes to send him to court for not paying
she is 17 and has been up at her friends house for quite awhile and I want the money to go to her
Hi there,I would like to know if I can get help to pay my conedison bill and  what I need to do so.
Hi, I would like to get some information regarding Non-Competition agreements in NYC
Ok, so there is such thing as paying legal fees pendente lite for another party. Thanks for helping me to figure it out.
The calculation based on Mr. Rice’s income is right.
I want to file bankruptcy but I don't have any money to pay a lawyer, let alone the bills I stopped paying.
my ex husband stopped paying court ordered maintenance
Good afternoon, could you tell me what the Upstate New York minimum wage will be in 2021?
he works for clients, they pay him.  He's construction worker
Try to a appointment to lower payment the case is in bronx
Yes, he said I have a medical lien, but the lien was related to this case treatment. He supposed paid already but he did not.
i picked up my daughter in may of this year and shes still with me and i didnt pay all this months
Does he have any right to hold my deposit if money is old all the work was supposed be done prior to paying monthly rent
If the "Date" is past the 2 weeks, Am I obligated to pay him back my percentage if he is breaking the agreement?
I really wish I their my payments was so up to date until I got deport
The rent was caught up then before I could pay September I stopped.working September 20 in a car accident
Hi I. Any pay ny rent due to corona virus and also I got shingles in March 13-2020
It just seems neglectful to not even change one thing and expect 5 year olds to pay attention (while getting screamed at)
They are.  I checked before contacting you.  In fact, it is required.  I am just trying to ascertain what all is included in an estate.
ok I have been working 1 day and 3 weeks and have not been paid
i need my money to pay bill and my med tretment
Definitely! and forced us to pay for interpreting!
Can they force me to go back to work and if so...what kinda pay could I ecpect?
My wife didn’t pay me maintenance that the court order to pay me over 4 months
I dont have the money to pay a lawyer  me and my husband are on social security
financial aid for school?  I'm not in school
it was stay away order that was change do not harassed order plus he has to pay fine  this all happen in July
Also we own a local coffee shop of which she has refused to pay for hours of labor on for 3-4 weeks
she is not being paid industry standard for her work or ofered benefits
Cause I went to court n the person said she was gonna pay me but she never said when
I'm more than willing to pay, but I don't have that amount
Sorry I forgot to mention payments were being made but not in full
I'm sure they don't have them now, I just want the money back that I paid for my things
Yes it's paid in full I checked with the bank
How can I apply for emergency food stamps online
We paid the town directly for the water bill though
I was awarded a judgment in my divorce. My ex-wife hasn't  paid any monies. What do I do to get my monies?
But it doesn't list the Upstate minimum wage
I was tricked into a  Title IV-D contract so the state can make money off this scam
Yes..and last year she charge him for months a vets organization had paid
yes I did naussu county and when I got both letters each month I paid them so far $400
At said hearing, my ex was ordered to continue paying alimony according to the original agreement and we are adjourned until October 1.
Yes -- both on the specifics of quarantining and more details on the moratorium on paying rent. If this is beyond your purview, I'll understand.
Please explain how I can get a subpoena for these financials.
I don't know if Im considered a low wage worker though
1. I have paid 95 dollars to research any bench warrant or judgement ( because his assets were frozen ).
pay within 14 days or leave the apt
I’m sorry, the typos!  He WAS ordered to pay alimony in the divorce.
Pension not to be received until I am 67yo.  I am currently 61yo
My question is now. Why do I need to pay a brokers fee if I spoke to the landlord directly with no real estate?
my landlord also said that she is an equal cotenant to me as she was processed by them and pays them directly
would u be able to help me find an attorney for wage garnishing
And the payment plan would be to pay off the arrears?
im paying 371 every 2 weeks my checkis about 400$
For a medical insurance it was court ordered it's taking money off my paycheks
i can pay going forward, but i need help with a few months i missed
Ok thank you...do I have to pay or is free.
is it factual that a parent is required to do for each child equally eg. pays for extracurricular activities, buys clothing, pays for traveling
Okay thank you again and just to ask that's the only thing I could do to get the payment lowered for now
One of them yes and I still paying the same amount
I stop paying as soon as they left the house
I don't have any finances avalibe I pay all the bills.
woudl I be penilized if I dont pay until the court day on 6/13 IF the keep charging me?
Ok, if we work with a mediator will she be legally obligated to uphold the agreement?
Is there a petition I can file in court to stop the equitable distribution pension payments to my ex-wife?
All my kids are over 21 yrs old married with kids. I barely make ends meet. Do i have to pay the arears?
I am currently supporting her financially and am responsible for her cost of living.
verbally & physically abusing him...Please & thank you for your time...will it cost him much money
I need my case reviewed. The judge made a judgement against me to pay more than my yearly imcome.
On Monday it makes a month that didn’t pay me for the hours I worked
oh i have law.org to they show free and pay
I never had a reduction in staff to lead to me have to change salary status.
why is minimun wage more in new york city
Do you know if the income guideline is for current income or the past plus current months income?
How can I be his administrator? I can’t pay his rent, and utilities. How do I get this done from afar?
I had already paid them to file the estate but they never filed it
I signed a stipulation for late rent payment.
and if I do not do that, I am not entitled to any of the money my mother's been paid since I moved out, correct?
I found someone to take the space and they were approved by the landlord and paid their fee, but then withdrew at the last minute.
however , he has never paid room & board.
all i find is they can not shut off. please pay 1600.00 more dollars . that is total not right .this is insain?
If the heat still not on I will take some move. For the hard season we work hard to pay. we deserve better.
Now he is holding our deposit instead of mailing it when it comes and letting us pay it at that time
I used the security back in March 2015 now he wants it paid back
Ok one last Q:  If I do receive UI, does my employer pay for 1/2 of the UI? How does that work?
What are her other rights?  i.e. getting her last 18 months rent back?  Getting all her deposits and fees back?
He was court ordered to place funds in UTMA account for college
He also has to pay retroactive from her date of birth 4/5/2020 his payments would start in Jan
i want to know how mucho they will pay In 2020 for more the 11 people
yes, it was late, but paid in full before court date.
Like it would be the same as selling it to someone els which is what I would have to do
He is engaged and has a 6 month old and his finance is 4 months pregnant
Thank you so much.   Yes, my employment ended June 11 and WARN pay began on June 12.
I am ordered to pay what I call a ransom demand
My work is closing operations until further notice due to covid-19, what are my rights in regards of salary pay?
Wanted to know if small businesses with 10 ppl are required to reinstate the people they’ve laid off due to covid ?
but im done wasting my time i cant stand seeing courts and not getting what so many judges he suppose to pay
And i know a lawyer will cost a fortune in the US.
I want to give a notice  to quit or pay. I wanted to know how long in advance does the need to be given.
Is there another form that says income instead of wages?   Can one just submit paystubs?
If so the shareholders who are not on SCre may have to absorb there cost
I am paying 29% of my salary for my first 3 kids
Yes because we paid 4 months where a least was in place his rent was being paid by a organization that help vets.
Can courts order noncustodial parent to pay part of daycare and medical insurance?
Hello are you there? how can I get my money back, can any one help me?
I have a 3 year old ..some weeks i will not get paid and have to wait on the following  week
Are these help free of charge? Being a needy person I won't be able to pay.
and does the fact that I have sole custody and he has no overnights play into the amount he pays
Which form do I need to complete for a violation in paying for medical expenses, as dictated by the divorce agreement
I want to know the information how to do will, I am laid off right know, Thats not going to cost me alot of money.
between me and my wife we make over hundred thousand and the court in the first they want me paid 558.00 dollars weekly
DMV ceased the car which I paid 15K for
what if he reduced his hours so he could be home after school and not need to pay a sitter?
A sales agent  in a car dealership misled me to extract lumpsome money fr. me
trying to be independent and pay my own bills without any free help
He had blood pressure of 180/110 last week
I have paid through an online source give me one second to check
I want to settle the debt before reaching  a court judgment
The decree requires him to pay half medical expenses and keep the girls insured.  I have had to cover all the medical expenses.
Looking for legal help for divorce in my area. I have no money his father paid for his lawyer.
except For it’s your problem now....on a car I payed 30k$ for an now needs a engine
so does this mean they will continue to take the extra out for however long the pandemic goes on
The company freelotto  is not paying  my yearly instalment
no court date or no date of when it’s supposed to be paid.
That's  the problem. I called them .But they keep saying that I have to pay in full
he told me that they went to bills....just not the one I wanted it to go to
I just want to know if this case will be accepted, so do I have to pay anything
And not get bitten in the ass years later from any payments
I have been out of a job for a year now and he only paid 1 months rent/bills.
In that time, I also found an apartment for myself and paid a deposit
I need help finding how to go about collection on a defaulted contract
If I understand correctly the money from my husband should just be considered income.
Finding my friend some extra money would be great. But nothing else other wise. Bye
I don't have any income, so I don't know how I could pay for 1
ok...my ins that was in my wives name only paid out 50k and my bills as of today are over 480k
But is nt it ny that taking the money or it pa?
Yes please. I believe she has extorted me cause im disabled and she became my rep payee
They ordered me to pay 482 for 3 kids so now that one is 21 and not in school how can I get it reduced
Well how am i supposed to pay if i got laid off. And trump just said it is being shut down for another month.
Does he have to pay a lump sum for the back amount?
I'm on unemployment and SNAP at the time, just paid bills so I won't be able to pay the $220 fee on time.
My sister is being harassed by thr businsss office about paying a bill.
Because he will have to give back the money to the city, right?
i think he stopped paying because he said kids dont need as much because of pandemic
I don’t have money to pay the debt does the court help me make payment arrangements with the debtor
No thank you im ex disable vet so its kind of hard to pay those expanses so ill have to read everything my self
I would like to know if im being overcharged in rent.
Notice of termination with no pay for two weeks
finally I called him and he said we're not paying enough and asked me how much more I am willing to pay
Maybe I should just apply for PUA for the entire period and then payback the Unemployment insurance voluntarily? I don't know.
basterdization law, paying for college, divorce is 6yrs. Old. With very little visitation yet required to pay
she gets paid partial cash and part check. also recieving monthly bonuses.
Yes do I just put a price on it then put the money in his estate account? And thank u
What will the new spouses' income determine? My wife makes double my salary, which will offset the households quite a bit.
It's to much just for a couple days delay payment
if i can't affort dollars that means no justice ?
I have a student loan that is in debt collection.  I need help paying off the debt.  I can't get my transcript until I do.
Could I arrange payment plans to have a  enchilada warrant lifted
With this situation. Do we have law for the heat cutting days refund?
I pull thousands each month to make the rent & bills.
Hello, I have a son in prison and I am Chilean and I want to send him money so he can call
he was behind 7 month and he was order to pay about maybe 2 months on retroactive
Well the trump administration cut my husband desablities, and on top of that they want him to pay $64K
No need for the information of organizations geared towards low income individuals
once I get back on payroll it would be automatically paid to her
notice of petition non payment dwelling
my husband spent all my social security money! Even though I said he could use it fot 1 week
I did mentioned the unemployment about the training days in my weekly claims
We have been paying for about 4 years now and circumstances have changed.
Would it cost a lot of money? I'm on SSI and do not have employment.
Ok. I need help asap.  I have been paying my rent since entering rehab in march.
I was referred by legal aid I won't pay for anything so if I have to them it ends now
I called the bank and the dealership to inform them. in April before my due date to pay my 1st month on 4/20
i want his mother to pay me now that he lives in GA
i hot this threatening letter and so far I paid them $400
It's my understanding that COVID has nothing to do with holdover. Only non payment?
And now because of covic 19 I’m not working and I have bills to pay and our son under my responsibility
If my mother is not the one receiving the back pay, why is she required to go to court?
I just got finished with a long drawn out battle and paid a lawyer large sums of money
Yes.  He says he will pay me when he can.   Yet he is still expanding the business.
Correct. Information on divorce. And how the lawyers would be paid. Intervals, etc.
My question is, is it legal to change the schedule without contacting the court and getting it on paper, so to speak?
My friend and I get along actually we been paying the bills for a year
but they took me to cour not for repairs , they took me for non payment
No. My son is 23 and there was no money paid extra for him
i showed them in their office i paid medicare each month
the originally scheduled date on the letter Monday April 27 2020
Also information on a pay pay account
Yes, I calculated it and it's about $60 more than what I've been paying
My son is 18 and I want the payments to go directly to him
Threatening and  put in Physical harms way. And it is for a Volunteer firefighter nonprofit organization. And not for pay employer.
But claims the laws says she doesn’t need to pay
she expressed to me that her employer doesn't pay her any sick days
right now in our agreement, he has to agree to all decision making. He always says he never agreed, so he doesn't have to pay.
I meant to say paying bills to the bank
Questions as in am I mandated to pay this fee , can I be evicted over 500.00 ?
The new location would significantly reduce my ability to make more sales and therefore commission.
Also, if by doing so, would I have any financial obligations to bills she might owe?
is there a length of time of a marriage of 4 years in which alimony could be paid?
im being sued by Citibank and my wages are in danger of being garnished.
If the non custodial father pays 17%. What is the custodial parents financial part?  She makes almost as much as he does.
and i did than that man call me and said that they put an demand on me
I would like to they make me a plan payment
Pay. But 1 payment and that was on my hearing date. 6 mnths ago
now they want my card information to pay for everything and anything "related" for future appointments if needed
Yes. Hi Franklin. Do you know if custody agreements are available to view online?
i am also on public assistance do I still have to pay that amount?
I didn't get paid for the month of October and Sept
he pays whenever he wants sometimes he takes 3-4 weeks to pay
Years. He is on paid leave from his employer to because I have a Wage Garnishment Order also
he is behind on medical reimbursement for February (by probably $200)
but they can modify future and make him pay less ?
I'm researching how to get someone to honor their obligations without taking them to court.
yes please if its not gonna cost money.
i went to court and was told what I was ordered to pay
Rent stabilized ,I thank ,I receive section 8, they pay some and I pay some
I am contributing 240 dollars for my two daughters from the Dominican Republic
Can I use this loan to also pay my landlord ?
I live in Florida and if I am required to show up in person might cost more than attorney.
My spouse didn’t pay me the money the Corte ordered to pay for almost 4 months.
They frozen my account and I can’t take my funds out to my bank or any other way
I wanted to make sure since I’m paying my obligations
We pay 850$ a month for well water that is black and chunky
i want to make my payments by money order
Per the agreement I am allowed to gather items but I wanted them approved first
Can I get one appointed to me for free or one that can make him pay for my representation.
its been a few years since divorce.  i went to court to start process because i have not been getting steady pay from the ex.
Thank you soo, soo, soo very much.
my daughter turned 21 in oktober and I stopped receiving money
If I make full payment for any arrears.. How long will it take for garnishment to stop?
The petition states that debts and expenses must be paid prior to filing. What is an example of debts?
Actually I want to know  is that possible to increase minimum wage in 2021 in the New York City ?
he collects SSI and he pays more than half to the collector,.  how can he strop paying this    he has to June toend it
An affidavit of service is required to be filled out and the questions asked at the door?
Please help me with food I cannot go get food
we would like to have a baby, and that would be fine if mom paid the $685. but she doesn't.
Ok, so that would hopefully help from having to pay additional back payments?
It is only 67 dolares  a week, can you imagine ? he dont paid this
I have statements from other employees stating they have also been given bad checks and not been paid.
I dont know about their term or agreement, I only know I paid for nothing.
hi , actually in this financial hardship situation i am unable to pay past dues and further payment so what i should do??
I have question on my rights as being a salary employee laid off, and when i return can my employer cut my salary legally
It's union job which is why they have this 2 week orientation before you get hired to work for them
thank you its fine i guess maybe he will pay again when pandemic ends
and i would be required to pay her child support as if the child lives with her full time ?
I just need to know who to make the restitution payment payable to?
the biological father said my son should go be a essential worker and he is not paying no more
No need they never help nor do they care about me unless I im paying for one which im not
I’m looking for information/clarification regarding unemployment and what work I’m required to take from my emolo
but is any way to stop my payments before final court order ?
Though he wanted to not go through the courts but since he started paying me he missed 3 weeks.
Good morning, I was terminated from a job 5/29/2020 and still have yet to get paid for the last week I worked.
I pay someone to make me something and they didn’t make it
I owned  Lanlord past due month
Of course like I was saying do you guys help out with paying the bank the bills
It feels like I'm paying for something else
I noticed on your website unpaid bills can be up to 6 years old.
But,my employer contacted the DOL and the DOL,is saying that I have to pay the benefits I received back
then judge order father to pay 50 a week and didnt put it in order
and he wants to get this out of the way and pay what he is supposed to pay
Plaintiff claims that certain moneys were not paid to him.
But not the previous money he was ordered to pay by 12/7
the payment is withheld directly from my check. my son turns 18 on September 9. they can send the money to him
his order was deined but it does not say when he needs to pay.
I never missed a payment but it seems that no one cares...
I Need Probono / free / He is a senior and is on a fix income
I have been sending my daughters mother money directly
you mean annual income from the year 2019?
Even though they want the key for the paycheck?
Hello, my question is would I e-file an In Rem Motion for surplus funds?
it was a bad decision product doesn’t print only template boxes and bank denied refund
I was awardes spousal maintenance and they haven't paid in two months
in 2021 will it automatically go to 17% of gross income?
I have done the math , with FEE payments alone I would have paid off all arrears .
Bi-weekly payments that have been coming directly out of my paycheck. My employer has been paying them.
Judge ruled for all back payment to be paid by Dec 7th. My ex did not pay
I'm being evicted for non payment but there's reason for it.
They just paid me today for the wages they illegally docked 2 pay cycles ago (bi-weekly).
Good afternoon, I'm a union member and I am interested in drawing a will.
