I'm not working at the moment,,,and child support wants me to pay a balance of $43,327.37,,,I don't know how's that possible
I currerntly pay support for both of my sons, however my oldest son is living with me but I am stillpaying child support tohis other
Yes, he has not paid child support since Dec 2019 and hes backed up over $32,000
Yes he's paying child support as of right now
I pay my child support up to date I need prove of payment
I have a child support case appearing on 2/24. I filed for non-payment and my ex counter filed for support reduction.
but, my ex does still pay child support
He is claiming that I made more $ than he did the last two years and he over paid the child support.
i have continue paying child support throughout this time as well
We were never married . I earn about $82,000 / year and he earns over $200,000 /year. How much child support should I be getting ?
iipay support but kid is in collage x left 2nd man and on to 3rd why do i have to keep paying full support
just spoke with the child support enforcement unit. It appears the non custodial parent employer has been inconsistent with payment
so i receive maintenance from my ex, i pay child support. he automatically deducts child support from maintenance as agreed in stipulation
ex spouse has not paid child support expenses
My ex-husband stop paying child support as of October 2020
I already have a court order for child support how can I have payment go through child support unit ?
in the case that he does take me to court and I have to pay child support will they take inconsideration what I have paid?
My daughter is now 21 and no longer need to pay child support for her
Child support took my STIMULAS CHECK TO PAY MY HUSBANDS CHILD SUPPORT OBLIGATION
Is not paying child support a violation of parole ?
what if my child is already receiving 2 checks, do I still have to pay child support?
He has paid no child support for approximately 2 years.
i need help getting a free laywer to represenr me st court my ex is not paying court ordered child support
I been paying child support for my son who has been locked up for 3years
My son is always with me. We made decisions together and he paid rent as child support. It was our agreement.
his father rarely can be bothered to see him and hasn't paid child support in years
I've been charged for child support since march every week  without me working
ok thanks..i have another child support case where the father hasnt paid me
he has not paid child support for the last 3 weeks
hido the corona vrus i cant pay my child support what should i do
I just want to know how can I get more money for my child he only pays right it 47$
I have child support but he hasn't paid it since 2016
My husband pays everything for his daughter, including health insurance, doctor co pays, therapy, childcare.
In this caae i would pay for child support since they have already given me a first appearance
My ex has paid monthly ins as agreed for our kids since 2017
What can I do about  paying child support in not working right now
Divorce is pending. I have to pay child support but is from jobs I don't have any more.
He pays child support but not sure if it falls under a support violation?
Because we don't have a child support order in please he has been paying the rent up until last month
yes and she was paying child support and then it stopped.. its been 9 months since the last pay
The residential parent is not supporting the child over 18 under 21.
theres a program that help pay child support
The child is 21 and just started college. Do I continue to pay child support?
I didnt see my kids should i continue to pay child support for this month
my sons father has NOT paid any kind of child support and I need the help
Me and my Ex-wife are divorced for 10 years and all this time I am paying child support on time.
My ex hasn't given me child support in over 2 weeks
my sons father hasn’t paid child support for a year how do u go about it
I have two children with my ex husband he currently pays $50 each child per month child support
If my son is 18 no longer in school, and works a full time job.  Am I still legally responsible for paying child support
I pay child support to my son's father, my son is turning 21 on 4/13. Will my order be terminated authomatically?
next month unemployment Money will stop So I’m worried how could I pay the child support
If two children are on the judgment one now lives with the other parent, is the noncustodial parent have to pay also?
I wasn't paying child support for 7 months, so the child support payments went from 0 to $872
of im already married to this person and they already paid child support can another man take me to court?
How do I file for child support ? My daughter moved back in with me on 8/31/20 and her father refuses to pay child support
If paying child support and the child becomes emancipated under New York law and is not reported who is responsible for overpayment.
Was made to pay child support prior to that when paternity was establiched.
because the grandmother has custody and she’s the one I pay child support
I filed for non payment of child support
He claims his income has decreased .. though he has been paying child support during his decreased employment. I suspect from his mother's money.
I am paying 3 children on child support
My sons father did not pay child support for the month of April. What can I do?
Over 10 years. I dont know the child
The noncustodial parent is not paying his child support payments and is in arrears
can a person pay child support without their parental rights
im the father who is paying the child support
My child's  father is already paying child support for another child how does this affect my son's child support when I file
How is child support will calculated only salary of both parents and savings?
The first i am already paying $101/week How much will i have to pay for my 2nd child. Another 17%
as well as non custodial parent not paying child support
Will the fact that he doesn't pay his child support play into any of this?
seems that on the original order there was a child daycare cost which my son hasn't needed a daycare in over 4 years
I have a I pay child support at the moment but I had costady of the child since 8/6/19
I already have an established child support payment , in need it to go through child support unit .
My father's son has not talked to him or seen him in 3 years and hasn't paid child support in 10 months
I pay child support for 2 children which are now over 21 years old
My ex was ordered to pay back support by Dec. 7 .. he ignored this order
I get lay-off how can I pay my child support
If the non custodial parent is receiving social security disability as their only income are they exempt from paying child support
Hi I pay child support minus half of the childrens health care cost as our agreement says we share that cost
I'm unable to pay my child support
If the combined income is significantly more than 148K and the non custodial spouse only wants to pay net cap
Can a family member like an aunt claim guardianship to get the dad to help pay support for 19 yo?
My son had turned 21 in November his father wants but pay from November 15 till now
My company just issued a reduction in everyone's salary. So I need to reduce my child support accordingly. Next payment will be issued March 31st.
ok. but i belive papers where already filed for child support. stating he has to pay 445 bi weekly
The mother of my son doenst want to let me see him and I pay child support
I am paying child support but I have an arrear.  Unfortunately, CSU has the wrong amount shown on the arrears reconciliation
I got divorced in 2012 my ex husband was ordered to pay child support. He paid 4x and then disappeared. What can i do?
I avoided going through my working company because I pay personally for my children through child support online
Now, her husband told her he doesnt want to pay for child support
I receive chil support, can i claim the father to pay for have of the child care expences
I’m paying child support from the unemployment
I have a question. If my daughter is 16 and is having a baby. I’m I still responsible to pay child support?
The father of my kids isn’t paying child support what should I do
My question is how do I go about violating someone that hasn't paid child support  going on 2 years now
i pay for there school there colothes there school supplies she pays nothing and still recieves chold support
My ex seems to have won a case against the doe. He hasn't paid his child support order though
accding to shared custody agreement we were suppose to pay our own expenses no child support but now situation is different
My husband abandoned me and our son,  I want him to pay child support at least What can I do ?
i pay this directly to child care should I continue to pay it?
One of the orders changed to allow me to claim both children on my taxes due to father being unemployed and unable to pay support
I need the form for child support violation order for pay medical bills
the non custodial parent is not paying the new child support amount that was ordered back in February 2020
My daughter turns 21 on 01/31/2021, would I still be abligated to pay child support?
yes & also once he signs over his rights he wont have to pay child support correct?
My daughter's father is on parole and he has vistation but hasn't paid child suport
Back child support yes paid a total of 72,000 from 97- present day
But since March of this year, I have been paying child care and the kids have been home
Do a parent pay support for a child that does not live with the other parent even if 18
What about ignoring the court order to pay all back support by Dec 7? What are his consiquences
i have two kids and I pay child support every month without a issue
i olso got injurie on my jobs no way for me to keep paying child support with working
My son just went back to work after 5 months lay-off and his child support was increased from 300.00 to 400.00 how can he appleal?
I’m a mother of three teenagers and I pay child support weekly and I have not been working since March
Im paying childsupport and she is not supporting my son.
Good afternoon. Where can I find information on how much my child's father will need to pay in child support?
My son is over 21 years old, why am I still paying child support?
I have a court ordered child support case bc my girlfriend had been receiving benefits from HRA.
She is the custodial parent and currently pay child supprt as the non custodian parent
How do I get my child support payments to come directly out of my ex husband  ssd
I have custody for my kids since September 4/2020 still know I pay child support money I need to file stop ORDER TO SHOW COUSE
The father of my kids is not paying the child support
My ex husband stopped paying for alimony for 8 months now
If the non custodial parent receives social security disability as their only income are they exempt from paying child support
Is there a petition when I have a hardship paying child support
Hi my ex husband isn’t paying my child support
My oldest child turned 21 in August, n I'm still paying support
he's in contempt of court for not paying a portion of the child support
I paid for our daughter school, have statements from a bank and her school. They were deducting directly from my bank account.
we are already legally divorced...and he is employed...he is just chosing not to pay me support. it is willful.
Okay I’m looking for a child support payment that was paid in July that I never got
do I as a non custodian parent still responsible for child support from public asst even if he's a emanicated child under 21
I pay child support for my daughter yes
I PAY CHILD SUPPORT 2 SOMEONE WHOM SHE HASN'T  LIVED W/ N 2 YRS AND SHE WORKS
I have been out worker since 9-30-19 judge order to pay $25 a month of child support for 2 different cases
I need documentation that I’m paying my child support
Well I've already gave up rights a long time ago and now I'm terminating child support cause I already paid what judge wanted
I need advice on the child support im paying out of my ssi check
I have a legal question concerning child support that I am to pay
so I pay $499 and my child support go up every-time I dint pay can they stop it until I go bs k to work
good morning I pay child support and I need help
How are is child support calculated when the non custodial party is self employed and does not get a pay check?
My divorce has already been finalized. Dad has not paid me support and is behind a few payments
I pay child support but cant see my child
IF SOMEONE PAYS CHILD SUPPORT  UP TILL THE CHILD TURNED 21 BUT DID NOT EMANCIPATE THE CHILD DO THEY STILL HAVE TO PAY
If my ex is using his mother's money, which he has poa over her estate, to pay for his life, is that money considered income?
now my youngest wants to come im paying child suppot for 3 children and 2 of the 3 want to live with me
Father of my children is not paying child support
What is my first step in getting the child support enforced and paid?
if I do have to pay child support for her will the take inconsideration I have two other children in the house hold
I am currently paying child support to   custodian parent and currently supporting my daughter  financially and am responsible for her cost of living.
Can I sue the court for not pushing him to  pay his support because this is been going on for over 19 years?
my ex has not paid child support in about 6 years per our court agreement
do you have to pay to put your child in voulentary placement
I am a non-custodial parent that I pay child support on
What should I do if my income is changed and I need to pay child support? I tried to reach court but it was useless.
Hi, my ex husband has decided not pay court ordered child support. What should I do ??
Lower my support payment for child over 21
I am on assistance and do not have much money. My husband is divorcing me and refuses to pay support regularly for his two kids
The only person that really suffers is my son. I really need that money to support him
The problem is my ex been violating the visitation & parenting time. Also never paid full of his child care responsibility.
Up to what age is a law in NYC to pay child support?
My son he's 18 almost 19 and he don't want to I continue giving him  child support
We agree on everything with our 2 kids. I will keep them an he pays child support..
I’m a dad who pays 400 a month to my child’s mother and wants to get court orders child support
In this instance it this considered child support then. He does pay his child support, but I thought the insurance was a separate entity.
