want to know whats the right document I have to file
sorry. I called someone they said i can upload documents onto the website
Ok, plus I did send it the copy of chat
I understand the building is closed but how would I obtain copies for my legal records ?
Oh, darn. Oh well, I copied it all already
How can I get a copy of my child support order
Nothing is coming up in my email. PLease give me a moment, and I'll see if I can block copy this
Is my sibling allowed to go into my phone take screenshots of my messages without consent and black mail me with them ?
Or should I upload as a word doc so youcan verify, correct? lol
i was on that page i need like a youtube video to guide me
How would I go about getting a copy a court order
I have had previous orders and need to know the fastest ways to get copies
Okay thank you.  so the affidavit will only be one copy to the court?
they are following us with a thermal camera that has a laser
I don't have an envelop in the top right hand window for me to get a copy via e-mail
i just would like to know how to obtain a copy of my child support order
I work as a Paralegal and I want to know if I can obtain a certified copy of an order?
1. How can I go about getting a copy of my child support order
This site does not see to be up? Please see the attached screenshot. Does it work in your browser?
Hello, I am looking to get a copy of my original support order
Hi. I have completed my petition for modification. How do I upload it onto the NYFC site so it has been filed with the court?
he also needs to look at the order of protection and was going to ask for a copy from court
it opens as a microsoft office document and i have to type it up myself
No, thank you. Will this page stay up, while I copy your responses?
Yes I just need to be able to download the forms needed and I can take it from ther e
The court sent me a PDF file with the financial affidavit on it
ok great, well the document has been uploaded
How can I obtain a copy of a child support order
Hey how did you email me a copy of this without my email address? Could you please? slehrgott@gmail.com
how do I make a copy on my computor, I dont know how. yes I would.
are you able to tell me where I can obtain a copy of my support order in Suffolk county ?
Hi. How can I get a copy of a final child support order?
i would like to obtain a copy of my child support order
Ok.. Which one do I use to directly upload it?
Ok thank you.  So there is no where he can go to get a copy of the original support order?
I'm in need of a court order to keep an infringing video from being available online.
Thank you so much.. This information was most helpful. Is there a way I can have a copy of this conversation?
There is already an order.  I am just trying to obtain a copy of that order for financial reasons.
the order was from about ten years ago and i need a copy as i lost the original.
HI I was just on with Jordan and was disconnected -- is there a way to reconnect? I did not copy the info shared!
How do I go about getting a copy of a court order? I never received a copy after my last hearing.
i need to get a copy of order of protection
Documents on my computor Ive never done this I made a copy.
How can I reach the court to get a copy of the will. I am in Virginia Beach, Virginia
copy. I will go to that web and look for help. Thanks so much
how can I download  the child  support  modification form?
My younger children let them in and the took the pictures and posted house and photos on Zillow
how do i get a copy of a court order while the court is closed.
I need to know what forms do download for #1, emergency modification of child support.  And #2, constructive emancipation.
I took a screenshot so i have it saved on my phone. Yes, I'm going to pursue this
How can I upload a photo to the child support website
And do I get a copy of the original judge order back from 2003?
yes I need to know where can I find a way to have a copy or my process
We have misplaced our copy and need proof to see our son.
Hi, im trying to upload my order for child support can help me
I click on copy and it did not make me a copy for some reason
okay. I would like to upload that one
Yes. How do I get a copy of a support order?
I already have a support order in place, how would I get a copy of it?
I was just on and received informantion, when I went to print it I lost it,   YES
So I just fill out the CS 4-11, save it as a pdf and then upload to EDDS
I just need to know if I have to put the date and hour of the screenshots but never mind. Helpless you all
How did u know I was looking to copy thanks again
All I want to know is where on the site do I go to start a support modification and upload my paperwork ?
i dont have my papers with me to send an attachment of a copy
Ok. Kool. I can upload on this site as well
i just dont know where i would go to get copy
Oh great yes I will definitely read it
There are several columns, you may have to rewatch the video to make sure all have all of them.
hi i need a help to get a copy of order of protection
i want to recieve a copy of one that has been issued and passed by a judge
How do I obtain a copy of my current child support order?
I know courts are closed. do I upload onlne?\
Plus would be better to do the consult through the site since I have uploaded the three documents if she wants them.
Yes I've read it and have it downloaded. Thanks Don- I think I'm all set
and also how can I get a pdf copy of my payment history
I jsut need help uploading a document on the site
The gentleman at the courthouse today told me that once I complete the form, I can directly upload it to the court's system..
oh ok if I request it would I be able to have a call or video call done in the time being?
I am now videotaping the amount of time I have waited to receive a response.
I did use pdf but kept tell me the file I choose is not valid pdf file.
I have the form 4-11 paperwork that needs to ne mailed but i was told i can jist upload it
yes, you won't report our conversation to anyone, right?
Hi I’m trying to figure out how to upload my signed and notarized petition?
Whatever it's called, Copying, pasting, uploading...
I need to obtain a copy of my updated support settlement
tx i don't know that i'm in central brooklyn, but i can check. do i get a copy of this chat?
1. Does the one person consent law also apply to video taping?
Hi I need the link to log in to my saved answers.
yes! thank you-- sorry about that-- i did not capture the info
Can I email chat to myself or do I need to copy and paste the links
no , im ive been looking online to see if i can retrieve it online.. and courts are only doing essential
How can I obtain a copy of my child support order
Yes, I have the docket number and a copy of the order.
great do they requiere to apload any documents such as taxes or 1099 or lease
I called the court house they told me to use this site and just upload it
Meaning it’s a photo/ image of the PDF file
Also never received a copy of the lease
i need to submit my information now and I don’t know where to upload it
How do I file a nonpayment court case in Newburgh NY? I have the rent demand and affidavit of service. Do I upload the documents?
Hi I answered questions on your form yesterday, and saved them how can I log in to have them copied?
I file everything but I could not send the pdf file
Yes, I will like to get a copy of my child support order
No thank you. I just need a copy of the latest order
is there a way of getting a copy without having to go into the court?
Im looking to upload documents for a court hearing
I am filing EDDS and can't attach PDF file
hey how do i download child support modification form
Not today. I just need to copy the links before you close out.
Hi Kayla I have the paper files already I was told i can upload them here but i dont know how to do so?
I wanted to know if I could request all documentation (docs, audio, video, etc.) relevant to my case from the court/judge assistant?
Ok thank you! The transcript copy you emailed, does it also contain the links you've provided?
How can’t I get a copy of my child support order
Where is the link to download a child support petition?
Hi.  I have completed my petition for modification.  How do I upload it onto the NYFC site?
I'm not looking to file an order I just need a copy of one that's already in place
Good morning, do you know how I would upload a petition for custody/visitation?
i have proof of time that cover was introduce to work and video and pictures
How can I print them from an iPhone. Do I use pdf doc?  What’s best?
Okay how about attriving a copy of the last court order ? Because the case is already solved .
How can I get a copy of my child support order ?
Can you tell me how do you go about obtaining a copy of an order of support
I told him hell need to print, sign and upload to EDDS (I walked him through that briefly and uploaded the instructions)
Can i receive a transcript of the chat to email address?
Can i get a copy of my court order online?
I need to know how to save a support modification form after I log in
That provides services via phone or video chat.
I'm trying to get a copy of my original child support order.
okay do i need evidence for that as well? i dont have any screenshots
Oh and NY's laws regarding video/audio recording conversations...sorry forgot about that
i need to get my order of protection copy
Yes. How can I secure a copy of my child support order
are you able todirect me on how to obtain a copy of my CS order?
How do I get a copy of my child support order?
thanks - they said 4 copies so i want to make sure i have all the proper copies of things
the docs i need are there to show the judge they edited my osc
Can I download a request for child support modification ?
This happened 10/21/19. I have video evidence of the attack
are they supposed to send me copy of the judgement with this paper?
ok. thank you so much! I will have copy sent to me and rate you great! ;)
Hi, where do I upload a visitation/ custody petition?
No. I just want extra copies of my name changed
What if we didn't get a copy of order but the case is closed?
How does the photo copy and notory work if I do it online
Would it be possible to share notes I typed up in a word document or pdf file?
Hi, how can I obtain a copy of my child support order.
Yes, can this conversation be emailed to me or should I do screen shots of it?
Yes please a hard digital copy would be perfect
Can you please put all those three sites together then I’ll take a picture instead of saving them.
Thank you - sent transcript with I hope links included to my g-mail address.
I have lots of pictures cameras date them that's a good thing
how does one get a copy of something at this time?
The pettion form do i have to go to the courts to get one or i can download it?
Ok thanks let me copy does likns
She had it put on me, only to bring men to my house w herself. I do have pictures and videos.
How do I obtain a copy of the judge’s order?
how do i upload documents for a child support case as evidence
Is there a place I can get a free copy of such form?
Yes the copy that i have to get notarize a Sim back to the courts
no thank you i just need to know what documents i needed to file
Im looking for a place to upload documents for a hearing
The child support representative told me to upload forms on to the portal
how do I obtain a copy of my child support order
