I had my credit card and documents as well as bank information hacked now I have restrictions to get credit to pay tuition and study
and the judge made a final order for me to pay $350 a month which i can't even afford
I'm in  New Mexico  and I need assistance to cover my rent this month and mayb Nov
He doesn't wants to pay rent neither live
There are charity organizations to help for money to pay rent
I haven’t had gas for 2 months and have continued to pay rent.
I have sent him multiple messages but no response.  I think he wants me out because I'm behind on the rent
I have a stipulation from housing court that I have to pay the remaining balance by the 13
i have not pay my rent due to the condition of leaving on my aprtment
I have't paid rent in 3 months
for help with back rent I can't pay
My friend got one to help pay back rent
I can't pay my back rent, how am I going to pay for a private atty
i can’t pay back rent but I can pay going forward
im looking for whether i can get a rent credit for the time that the apt was uninhabitable.
But I feel that is a little fast three days from now when don’t know what rent is
i lost my job last april, and I haven't been able to pay rent in the last 5 months
So I need to say something about the pass rent
Trying to get application for rent help
there has been and ongoing cps case, one peson has arrest warrants, and they haven't payed their rent
I  gave rent for April and may ..because I needed time to get some personal things out
He told my boyfriend he paid a month but he hasn't shown prove of paying the rent,  so we don't know what to do.
I have written proof thru his e mail that he specifically asked for our portion of the rent for may and June
I can't pay back rent, but I can pay going forward
wait! even if the parent is incarcerated they can have to pay at least $25 a month?
Is she not supposed to pay me part of rental income and also pay me money because she is living there for free?
my friend got one for help with back rent
my friend got one to help with back rent
Hi I have a question I have small bar  that because the covid-19 I can't pay my rent
yes, my friend got one to help pay with back rent
++  I have a roomate--housemate who has not paid any rent in almost a year--- can I evict him    I have expense and wont hely
I've been looking online. As best I can find the most they can raise rent is 8% which for her would only be $64.
says that you withold, and then must pay rent once it's fized
Just a question, I have a court date for not paying rent. But I just paid it what do I need to do
Paid her rent, bought supplies for her and my daughter
any relief for rent for seniors -70 plus?
I owe some back rent and I can't pay
all the money they save from not paying rent, they went and buy a car
in this pandemic situation and consequently the rent burden
i lost my job a while back, and I haven't been able to pay my rent for months
Yes please right now I can barley pay rent
i need help paying back rent
and haven’t paid rent in r months
Yes !3/ Not paying the full rent and refusing to share the cost of utilities and paying for damage
I have some issues what are my rights as tenants as  renovated most of the apartment i rent , what is my right who pays what?
Which, to our understanding was one of the prerequisites to qualify for SOTA, making at least double the rent
Hello, I need help to pay my rent
I can pay the rent again, but I can't pay those 6 months that i was out of work
My name is Elliot L Dixon I am looking for Help for rent Assistance the Amount of $890
Yes COVID rent relief programs need help in rent before it’s over 7/31/20
they also can’t transition us back to working in our site because they didn’t pay the rent for the building
I work every day, from Monday to Monday delivering food. I haven't been making enough money even for the rent that is overdue.
I only owe currently $385 for Apr. rent by the way. I was willing to pay when I got out.
He never paid rent or any cost for living
and I really need to move because I’m not working and I can’t afford paying my rent with the unemployment
yes, i need help paying back rent
he tell me he will get me a new oven but he will raise my rent
They were not given a copy and didnt pay first months rent.
i can't pay back rent, but i can pay going forward
haven't been able to pay rent since april
I am officially divorce and the father is paying me $25 a month
I need help with a rent room situation
They want full rent ..plus june
HE IS NOT PAYING THE RENT, ALWAYS LATE, AND I DONT WANT TO RENT ANYMORE AND PLUS THE BASEMENT IS NOT LEGAL
The agreement was for them to pay there portion of the rent along with splitting the electric bill and internet equally
Yes I haven’t paid rent in 4 months
They have stopped paying there portion of the rent and contributing to the utility bills
i could pay rent going forward
i lost my job and i can't keep paying rent
So I wanted to know how best she can get help to pay for the rent
I'm having trouble paying my portion of the rent.
Sure. I lost my job back in March and I haven’t been able to pay rent in months
I need help for the COVID 19 rent assistance rent program
NEED HELP GETTING RENT DEPOSIT RETURNED
I am  sub letting a bedroom to someone who doesn't pay the rent  what can I do
I have back rent I can’t pay at this moment
i couldnt pay rent pandemic period,not me not my wife were working
nothing about a notice to pay rent or quit
I am in need for a lawyer to help me get help in getting help in getting my rent payed.
i haven't been able to pay rent for the last 5 months
sure.  i lost my job in march, and i haven't been able to pay rent for the last 4 months;
we are paying almost 300.00 more a month now in rent
i haven't been able to pay rent the last 4 months
yes, to help pay back rent that i owe
I gave him rent for April and may he also asked for June but.
Yes thank you is there any way I can get help with paying the amount of rent because we can't afford it
i lost my job a few months back and i havent been able to pay rent
Ohh I’m actually trying to find out a one shot deal to pay my rent due to none work
Also, is there a maximum charge per month for individual apartment home improvements?
How can I get help to pay my rent this month
I need help to pay back rent
I only agreed to pay for May rent..I was asked to pay for May and June only
Good morning  am trying to find out how I get the application for the help to pay my rent
I lost my job at a restaurant due to Covid and haven’t been able to pay rent since April
i lost my job about 6 months ago, and i haven't been able to pay rent in 4 months
I’m a 74 yr old senior looking for assistance with my rent
Yes but they were increasing my rent every month
We have always paid rent so that's no issue.
I am facing an eviction and I don’t have the rent money that’s due to pandemic
My rent money is being sent to my old apartment and I proved in court that it's being paid
3. I want to know if I can pay partial rent in December to prorate the lack of heat for a week
but since I’m the only one paying rent
There is rent that should have been paid .  the at is still untouched without the papers. Does this include that also?
but he only ask the rent, never try to fix the issues
because he never pays rent, living in my house as he was my boyfriend but not anymore...
I need more time paying my rent , currently out of work . And I need a copy of my court stipulation
My ex is rich and I am struggling to pay rent
I paid rent for March and could not access space for 2-weeks in March.
The only proof is that shes been the one paying the rent for all these years
I can't pay my rent how can I pay a lawyer?
no, I need help paying back rent
i can't afford to pay an attorney. I'm not even living in my apartment but still have to pay rent now.
I can't pay all the back rent i owe
Yes I own a small gym and cannot afford to pay my rent my membership cut down from 30 to 4 people
total rent is about 1200 I'm paying 900 woman renting to me said nothing
i haven't' been able to pay rent in the last four months
I can’t pay back rent, but I can pay going forward
I think it's okay to raise rent, just not $125
He wants me to pay 90 days worth of rent
That's what I was doing to help with the amount I don't have to pay my rent
he just come to get rent every month
What organization help to pay rent for elderly?
they don’t want to pay the rent because they know I cannot evict them
i've lost my job and I can't afford my rent anymore. i don't know if i can stay in my apt
Because she lost her job last week. Plus do l give her 2 month free rent.
(pay 3 weeks of rent instead of 4)
I finally got a new job, but I won't be able to pay the owed rent
I want to report a person living in 460 Grand Street Apartanento 16 without being on the list and pay no rent is Joel jaque
I have to pay a ticket tomorrow but I don’t know if the court is open
i lost my job 6 months ago and I havent been able to pay my rent
So I had my part of the rent for my place sole from my roommate, do I have to rent again/ money that they sole?
do i have to pay my commercial rent during covid 19
We paid a deposit and first months rent
I'm worried b/c rent was due yesterday
I have not paid my rent for the past 3 months.  Where can I look on line to
I need help paying back rent
How can I get 1 month rent assistance?
i haven't been able to pay rent in the last few months
I would part time and need assistance with my rent.
I need rental assistance my rent is 1,450 and I am backed up
she is not paying rent. the dupleix would bring $3700/month if she was not in it. i rent
How can I get help to get money for rent ?
My rent will be increased by 175.00 which i will not be able to pay.
they told me that next month theyre going to double my rent if I dont leave
eviction. People are using corona as excuse not to pay rent
my friend got one to help pay back rent
I was out of a job, and I now have one, but I can't pay the back rent
I can't seem to find my 14 day rent demand letter that I had done either
I've lived here for 3 years and paid my rent on time
I HAVE RECENTLY BECOME DISABLED AND MY RENT HAS INCREASED TO AN AMOUNT I CAN'T AFFORD
I was lied too to get me to rent apartment u can't do that
So I can hold my rent until I can find a new place
Good morning i help on paying my rent My name is Takeya Neal
Yes they said I have to pay the rent for those 2months I'm going to court
Good morning I am looking for help with my lease for my small business cannot afford to pay the rent can someone help me
plus the calculation of what I make gross with unemployment doesn’t add up to what my rent is by 30%
I’ve missed two months rent
Almost $170 a week for one, not the 2 because he isn't there
I can't afford a lawyer, I can't pay my rent!
i haven't been able to pay rent in months
my rent was raised for oct 2020 i will have to pay more
