I'm wondering if you could help guide me in the right direction
I guess that is it. Thanks again.Have a wonderful day.
Hi I was wondering if the sick time act also expands to upstatwle NY?
The program they have available, I was wondering if recycling cans n bottles would be counted as n income if they asked
hi, yes i have to start a small claims (i think)
I am wondering where I can file a claim on my own for the deposit to be returned
oh okay. Thank you. I thought it was more of a general question. sorry about that.
i was wonder how i would go about saving my progress
I think their name was something like angelo
I was wondering if you could help me search for legal help in Geneva NY
Ok thank you. So you think this might be a credit card thing ?
I’ll check these out.  Am wondering about rent strike?  And/or starting tenants Association- you think this info addresses that?
I am wondering about Onondaga Family Court being in session.
and than people wonder why they are acting out cause NO CLUE WHATS GOING ON
I’m wondering if I have any standing with wrongful termination
Hi Im wondering if your allowed company at your home to visit if its family
No, just wondering if this is a common practice as I never heard of this before
The document says 2013, so I was wondering if anything changed in between
I was just wondering if someone has section 8, don’t their house have to be clean and not horders?
hello I am inquiring  information about a new suite if possible
I was wondering if you are staying at a motel paying weekly for at least a month what is the eviction process
Im an undocumented immigrant,i am wondering if there are any benefits i can recieve as im really struggling
Hi! I was wondering about getting expedited food assistance/SNAP, how does that work?
Could you help me find attorneys to inquire about this question?
I found that on the site, but was wondering if there was anything else
I was wondering what rights I have as a minor (age 17) in regards to custody laws?
I'm wondering if it's possible that you can help me with an attorney's name on a case I'm involved in
It’s like they want people trapped in the same cycle loop then they wonder why they never get paid
good evening, I would like to inquire regarding forms
and am wondering the best way to get that assistance
Hello! I was wondering if it was legal to withhold rent from your landlord if he hasn’t done heating repairs?
Yes, just curious if I have to make legal steps to stop the payments upon fruition of the 21st birthday?
I was wondering if you can direct me to a human human rights lawyer for my case off my constitution been broken
I think my kids with his wife, but im not sure
Hi I was wondering how do I go about filing a petition for custody during this pandemic
I was wondering what is the percentage of a mother winning a case against the child's father for full custody?
im wondering what  my rights are around getting a rent abatement.
just wondering if you can help me with assistance about join cuatudy
i was wondering I live in Rochester New York and want to be emancipated how can I go about that process ?
No . I think I'm good. Thank you for your help
i'm guessing none of them will help me because i'm not from NY.
i was wondering if bankrupt would be the way to go. It’s an old credit card debt
I was wondering if there are any places that help with rent in my area
I'm wondering if he didn't tell the worker he is his Aid and payee
No,I'm wondering if I need "legal" authorization to care for her infant. The mother is okay with us taking care of her baby.
Hello I was wondering if you could tell me, in order to place a petition into the court. Does the father have to be notified?
Hello, I am wondering if there is a custody petition that is in Spanish.
hello I am just wondering if I can print the application without filling it out.
I was wondering if going to small claims court is the appropriate action to take for my situation, which is as follows:
hello I was wondering if family court was open so I could file a petition for visitation rights?
Ok. That's what I thought thank you for your time.
Looking for a website, a number to call and inquire on how to start the process.
Hi. I believe we spoke a few minutes ago. I'm wondering if there are any pro bono services for someone filing a "Notice of Claim"?
Yes I would some information about a name change
Okay I started looking into this, was wondering if there was something else. Okay thank you.
Was wondering how I go about talking to someone about a place mishandling my
Hi, I had to appear on a court case for consumer debt on April 29 th , I was wondering if the court cases are ongoing
I think it might be a good place to start, too. I will definitely try them first
wonder if you could help me with source to find out about any COVID-19 related cases like us
Hi. I'm wondering how to begin the process of being emancipated.
I am wondering if I can petition for an adoption reversal? I’m the birth parent
I am was wondering how can i get a legal aid for my coustdy case
Should I check now. I'm not sure if I'm waiting for a message back on checking that
Hi Jason, I have a bit of a situation and was wondering if you could help?
Yes, I guess. I'm very confused right now
i have several issues going on and im wondering if its worth exploring any legal options
I was wondering if I can have access to my diseased father's case. I have the case ID number and warrant ID judgment number.
New York is a joke!!! no wonder why people want to leave this state!
Hello I am inquiring about getting an order dropped what is the process ?
that would be my 60 days. I was wondering if you can point me in the right direction
hi, I am trying to find out how do I get disposition forms to give to my job stating the outcome of my cases
I am wondering if the new york state civil court is open for name change
Nope I think that’s what I was looking for, thanks
Hi I was wondering if the small claims court in White Plains is open and allowing people to file a claim online
I have a pending case for 3/31/2020 and am wondering if that hearing will still take place
Im also curious if how he’s back into the country after such heinous crime
Hello. I'm wondering if a Certificate of Relief from Disabilities would make me able to get a real estate license?
I thought it was just name change, but attorney here says it is more than that
I am wondering if you could tell me how to file the correct paperwork for my current situation
I am inquiring about how and if I may be able to get a free attorney to help me with a SNAP case.
I was wondering if you knew what time frame does a landlord have if there is code violation
I just want to confirm if it is possible to get the order of filiation today.
i was wondering if there is any law or something that shows it should go towards past rent due (arrears)
Ok, I think this is a great place to start. Thank you, I think that's all.
I suppose if you think that would help yes
Wondering if the court appoints one or the parent is soup pose to find one
Hello! I was wondering if you could tell me how often your legal aid directory is updated
oh, okay, I think the alternative would be best. Thank you!
i was wondering if there is anyway to fill anything out online
Okay that’s what I was thinking it’d be too much to type.
I am wondering if you can get a family offense petition online to be filled out
Okay, I'm in the courthouse now so I am wondering if records would just be able to give me a caopy
I guess if my mom needed assistance besides this I could tell her to call Legal Services  NYC
That's understood im just wondering that's all
yes  i am inquiring about grand parent rights
i was wondering if, as an emancipated minor in new york, i could write a will
Hi I was wondering if I’m 16 can I be emancipated and how do I go about it
I was wondering if a petition for custody can be printed offline or if i need to go to court to get the papers
I was wondering what the process is to file for a second parent or stepparent adoption
that's all I think, just needed an idea of where to start
I came across your website and am wondering how everything works and if I can use this as a resource
Hi. I'm hoping you can give me a starting point.
I’m wondering if there is an outside source that can help move things along.
i'm wondering does the amount I make affect how much he should be
Awesome, I think thats all I need! Thanks Amy :)
I’m just confused once they get the paper work I filed what is the next step for me to do
I assume some governmental organization could find any and all of them just not sure who specifically to enquire to
Ok...I would have also thought maybe from the date he got the increase?
This was helpful. I think I'm good. Thank you.
No thanks I was just wondering if it was illegal not to change of address
I guess they haven't helped in the past. I guess I don't have  a choice
I'm just wondering what options my father might have.
I'm just wondering if there is a law or mandate by the state which prevents is from keeping to the court order
Hi I was wondering because of covid 19 am I still able to file full custody ?
I was wondering if I can file a lis pendens for a claim filed in Surrogate Court?
I guess due to the pandemic And the shortage of employees my case went over looked
I was wondering,  how do I go about filing for full custody and middle and last name cha
I’m just wondering what’s the soonest  an employer have to tell me I’m returning back to work
iwas wondering what papers i need to file to start a step parent adoption
i was hoping to get some information about last name change
i'm wondering if the governor's covid executive order changes this.
Yes, thank you  what is an informal name change?
I was wondering I needed an attorney for representation for an eviction proceeding
Yes I was wondering what would be my process in the court
Sorry I got interrupted. I think thats it. thank you.
Hi I was wondering how does the name change process go
hi my name is Abby. I just had a question I was wondering what are the steps If I choose to go to family court
I was wondering is there a way for me to print off the custody forms without doing the whole DIY program?
I was just wondering what the state’s view is on visitation between custodial and noncustodial parents at the moment with the pandemic
Also wondering what DOL considers “a business” vs. freelancing?
I was wondering how to get assistance or questions on a traffic ticket
Hi I was wondering how I would go about changing my last name for the first time
I was wondering if I can get help for a legal description about property land and a fence on it?
Due to pandemic I wonder if I can do so via online
I was wondering what one's rights are if an employer says they will "accept your resignation" but the worker has not offered it.
I'm set on that already. I just was wondering if you guys could reAd over agreement
I'm asking about the name change change process due to cover 19
ok then I guess I am done.  thank you for your help
I have an interesting question, and i would like to know if you think i could get help
I was also wondering this chat also helps to see if we can get free legal help through a process or only on going cases
Hi! I am wondering if there is a way to see the status of a court hearing online
hi i would like some help regarding a legal name change in New York state
I think that's all I need - you've been very helpful! Have a great day :)
Ok thank you if not I guess I'll have to go to the court house
Hello i was wondering what would be under the terms of a bad service?
im just wondering how i file a new custody petetion online??
i was wondering if I could get a lawyer pointed to me before court
I've heard that new renters rights laws have been signed but I was wondering when they would be effective
Yes hello i'm looking for free legal help with name changing
Yes. Hello, I was wondering what are the necessary steps to proceed with a legal separation?
I am looking for help in regards to judgments and things like that
I was wondering where I could look up information about a court date that was filed a year ago
I would like to find help regarding a legal name change in the state of new york
Hello! I am writing to inquire some information about drawing up a will.
I also think I will need free legal help
I'm just wondering what the term PBR stands for in a family court case
Hi I was wondering If for the sota program you have to be homeless
I'm just wondering if my daughters daycare would abide by my wishes if they have an order that states he can take her.
Hi I was wondering what are the filing dates are for kings county courts during the corona virus
