And  The place never ran my credit if they had they  would of known no I couldn’t afford it
yes since I cant afford one
I need a lawyer but I can't afford one
Maybe in the future I don’t know what I’m able to afford going forward with any of this
I'm poor and cant afford a lawyer
Thank you so much I really appreciate it unfortunately I dont have the means to afford a lawyer and I just feel stuck
i already tried the free consualtions and 500 and hour is something i cannot afford
Told me to contact this network to find an attorney because I can no longer afford my current attorney
where can I get some help reviewing the paperwork and he can’t afford a lawyer but we looking legal aid
I am seeking a new place to call home put it has been difficult with the pandemic also I am on a very low income.
I can’t afford a lawyer at the moment so I would have to do it myself
I tried to find a lawyer, but I couldn’t afford the fee. I called many place, the Women Kind introduce you to me
What can I do because my daughter and son might get hurt and I can't afford to move right now
i cannot afford a lawyer either is there a way i can get a free one?
How can I get a lawyer in family court if I can not afford one?
He has a more secure job and life to offer but I don't want to separate the kids
I can't afford a lawyer and don't know what to do.
I don’t know what kind of attorney we need
I   can't afford to take  care of myself and them.its not  right
I wasnt sure if I would need one but I def cant afford that
Thank u so much! I can’t afford a lawyer.
yeah i have medicaid i probably can't afford a lawyer
I need free lawyers i dont have money like no job
I'm a low income individual can't afford an attorney
I am looking for help on Elder Law but may not have the funds to pay for it
To be honest, we can't afford alot..he has been there for over 9 yes now
first reason i dont have enough english
I can’t afford an attorney I haven’t worked in five years
They have been through court cases about all of this, but nothing has been done because her mom can't afford a proper lawyer.
I need a free lawyer for my case i m broke i cant afford private lawyer
about credit card debt I got sued in court and I can’t afford to hire a lawyer
I'm so lost & don't know what direction to go.. I cant cant afford a lawyer..
I was told to get a lawyer but I can’t afford one
I would prefer to not use my lawyer if at all possible as he is expensive and I can’t afford it
I have court but I don’t know what to do and I don’t have a lawyer
can't afford expensive law firms
What if I do not meet the low income marker, but cannot afford an attorney?
Yes, I wanted to confrim that and also, I can't afford a lawyer and was looking for representation.
I had one and cant afford to pay anymore
I don't have money to afford a good lawyer
i think I need a lawyer for medical malpractice. But I can’t afford one. Hoping to find someone to help me.
I am disabled and I can't afford an attorney I'm looking for a pro bono one
I need a guardianship lawyer but I can't afford one
I have a neighbor thats making false allegations against me and I need to protect myself but I can't afford a lawyer
Do it my self I don’t have the money to pay for a lawyer
I am getting divorced and cannot afford an attorney and have not been able to find one for free.
I can't afford a lawyer and need help with someone defaming my character
The problem is she doesn't have good enough credit to get the house
uh we're pretty poor, we can't afford a lawyer
I need help finding an attorney but I cant afford one
Hello! I need help finding a lawyer. I am being sued and I do not have the money to afford a lawyer.
I'm in bankrupcy cannot afford an attorney at this time i would like someone to represent me in a civil matter .
She does not have fair representation without a lawyer and cannot afford to retain one
I cant afford a lawyer, but I need to do something... my 2 kids are suffering the price
Hi I need help finding a lawyer, I was laid off from my company with no package or anything. I can not afford a lawyer
I can not afford a lawyer but I appreciate any help I can get
I cant afford my lawyer anymore and need a court appointed lawyer
I can't afford an attorney and I could be found in contempt
if it helps, I live in 10026.  I can not currently afford council.
I can't afford a lawyer.  I lost my work with covid
My wife is an attorney with council and she did this b/c she knows I can't afford it.
lokking for legal help cant afford a lawyer
I can’t Afford a lawyer for civil case
I need a lawyer. I can't afford a lawyer.
i just recieved this paper today telling me i need to answer to the charge and maybe get a attorney which i can not afford
I don't have money for a lawyer I can't barely survive at the moment.
Yeah. I feel i can not afford a lawyer and also I don't know how to response the case
I dont hv a case in the moment but. Gonna need a lawyer
I can not afford a lawyer either . I am on worker’s compensation at the present time
Yes, I will take information.  I am not interested in an attorney, as I cannot afford one
hi, I need a lawyer but I cannot afford one. Where can I get help?
Is the service of the lawyer free? I am a low income earner who can't afford an attorney.
I was an in incident 2 yr ago and I'm now looking for advice or legal representation since I cannot afford a lawyer
The Appellate Term First Department granted me a Stay, but I could not afford the unertaking
I'm struggling financially and can't wait anymore
I also moved because i knew I could not afford it because he wants WAY more than its worth with nothing included.
lawyer referral would be great but worried I cannot afford it
I need a lawyer to stop it now and take from there I need to stay here cant afford moving
We were but she's had it moved to supreme Court because she knows I can't afford an attorney
No I don’t have a new court date as yet
On a set income it's really hard to afford this.
I dont have an attorney and I have no money for one at the moment
Thank you, I would love some legal help right now but I cannot afford a lawyer
I have been laid off from my job of 4yrs....I can no longer afford the amount
I really need my money especially in these times and I can’t get a abortion I want my baby
I never intended to harm anyone, I just put someone in my room because I really couldn't afford to pay while I was away
Yes if they are part of legal aid. My family cannot afford a lawyer. It seems like discrimination to me
income? Do I do as I dont have the money to get a lawyer to help
It's just that you can't get a human on the phone at this time.
I can’t afford one is a lawyer necessary because we are both in the same agreement
Forget the divorce. Focus on house sells lawyer doesn't give you the money
and I was thinking to get a attorney but can’t afford one
i need help to get a free lawyer because I myself can not afford one
I am the sole provider of my son so I don’t really have the money for a lawyer unfortunately.
I don't have a lawyyer and can't afford one
I’m a college student and do not have money to pay. I was referred to a lawyer and couldn’t afford
need help with a divorce, I started it already the price is getting expensive I'm not working now the lawyer I is expensive.
Okay. Thanks. I'm not sure about what else I can do to avoid paying a lawyer for something so trivial
ok thank you. I can’t afford a lawo
Just want to know if these are considered legit.  Can’t afford a lawyer!
I do not qualify for legal aid and cannot afford an attorney
i can not afford a attorney i want to answer the charge which i did by contacting ESL attornies
I know I have grounds but I need to know if I can do it without an attorney because I can't afford it.
I have a hearing coming up but I can't afford a lawyer.
I would really prefer a lawyer but cant afford one so im just trying to find this out
I have a lawyer that never gave me the proceeds from the sale of my home
I need a family lawyer that I can afford by my income
I can't afford to take care of my child on my own while on maternity leave
The nursing home case worker is refusing to do this
I can afford an attorney and would like to do everything myself
Well i talked to private attorneys i can't afford one
I cant afford a lawyer but if there are resources that can help me i woukd gladly accept
I'm going through a divorce and cannot afford a lawyer
I am unable to afford an attorney. Do you know where I can find one pro bono?
I am low income and I need a probate lawyer
I have a lawyer already but he's not representing me anymore the way he use to an I don't wanna deal with him anymore...
I would appreciate it. Are their services free? I cant afford paying for lawyer at this poin
but Im a single mom and on a fixed income and don’t make much so I can’t really afford a lawyer
I need an attorney.  My wife put me out of our home and I can not afford my own place.  She wants a divorce.
possibly a lawyer but i can't afford an expensive one im a college student
The baby has special needs and I cannot afford everything anymore
I can't afford a lawyer so is there free help out there for me
Yes, but I can’t afford it. Are there any programs where I can get help for free?
I feel terrible because my child needs to see her therapist and get braces and I cant afford it.
Hello there I was severed a protection order against me from family court and I can’t afford a lawyer
Y problem is that I have no money no income I cannot afford an attorney
I work part time and I can’t afford a lawyer
Yeah but I can’t afford a lawyer that’s why I am asking for someone to represent me in court
I have a public defender and I fear that I'm going to lose my kids because I can't afford a real lawyer
Are there free organizations for people who cannot afford attorneys?
I can no longer afford an attorney to represent me as finances have changed substantially
Yes that's where low income comes it's tough when you can't afford resources.
I need to find information on how someone can be released from jail if they r just vehicle misdeaonors and can't afford to p9st bail
thankyou but am disabled I can’t afford to pay
I cannot afford to go to NY Queens to the hearing
I’m going to get a court appointed lawyer as I can’t afford one
I need to find a divorce lawyer but I can’t afford one. Can you help locate a free lawyer for me?
I don't have the money to afford an attorney so it looks like I'll be doing this alone.
I’m sure I need an attorney. I honestly just can not afford one right now
Call couple law firm Q A state can't afford
Is there any pro bono lawyers I really can’t afford one and the situation is bad
and that i can not afford to bring this home my daughter is asthmatic
yes, even a consult as I can't afford an attorney
Is there gonna be any cost to do the procedure coz I can’t afford
That would be fantastic. Are there any lawyers or groups available that are willing to work with families on payment plans to afford their services
I don’t qualify for legal aid and I couldn’t afford a more pricey attorney
I have court in a few weeks and i cannot afford a lawyer. How do i get one  appointed to me?
he does not have a job and refuse to get one to help
and headed for a joint chapter 7 but can not afford a lawyer for that either
if you can provide a lawyer from the court that would help me a great deal I can not afford to pay a lawyer
i am just looking on how to get a legal aide attorney as i can not afford a lawyer
Alas, they charge a lot of money and I could not afford to sue RPI and hence this case has gone nowhere.
I have been looking for resources but I can not afford them, that would be so helpful
I can't afford a lawyer and being sued by a credit card company.
i need a legal aid because I can’t afford an attorney
Yes like to tell del I can’t afford it that I don’t have the money
I don't have the money for a lawyer  but my income to high for a free lawyer.
I need a lawyer for my case- I don't have money so i really need help to find one
I can afford to pay a private attorney . J
