good morning , how can i go about getting a parent to sign over their parental rights
Can that be done without an attorney even if he is unable to sign?
I did not sign the contract and asked for my money back
It was on the job injury was on workers comp ....signed A 32
the wrong thing i did was i signed in the hospital because she told me it was my kid
I don't think so.  We signed a seprration agreement in February. I assume we were wiating for the judge to sign
I heard it was 30 days from when the judge had signed
I am trying to file court papers to have the other person sign his rights over how do I go about doing this?
Iyes  want to make a donation of $ specifically to the unit that help undocumented people in NYC. Is there a way to do that?
How can I sign over right to a kid I had a female with that I no longer am with
I am wondering what form is needed for a waiver of arrears
We are not asking for nothing to split.are children we had are grown my daughter,s father signed her both certificate
I was looking for help on how to get out of a contract on a timeshare at the poconos.
the body is currently at the medical examiner office because I have sign the papers for him to be buried by the state
Is there any way to get my name off of a car load that I co-signed for?
They're threatening with a counterclaim...I have photos of after I cleaned the apartment and before leaving to hand the keys over.
nope i didnt sign anything either but my lawyer hasnt bothered to keep me updated either
but to make the payment and then the deed was suppose to switch over to my name once paid off
that's what I am doing but she wants to sign her rights away before it is born so it is easier for her
How long does it take for a judge to sign a partion on real property
We have until October 1, to sign the letter or move
The only reason why i signed the temp order waa because he swore it would be all of us
I am trying to find if one can sign ones Parental rights over in New York State
I guess not. I’m just being moved along to someone else who won’t help us. Thanks anyway
they are saying that she has to physically come into the office to sign
Is there any particular way to write and notarize an agreement of the father okaying the move?
Yes . I am trying to sign over parental rights of my child to my mother
he has signed two forms already and now they want another one
I have a question about a new lease signing paperwork?
is there a form that i can sign my right over of beimg a father
the issue is that the form says I cannot sign it if the father and I are not married
You're welcome. I would either like that itemized list or my deposit back.
The divorce  decree states l would transfer any interest in the property I  never signed any papers to that effect. Like quitclaim.
no I want my child’s father to sign over his rights of my 2 kids
Is there a for that can be signed to have a parent surrender their parental rights?
Only one we agreed on that is in the divorce packet but the judge hasn't signed it yet.
I need to get signed a document with my name by a legal representative.
What forms do I need to sign paternal rights away?
Ok thank you, I just wasn’t sure what my options were for me to legally move in with them
can a father in NY voluntarily sign over his legal rights if both he and the mother want this?
i have a question who can i speak to cancel the childsupport on my childrens father
Ok, thank you. Nothing specific to flag in the affidavit.
No. the paper don't says that . Just at the end of the paper said Notary Signature and Notary Stamp.
Exspecially if the copy has no witnesses or even a attorney sign it?
They did try to get to sign an agreement for me to leave , but I didn’t sign
irretrievable grounds needs a swear under oath. How do I do taht?
Hi I have a question can a power of attorney letter notarized in a different country be used to sign a lease in New York
Ok, signing off unless you have anything further. Thanks.
It's signed by the building's new landlord & an attorney in New Rochelle
Paperwork was done and already paid for by me. He had agreed to sign before  but has changed his mind
New York City.  I am writing on behalf of my 86 year old mother
With me , how do I go about putting him on child support and although he did not sign the child’s birth certificate
no let me hit the site before you sign out thanks again
my husband was present and signed both passport forms
I want to sign over rights like we never existed
and she wrote something else completely omitting the old agreement and now is calling herself a subletter
ok, im not much having much luck here. 1 more question. Does the person who signs a petition for eviction need to be the landlord?
i also wanted to know if i can relocate with the order in place.
So I already have a case number what do I do if she doesn't want to sign
Someone else signed his certificate could I still file one ?
I have the there parent ready to sign legal custody over to me
Ok but I need the person to sign over all parental rights is that the right form
He needs to sign although he lives out of the country?
I wanted to know how long they have till they have to sign it
Can the school legally mandate that I sign a document that waived my rights?
Is there any way to get my name off of a carmloan that I co-signed for?
What is the next step "Order Signed" was written on the short form order?
'but my daugher would like to move out before things get worse
but I need the Court send a Document to the father of my daugther
Hey how can I file to have my child father sign his rights over
They are trying to evected me they gave me a handwritten notice.
I need passports for the children I have contacted him and he refuses to sign
Will I be in child support if I sign a baby’s birth certificate
It has been 9 months since stipulation order was signed
yes for a father to sign over his rights and its entirety and will no longer be the legal father
My father is incarcerated. My mother will sign over rights.
There was no wet floor sign there wasn’t anything
I had my last child with my boyfriend she is 9 he signed her birthday certificate
Yes but the landlord keeps talking to me about what he won't agree to when I have already signed the paper
I'm completing a motion to vacate default judgment form and I'm unsure what needs to be written in on a line labeled "To_______________".
Judge signed the court papers a year ago
Hi. I would like to know if your office could help my father add my brothers to his deed?
i was furloughed at the end of march and later signed up for UI
in addition although I signed the lease I have yet to receive a copy with the owner’s signature
I had a previous custody agreement before with the mother and now I'm taking the grandmother to court do I sign another petition
my spouse won’t file jointly with me, I can’t even reach out because they cut all type of communication with me ...
says he’s going to sign over his rights
If he agrees to sign over all rights and that is what I want as well, is that possible?
can someone sue me for not paying a phone bill even though i never signed an agreement nor contract?
Can a certificate of relief from disabilitiy help me get into the lease in nycha with my family?
And we need a Form of Release, so she can sign it and have it notarized without leaving the neighborhood.
I already have Medicaid. My problem is with accessing services without signing away my rights.
The non custodial parent of my child is refusing to sign her passport form
Yes, it is a mobile home park and I never signed a lease. 26 yrs.
He said that he was not able to go with a public notary to sign the paper
Yes he did and he signed his paper work he was just waiting to go to court to he approved to be swabbes
Even though she already agreed to everything? The reason we didn't sign that day was because of COVID, so it was remote.
what to know status if fee waiver was approved or no
My wife and I signed an agreement in court meany years ago in supreme court.
I already have a form on file but can't find any place to sign in.
I think so. I wonder if he really needs to sign the document in front of a notary
i did sign the birth papers in the hospital when the baby was born
I signed the lease back in July with a friend
He is wanting me to sign a waiver so that he can take to court. That to me means that my mother is still alive
Where can I find legal advocacy for health care access without signing away privacy rights?
I did everything and turned everything in by Oct. just waiting on judge to sign but have not heard anything yet
I have a join custody for my son and the father doesnt want to sign so I can get my son's passport
I work Fed ex and I only make $485 weekly after taxes, $258 is to much and they breaking the contract I signed with them
Ok I’ve read a lot but I also read he can just sign
I had written permission by the owner which is still on my person.
I just sent a question regarding a violation of visitation and an agreement made between the mother of my children and I.
also want to get a poor persons waiver
A transfer of property that legal without the other owners the signing off on it
he said they would pay the small amount left and I was to sign a papee stating they had no furthur obligation to me
I never signed any documents, never signed anything with the landlord and never agreed to anything in writing
I live in a different state than New York. Can the papers be sent to me that I have to sign to relinquish my rights?
How you doing I would like to know how do I go about signing all my rights over as a parent
Yes of course I sign it big and clear
Thank you very much! Everyone has a cross to bare, ☺️
they said sign it and send another person has to send it to my employer and prudential
so if it doesnt have to been the county where the marriage papers were signed than yes queens
We were married in a church. My Pastor daid he would sign whatever paperwork or documentation to obsolve this marriage
I need to also make a motion and possibly a cross-motion
Hey i would like to know what i need to get my cousing rap sheet because he out of state
I just need to ge a document signed in my name.  Please help me with this.
we don't need a DNA test we just want to sign his name
I have birth certificate and said card and she signed guardian papers but they expire soon and can't locate mother
if im still legally married and no seperation papers has been signed can someone else be power of atterney ?
even that wasn't signed in correct place and not notarized
Okay.  Thanks a lot for all your help.  have a great day. I'm signing off.
when they returned it back to me, fedex did not do their due dilignee and had someone else sign for my scooter
My kids mother signed her rights away.
let me try again to sign into old acct, please
im lookin the form for affidavit of all my records and profe
but he told her first you have to come to the lawyer office to sign
Hi i unfortunately was a victim of a scam and need some legal advice as i signed some documents
Can you go back and read what I already wrote to the other operator or do you want me to write it again
when I called to get my furniture delivered they had told me it was already signed for
What paperwork is needed to sign custody of a child over to one parent?
Need help with signing rights over to the kids mother
I was unaware until recently when she bribed me with money to sign the title and requested to sign a check
yeah because it wouldnt be adoption because i am their mother and the father would be signing over his rights
he signed the petition for individual adult change of name
Any pro bono void stipulation may 17 2019 appeal. 30 + years. Co Hurst signing didn't know stipulation. Yes represented bad atty
about forms to sign away parental rights
It’s about an agreement I’ll be making with the Polish Cultural Institute
If I have court order, I will not need child's father to sign any forms.
I have a signed lithograph I'd like to get.
I sing a form with the university that they support me during my studying
I’m trying to print out a financial disclosure affidavit (short form).
I already have a paper but that that form. The paper is signed and notarized.
When filling divorce on your own, and the spouse does not want to sign the papers what would be my next step?
I am going to sign off now. Thank for helping me, Jaime. Stay safe and well.
I am unable to figure out how I can sign this and give it to the appropriate party
No they don’t allow me to transfer the money to my bank account
I am worried bc they said he did it but I didn’t sign anything and I don’t remember it happening
in nyc public record, there is a original mortgage from mortgage master inc. showing joint tenant, and plaintiff signed it
he said the copy he had wasnt signed by a judge....is that right?
