I am having a big problem trying to find the proper steps in correcting my own birth certificate
Yes I know that but if he signs the birth certificate and they put it in the system will red flags show up or no
I'm looking at her certificate. It does say his name on father's name. Do I still need to check if he signed acknowledgment of paternity?
Who is eligible to get a copy of a birth certificate?
No there is not one on His birth certificate and my husband is the only man he's ever known as that title
Yes, but I am not ordering my birth certificate; I am ordering my parents' birth certificates.
okay so I am 31 years old and on my birth certificate my mother didn’t not put my fathers name on it
my birthday certificate shows the correct name
Can a DNA test be requested even though I signed the birth certificate
Whag happens when I go to court to get my husband name on the birth certificate
We share custody his name is on the birth certificate
my child's name was written wrong on the new birth certificate after adoption and now it has been about 2 years
no she's not married to anyone, yes my name is on certificate.
Sure, I want to remove my child’s biological father from his birth certificate and his right of paternity.
Letter saying that I have to go to court to have the biological father on the birth certificate
ok ok well the child is born from an affair but is recognized by the senior whose name is on the birth certificate
we sent it to the birth certificate office but they sent it back to my daughters mother now were not in a good place.
My mother was married to someone else at the time of my birth
okay.  is there a time frame as to when i can receive notice from the court in regards to the birth certificate
Yes, Hi what is the legal age a person can make contact with birth parent without parental consent from adoptive parents
No formal custody order. Only real document I have is the birth certificate
His name only appears in the child’s birth certificate does that gives him any custody rights?
If I have birth certificate with no father on it do it still have to go for custody?
can you file a paternity test if another man had signed your child’s birth certificate?
I need information in regards to the "Medical Certificate" current one signed by doctor, needed for adoption from the adoptive parent
can i go to the department of health and obtain a copy of birth certificate?
Want to know if it's posible to get a NY birth original certificate cause a dissaster lost ( hurricane).
New York Vital records does not uave a record of my birth. And I cannot do anything towards  prosperity
I can’t jist correct the birth certificate that’s a legal issue
I downloaded a AOP trying to have my name placed on my daughters birth certificate but the mother isn’t willing to sign
If my child’s father is not on the birth certificate do I have legal custody automatically
I need help requesting my parents' birth certificates
How do I get a copy of my birth certificate? I was born in Syracuse.
No were weren't married I didn't sing his birth certificate but it was already established through the court that he's my son.
Do you know anything about being able to (possibly) view a divorce certificate online?
They never married but his name is on the birth certificate.
No, can he take his daughter while petitioning to get custody and his name is on the birth certificate
Hi I am 54 years old and have found my real birth father (as opposed to the man listed on my birth certificate)
getting a passport would be easier with sole custody then having to file for the death certificate
I went online and I read a need a doctor’s certificate, I’m not sure of what that is. Please assist.
As well as my name on the birth Certificate as the father?
He’s trying to get his birth certificate and social by himself but they all need proof of id which he has none.
I eventually caved in because birth control is a basic need that u have.
Complying of kids soc# and birth certificate to add them to my medical insurance
yes and wants his name on the birth certificate and his daughter with his last name
Yes im on the birth certificate, i was there when my child was born
I have someone who has a birth certificate that states "male and the last name only.
They want to make sure that the biological father can't undo the adoption once its done
I'm the mother and I did the paternity. No name is on the birth certificate
Can I test someone that is not on the birth certificate even though it was signed by a different person?
my cars that I bought is with my husband and registered under his name. Is there anyway i can put it under my name?
Hello. I am looking for information for giving up parental rights. Even though I signed the birth certificate.
How do I double check he signed her birth certificate?
Is DNA mandated if an alleged father did not sign the birth certificate
Hello Ms. Amy, i think my connection was lost. I asked about getting my grandfather's birth certificate
Because the way I appeared in my birth record is that a female was born no name or last name
i need my birth certificate translated from italian to english
I wasn’t married and the guy that’s playing a role of baby daddy yes he signed the birth certificate
She wouldn't give the child my last name but my name is on the birth certificate
My birth certificate don't have a first name but I live in another state now..do I need attorney from nyc to help me
he has never gotten  photo ID back since then and so cannot get the paper notarized needed to get my son's passport
I was given an order of Filiation this past July and wanted to know how can I get My last name on the birth Certificate?
I was chatting  with Amy about getting a birth certificate but the connection was lost
I need to authenticate a marriage certificate to get an apostille.
I didn’t have a drivers license, and my birth certificate, passport, and social security card. I know my social security number
i want to put my biological fathers name on my birth certificate
I am 58 years old and just find out that the father listed on my birth certific
the father's name is on the birth certificate is that enough to claim it is legally established?
in order for me to obtain copy of my original birth certificate
also, he stole our marriage certificate and adult childrens birth certificates from my safe when he left
But I was above to get the information from the hospital they way that is on my birth paper..
He signed the birth certificate so I’m assuming no
I would like to know how I can receive my marriage certificate since I got married on the 25th.
Can I know if there is a way I can fix my kids birth certificates
Hello i would like to know if there's anyway i can recieve a copy of my marriage certificate
I need the court to in NY to give me a paper so these people over there will issue me a birth certificate
Nothing but because his name is on the birth paper i don't think i can get a passport without him.
Does a parent who is not on the birth  certificate and does not live with the child have any rights?
No I wasn’t married to the mom. I did sign the birth certificate
Hi. Can I download forms to petition the court for a hearing to have my birth certificate unsealed?
i don't even have the mariege certificate and i would like to get it
Can i take that form down to the village hall with my childs birth certificate and my id and have it notarized and mailed in?
The father is not on the birth certtificate, but for some reason her last name is his last name
if there is no father listed on my daughter’s birth certificate can I get full custody of her ?
when i chance my full name everything chance right  so have to chance my license  passport
If I gave birth certificate and father not on it do I still have to go to court for custody
You have endorsee me with the resouces i require to claim my custody certificate
Even if the the child never lived with the bio parent and was apprehended at birth?
I am the legal father on the birth certificate not the biological father
my last name is not on his birth certificate because I have to go to the court to clear his last name
I went to vitalcheck but it only says birth certificate
My sons mother is in rehabilitation though for the second time in three months and I just got out on the birth certificate
Even if his name is not on the birth certificate . No ones name is on it
My only problem is, my father's name is not on my birth certificate, and I have my mother's last name who is also deceased.
How can I see a judge about taking my name off a birth certificate
The legal aid society of mid-ny couldn't help me, because they are helping the children's birth mother in a seperate court case...
I’m tryin to get my name off a birth certificate how do I go buy tha
When filing for custody, in Onondaga County (NY) do I need to bring a copy of my child's paternity, or is the birth certificate sufficient?
The hospital presented this as an option so that I may be legally put on the birth certificate
I was trying to understand if I can get full custody without the father being on the birth certificate
No nothing in place. He is on her birth certificate though
He is my biological father, but is not listed on my birth certificate.
Thank you. We were never married but his name is in my daughters birth certificate.
i have a newborn son his father name is not on birth certificate how can I file for full custody
Their birth mother abandoned them years ago
Is there a specific instance where a mother of a child get a passport without the father's consent, his name is on the birth certificate
Can my childs father make me change my childs last name if the father hasnt signed the birth certificate or paternity
Since it’s only my name on the birth certificate does that not already only grant me full custody?
Also would my ex husband name be on the birth certificate when I do recieve it
If I can go after the state of New York for not giving me back to my birth family
so i just wait until the send me a copy of the birth certificate?
What is the correct procedure for a correction of an error in a parents name in an adult birth certificate and marriage certificate
hello my name is lesby yanes i need a birth certificate for my son under one year old he lost his certificate
I explicitly told you I need help to file for a court order for birth certificate amendment
but didn’t think that applied without the birth certificate amendment.
I hv my son'S birth certificate and green card ,he is always with me
i have my son's DOB and in birth certificate his father name is there
Put it this way - -never signed birth certificate.
and is it possible to take the father off the birth certiifcate
I want to terminate the parental rights of my child’s father. He is his paternal father but did not sign his birth certificate.
He did an acknowledgement of paternity and signed all 3 birth certificates
I already sent the marriage license via the web already signed the same day but I do not receive the certificate
I am looking for help getting a copy of my deceased fathers birth certificate to fulfill a requirement to obtain Italian citizenship
I'm asking for help to file a court order for a birth certificate amendment.
I never signed a birth certificate though.
Do i need to provide any documents? copies of id, birth certificate?
I have court tomorrow get my b.f name on birth certificate
This has brought a lot of problems as my birth certificate and my ss don’t have the same name
How i cant get my daughter birth certificate again
Yes but he didn't sign the birth certificate
I'm asking for help to obtain an order for a *birth certificate amendment*
I need help taking a name off a birth certificate
just something he would like to know. he has already signed the birth certificate and my son is 4.
The childs birth certificate, or proof im his parent, or where we live?
No I am not married paternity does not need to be determined I am on the birth certificate no we are not getting a divorce
No never married and yes hes on the birth certificate
I am actually trying to apply for Italian citizenship, I am already a US citizen. That is why I need the marriage certificate.
How can I put the father on my daughter birth certificate on child support.
I have 2 different last names. One on my birth certificate and another on my social security card
is there an address and phone number for local birth registrar?
I was adopted, my parents died, and I need help getting my birth certificate
I am looking to adopt a step child who where the other parent is not on the birth certificate what forms would I need
My uncle hand is fractured , we also get medico legal certificate. Police still didn't arrested
the kids as my last name but am not on the birth certificate
Where can I find legal aid to request my parents' birth certificates?
Cuz when she was born I sing her born certificate and now she don’t have my last name
when i came back from school we both signed acknowledgement of paternity but we didnt include my daughter birth certificate so nothing was done
For my boyfriend to be my sons dad his real dad is not in his life but he wants to be on the birth certificate
THE LADY ATTORNEY THAT HELPED ME GET MY CERTIFICATE OF CITIZENSHIP BACK IN 2018..WAS A MISS PEREZ THAT WORKED FOR LEGAL AID..
But even on my child's birth certificate I didn't put the fathers name
My ex who is on birth certificate isint the bialogical either and he knows about this and is considering signing off rights
My client is looking for legal resources/information regarding their desire to modify a birth certificate. Can you point me in the right direction?
my birth certificate was already corrected when i was young
So I need a lawyer to file for a court order for a birth certificate amendment.
Early senior 62Cerebral Palsy since birth
Not at all. All we have is the birth certificate where we’re both stated as parents
No need to establish paternity I am on his birth certificate.
I have only used the last name on my social security card. Never used the last name on my birth certificate
