i cannot afford a lawyer cause i am on a student scholarship now, how can i obtain legal advice
I need help legally to collect a debt
yes, so in my statement letter - can I say  I am acquiring both physical and legal or is that too much?
and is it even a crime to obtain an OP under false pretenses
its a bogus call just to obtain information, there is no abuse
I have a question about signing a "Receipt and Release' form I've received from the lawyer of the executor of the will.
Def smaller... Its just really to gain access to his account: email, phone, small stuff like that
I received the green card of cerifty back that recieved documents
Hello I was hoping to get some information In obtaining an attorney.
I would like to know how could I obtain information on bringing my husband to the United States
I received a letter fronthe professional conduct officer of the office of professional discipline regarding a settlement to misconduct i have no more details
I am receiving a document telling I had a demand regarding a car Accindent
meaning the process of obtain the surplus monies
our lawyers were consumed with winning our home not receipts from that creep
*I ALREADY OBTAINED A LEGAL NAME CHANGE*
trying to phone find out what information I can subpoena. After winning a judgment in small claims court
Yes i did find it on your website. The court had me fill out a financial affidavit but made their decision before receiving it.
Hello, looking for help to obtain a CRD from a local court, regarding a charge from over 10 years ago.
Lucas, I urgently need a court decision that I never received since court date.
I need an attorney to retrieve escrow money from Residential Economical Empowerment Sustainable Program
I don't know what to do as there was a follow-up attorney letter. Do I need to secure legal counsel now
i need legal help on old medical case 2010 received a letter from there attorney
I am trying to figure out if I can obtain legal aid for fair hearings for path shelter intake
Good morning. I’m interested in obtaining a separation agreement from my husband that details my rights in terms of a divorcee
Thank you. I need to win the Housing HP Case never found anyone for it but the Judge has been extremely supportive
Daughter just received summons for Debt Collection from a purchaser of credit card debt.  She is unemployed due to several medical conditions.
I think I got disconnected. I would like help retrieving my social security money from my sister.
I received a show of cause from my landlord attorney
Yes because as of right now she has not received any of the back pay
I continue to call in a claim each week but haven't received any money since September 20th.
So I packed a bag and stayed at a hotel that night, and left the next day.
I am looking for legal representation to obtain disability
filed complaint with attorney general on July 15 and have not received any correspondence
Hi. I had a few questions regarding obtaining guardianship of a minor
Is it against the law to remove funds from my disability after qualifying for hardship
well i live in staten island, ny but the business i sued and secured a judgement against is in newark NJ
i also juts received a payment less than usual and I do not know why and if that is the payment moving forward
very, and incomprehensible to me - you go to court, win a judgement and cannot collect
how do I go about obtaining legal help from this website
I received a notice of petition today pertaining to my eviction. I dont have a lawyer, nor the funds to obtain one.
I am in need of legal services for a letter of garnishment I received
A notice stating my original court appearance was rescheduled.  I didn't know I had one before receiving this letter.
should i give the deposit back even though she left the apt this way or shall I obtain a lawyer
i have just gained custody the 1st of March and due to the virus we have not been able to come to court to file
I waited months to see a judge each time I received a court date to see a judge
No I didnt. All I received was a her card with my next court appearance.
I got claim for 1 week but after that I never received it
Can I obtain free legal council for my court date?
I need a deposition from the court. I live in another state.  How can I get an attorney to obtain the depostion?
I would like to obtain an divorce from my husband.
I received several thousand dollars in benefits.
I need help obtaining a lawyer and I'm lost on when is my next court date. Since I need to speak with a judge asap.
Which I haven’t received a bill for 2 months. So I didn’t know.
I have gain custody from this state and the judge ordered me to file for support in NY were we live
at the time the invoice was generated they had not yet put in payment for april
I received a summons for debt collection and it says to file an answer with the court in person.
I'm a disabled received montly check just me and my son. Now I have received notice of non payment
Yes I need to find information on obtaining a divorce. I cannot afford to pay for it.
im looking for help obtaining a criminal lawyer
I am looking to obtain a information  supeana to get my employee records from my old employer for court
Hello, I would like information on how to obtain transcripts of a Supreme court case for a poor person.
can you tell me where I may obtain a packet of free printed forms for a legal separtion  in New York State
I need an attorney who will take the case to recover damages and also punitive damages.
Also I forgot to mention that I am on a fixed income and would like to obtain free legal assistance if possible.
Thank you. I was able to obtain one from a different court with no problem. However this court handles everything completely different.
my old court date is July 23rd. Have not received any new info thru mail
I am looking to obtain resources in the new york area
heloo my name is amy i, tryimg t locate aower on a property i would like to purchase
Ok how do I go about obtaining legal assistance
I just didn't know if i could somehow obtain it online is all.
our relationship is severely damaged beyond communicating honestly and have resulted to multiple court appearances largely on the other parties behalf
How do I obtain an attorney through this program? There is not a phone number.
I currently have an order of support, I lost the original court documents on my court ordered support.  How can I obtain a full copy?
I received a letter in the case pursuant ti copyright infringement
ive been out of work since November and haven’t received any payments
I am furloughed and behind on my rent. I received a notice to court.
I am in court and need some help with obtaining a letter from her
Received notice that my upcoming civil court appearance has been postponed. Have absolutely no knowledge about this matter. How do I obtain the information.
I have a Surety bond and wondered if I could I could use to acquire a lawyer?
am unemployed but i will need a lawyer to obtain my papper work transcrip police report min report certified since now am facing deportation
The landlord took about 60 days to return the deposit and withheld deductions not provided to us.
I'm looking for which document I can submit/complete to obtain a Consent Order for Custody based upon the parties' written agreement
Police arrest, over allegations. In My Housing, Wich i obtain thru homelesness
I need help for obtaining fee waiver for n565 certificate of naturilization..
Okay can I obtain free legal advice from these sources
He as obtained a lawyer . I can not afford one . I did my own divorce .
so my name is christina im looking to obtain a Modification Order for a court approval online \.
Hi I received a letter from Supreme Court saying that a lawsuit may be filed against me
no i live in mass but the summon i received it is from queens court
Filing a an age discrimination and civil suit I'm federal court.. I have received the letter of right to sue from the eeoc
ok so this information I can obtain a hra lawyer for the fair hearing regarding the food stamps
Told need to obtain documents but agency only allows ubder supena. How to
I need to file support modification petition, I dont have the address of the parent. How can I obtain the info from the court?
I obtained Sole custody because the other parents failed to appear at all of the court dates.
I would like to know how to obtain a lawyer to help my son
I trying to obtain my court disposition from 1987 for a job clearance can I walk in and get in
I was recently Evicted, where and how can I obtain a cityfeph voucher
Looking to file papers to obtain custody. I went to efile for Kings County, but their website has a broken link
I know I also need to purchase a transcript for judgment since the debtor lives in another county and has property there too
I probated a will 2 month ago and i received a "worksheet letter from the court.
If someone receives cash awards food stamps and Medicaid from welfare. And then inheritance money.  Does that person have to pay back welfare
The judgment was obtained in Orange County, Middletown  court
I am  a  recovered drug addict   gone  cold turkey  almost a  yeear
Are any of these organizations especially adapted at helping me with attaining the certificate of disposition?
I received documents stating I have 14 days to leave the place I live BUT I never received a dispossess notice is this legal
Hi, I would like to file the form to obtain a transcript
We do currently have a temporary agreement as we are awaiting a court date
I did purchase a ticket for them on 8/21 and he did take them to the airport.
Trying to obtain supervisor information are the assigned counsel in Buffalo New York
I have been approved for single issuance snap.  The money is visible online in the account.  But I have not received my card yet
Where do we go to obtain a copy of the custodial agreement
How can I obtain the paperwork for a motion that was filed in family court ?
A family member by marriage has obtain residence in my nycha apartment and is refusing to leave and they are not on my lease.
I was evicted from my sro and the manager told me on the 10th that I had to obtain my belongings
Well I do have questions about what I should do to collect my money and a small claims court case I won
I received a Consumer Credit transaction Summons but can
I am looking for employment. However on the OCFS I cannot remember 28 years of addresses. How can I obtain this information?
Is this a free service? I have become unemployed due to xovid, I have not received UI yet.
No Problem At All This Has Been So Difficult This Man Has obtained Her Address Moved With Blocks of her.
also i am certain that she has retained someone here is is clinically ill, psychologically.
how can i obtain a a copy of my support court order from family courts in kings county, brooklyn ny?
I have charges against me and was given paperwork to obtain council
none of these tells me how to obtain a court order
I am the fiduciary and received a probate certificate already
Hi, I actually just had a relatively simple question that I wasn’t able to obtain the answer to
I need to attain a lawyer for purpose of divorce
I am curious as to how to obtain a pro Bono lawyer for criminal defense
Don’t have any papers. Just wanted to know where someone could obtain should they need them.
Thank you, I would like to know how to obtain transcripts of a court trail if your a low income person, from NYC?
I need to obtain witness subpoena forms. do you know where I can find these?
I am hoping to secure a legal consultation for her. Thank you.
I do not need representation in court. I just need to obtain the original document
I’ve been convicted of criminal mischief and I need a lawyer but don’t know how to acquire one. Can you help?
Do I have to generate an answer even though I am in the process of negotiating a settlement with the attorney?
i am trying to obtain this document for the purpose of acquiring dual citizenship.
A thank you but again do by any chance you know the name of the form that I need to obtain
Also, How would I be able to obtain a state appointed lawyer or probono to represent me at court
Steps on how to go about obtaining guardianship of a minor my sister
Information has been obtained about the judgement and want to confirm if this is clear when and if it is officially finalized
But no information on obtaining transcripts from a court case?
I'm having problems obtaining personal property that was left to me in a divorce agreement
Okay. If i obtain an order from my country, will that be honored in NY and would that qualify for his name to being included?
would you happen to know how he may obtain a copy of all the court orders ?
I am looking to get a consultant regarding a violation of an agreement that had the other party obtain work.
they said you cant recover money from there people
how do i get help obtaining documents for medical and educational purposes
I received court papers for non-payment yesterday
I’m trying to obtain my disposition from Riverhead court
Hi good day how do I obtain divorce. Document
Also, I am very interested in obtaining medical information.  How would I go about getting that?
I don’t know how to begin the process as I dont have enough money to obtain an attorney.
i also am getting another job because the reason I even received this apartment was the income from both my job and events
can you provide help with legal resources in order to obtain an original will
Good afternoon I wanted to ask a question about obtaining a lawyer due to my son age 7 falling in nycha
They havent reached a decision being that it hasnt been 60 days. Is that consodered an active case?
Need help obtaining court records for an inmate
I'm looking for consultation regarding a cease and desist I received after publishing a memoir online detailing sexually abuse.
I just need help to obtain a certificate of deposition
