the up coming hearing is called a Permanency hearing
I have a case where the jury threw out which would have set me free but the judge decided to reinstate the case
All I know is that I have to see the judge again next Thursday.
He hasn't given me a notice neither has he filed a court hearing.
I have to police reports because we had verbal disputes that could have gon bad so I called for my safety
Is Nassau all in writing? Or will I have a live hearing date?
I hope I clicked the correct option.  It's a hearing, maybe not a court case
I see. Okay, would I be able to ask the judge if I can reschedule this appeal until I get legal representation?
If i dnt get serverd should I tell the judge once I find out when court is
can an order be issued for her not leave the state or certain radius based on what I explain to the judge?
Yes and he counter filed with a reduction. our hearing is next week
i went to get a modification and missed court because I was at a job interview
i have a court date tomorrow and would like to know will i have an opportunity to adjourn it so i can seek counsel?
So you know how I could be listened by the virtual court?
I applied for hearing, and I have a hearing date on September 29th
Hello I have a hearing Monday for trying to get back in
it should still be in effect as we never got it stopped and that was the last order i had gotten from court
the court hearing had already taken place and she has gotten an official OP after that.
She was served with papers yesterday and the hearing is set for 11/22/2019 @ 10am
I'm not getting anywhere with fair hearings
Will the judge tell us what kind of testing is needed
i cant even find the court datethe judge told me to return
but the fact that she asked for this, doesn't that show her character? would the judge care to see it?
The judge gave us another court date.  She said i need to show i have been searching diligently when i come back
I’ll like to have legal aid for my hearing on the 26th
If a court hearing already happened and he missed it what should he do
What do I do I was present in court and seen how the judge treated both parties and he was biased toward the mother
And after 8 months of back and forth and following all the requests of the judge..
I live in onodaga county by but she resides in courtland and that ia where all the court hearing have been
Hi I am trying to get an early court date to see the judge how can I do that
I won a civil rights lawsuit against nys for an assault while in prison, my victims are  sueing for part of the settlement
Hi, i just have a quick question, i want to know if the civil court is open for name changes
So how was it that the other side was able to have it adjourned and a new date before the past court date?
i had VIBS helping me but the lady said she was to busy to help me and I need my petition for court tomorrow
Her hearing is on Wednesday   can we ask them to potpone until we get a lawyer
So I file first and wait for a hearing date?
I am in need of legal counseling on a default judgement case
what will be the case that the judge rules in my favor of what i am asking
She has a question about whether the hearing will for certain occur in december or whether the judge can
he has violating court order and now does not return my daughter back to me.
I can't have a new court order, because I can't have the hearing. its frustrating.
maybe see if  a judge could do something
Can you explain the difference between a trial and just a court appearance ?
I’ve called for a fair hearing and no numbers work
They said I have to see the judge to get it modified
About how long does the process take to be seen by a judge
it says the things we agreed on and a paper from the judge saying that it needs to be put in place
So i can just tell the judge that I’m not comfortable with it being lifted?
Can i put in a motion after a judge appoimts a referee
It's kind of like no matter what is getting done it's just being  adjourned and adjourned at this point
I did a police report and I would like to take him to court to get either my money or my money back
I have a hearing coming up I wasn't working and now I'm working do I have to let the judge know
prior to this i had a fair hearing that i did not feel was very fair so unfortunately i hung up on the law judge
I am looking for legal services for my significant other for his disciplinary hearing
i had a hearing and need to know what steps to take if the judge denies it
I need legal help I lost a hearing
I’ve only been to court once and missed my last court appointment
I am supposed to attend a hearing on the matter tomorrow.
do you think me not appearing in the previous hearing can hurt this hearing ?
I want to know how do you request an apperance with the judge
Yes. I also checked ecourts, and it indicated "trial".
(there is an appeal under review in the Appellate 2 dept)
And today I saw that, fact finding for the next hearing in September
No that is too late I want fine VACATED by the same judge that set it I understand he can vacate his owne decision/verdict
I need to see a judge how can I see one
the case was adjourned and I dont know how to find out when it will be back on
when the abuse persist I had to restore the case to calendar. If I can find an attorney for the appeal i will win
I did not have a court hearing for it....was issued 3 years ago
Do you know anything about the hearing process I will ask for a hearing
I have been trying to resolve this for a long time any any help would be greatly appreciated !
no i filed the objection they recieved it yesterday i recieved the rebuttal
Which the case was dismissed at NYC office of Administrative Trials and Hearing
I am the plaintiff in a case and I won a default judgment in my favor
Will the judge grant me time to seek counsel if I ask?
I hope a judge finds these circumstances extreme
They said that i could appeal and have sixty days
and than how would one request a hearing with the judge
I need a lawyer to help tell this to the judge
thank you can you tell me the name of the last judge i spoke with
Pro bono appeals attorney. Sorry about the spelling. Auto correct
🙏🏼 thank you. I been placed on hold hearing the recording for over 36 min. Several times
yes, just need a little help here in respect to a adult name correction hearing date I was waiting for.
O need to se judge 👨‍⚖️.  Please
since NYC is reopening, I am sure my hearing will be very soon now then
Where can I file online I guess or when do the courts open back up
I asked yesterday regarding a writ of habeous corpus
A CSU representative told me that they can make a change only pursuant to a court order
I need a lawyer for my fair hearing om the 10th of ffeb
I need to speak to someone that can help me with getting an appointment to see a judge.
But there must be an article or a textbook or something about these hearings.
So clearing an Indicated report still counts as a criminal case? Then how am I not entitled to counsel for the appeal hearing?
it asks for her name but not the name and address of the trustee
Yes ...a return of process hearing on Feb 3
each time I went to court to see the judge
They had me in a Nursing Home  A be wanted to see the Judge about  living again in the Residence I had In the past
I also requested fair hearing months ago and havnt heard from them either
Since shes 15 she was told by CPS the judge would let her choose
i already been served an i already went to ny last week an my lawyer adjourned it
I have a child custody case and was wondering what are some questions the judge will ask during the hearing?
con ed accepted the plan  they said was approved    and said it needs to besigned by a judge
I have court hearing soon I need free legal help
I understand. Yes it’s a fair hearing.
Im told its a enforcement judgement. im not sure how to file it
My worry is that they put a De NOVO hearing in a VIOLATION
its someting that should be discussed with the judge ONLY HEARD ONE SIDE
in small court they took an imposter posing as me and dismossed my case and told me the judge is not here today.
My court hearing is in 30min. Located in the building that i am in currently.
I called them up they gave me a hearing already in September
The document says that judgement was recovered in civil court on oct 9 2008
Question #1,   don;t they have to authenticate the summary judgement in NY?
Yes that's where I saw the judge that time
but in the future how am i going to do this? without lawyers. what can I ask the judge for?
ok and that's something the judge has to approve
any Insights on the May 12 hearing in terms of what to expect???
I immediately brought it to judge's attention and asked for date but it didn't get set until now which is 5-11
lets not forget to mention the denial of service by the ryder center, when I asked to speak to a supervisor
I was arrested in 1978 and had a trial and my trial minutes are totally missing
Okay. Would the hearing then be delayed again if I ask for a lawyer? or can I petition for one before the hearing?
request the Judge to approve and have Talcott release my annuity
Yes, it got passed from a magistrate to a judge and got pushed back again
Yes I need an extension but I don't know how I'm suppose to ask the judge for one.
Niagara also I written the opposing attorney and ask for a copy of the evidence, discovery, he has not provided me with it
it was a custody case and i'm just looking for the final judgment decree
I was going to go to 141 Livingston and wait my turn
She said to me that no judge is gonna tell her what to do with her kid.
as in the ruling that was decided by the judge and what was petitioned in the first place
How I can I fight this case against me? I read about. Go to court and if qualify have the judge to vacate this debt
like yesterday acs asked me to leave my home without warrant or an order from the judge
so how does it work? Does the judge ask for it at our next appearance, or are they supposed to already have it?
I clicked yes. NOt sure what happened.I was instructed by mediation judge to contact bar assoc or
2017 WAS WHEN I LEFT THE APARTMENT IN MARCH  AND THEY WENT TO COURT IN 2019 TO FILE A JUDGEMENT ON ME
I need to make 2 vacate default judgements
he want to court on September 30th the judge said he can come home
I want to ask a judge for advice and directions as an heir to my late father's estate.  How do I do that?
With Habeas Corpus Writ... she is compelled by the court to come back to NY ... is this correct? And bring back my daughter.
I was told  to find a way to register the judgements in the NY court.
Okay and then the person would just bring the forms in with them to the hearing?
Judge wrote back ruling in my Favor which then ruled for a hearing de novo.
but am I wasting my time? would I be able to have a judge look it over?
Basically I’m asking legally can the petioner add on criminal charges after they stated that they had not pressed charges
Can you appeal almost any decision the judge makes? That is good to know.
I just got the check and the administrator told me that they can not resent the check
“i had a hearing and need to know what steps to take if the judge denies it”
preferably ones that dismal was granted by the judge
is there any way that I can reverse my testimony against the grand jury that I have made
They are in the Albany, NY area and will go to the hearing with you?
The judge gave no reason. She ubruptly  ended the appearance without opportunity for me to ask for the reason for denial.
I want to file vacate a default judgement by supreme court
Can you also help me locate legal support for this hearing?
Hi I wanted to know if I have a hearing coming up.  Will the judge know I am working a new job.
To is TGIFFFFF!!!! : )  Thanks for asking.  Did you state that you are counsel?
i just want to know if I call someone once can i get sued for harrasment ?
I wish to appeal a terrible decision of the NYS Appellate Division's First Department.
Hello I need a legal aid for a Appel with a fair hearing case
i need to make a modification hearing as i missed my court date of yesterday
I have a few questions regarding court. Do the judge give both parties the opportunity to    ask for a meditation ?
The same thing happened when I tried to call New York Center for Law and Justice, Inc.Seems the number is old
any idea when courts will start hearing these cases again?
