I am looking to file for visitation once things with the Corona virus subside
Are courts open in NYC right now due to the corona?
I got disconnected earlier. Interested in knowing my right to work remotely instead of commuting due to coronavirus concerns.
I would like to know if the corona virus pandemic can stop a child from seeing a parent with court order visitation
Yes the leae wasn't renewed I was living month to month
Or, would simply being a member of an LLC make me ineligible to continue to receive UI benefits, even though we are not currently active.
I'm having an issue receiving the 13 week extension on my NY State unemployment benefits.
I need a pro bono attorney for an unemployment insurance appeal case
Yes. The second number is what I called. I’ll try with the corona virus one
this is a pattern of harassment and just another in a long line of problems with this indivodual
I need some coronavirus information. I've searched but can't get a clear answer
For online Papier Work for probation Termination
I need to find an unemployment lawyer  to speak to regarding severance, retirement benefits and unemployment
I have been waiting 10 weeks to receive unemployment benefits and can’t get a response by email or call back
but they stole it and stole my employee benefits of my Prudential group accidental benefits
I need it soon, and must be done online, due to the Coronavirus.
I need help. I filed for unemployment benefits and my claim has been denied.
He lost his job in July and has been getting unemployment benefit.
Even I’m getting unemployment benefit
Due to the coronavirus pandemic are the courts waiving fee for Divorces?
I didn’t idea that the unemployment benefit is a income
I applied for unemployment benefits and got accepted and they need all paid money back at the department of labor
Yes. I was laid off and my employer is not contesting unemployment benefits. I would just like help to file correctly.
Wrongfully termination breaking employee confidentiality
I'm confused if this counts as returning to work when filing for benefits
But as you know we were sent home due to the coronavirus
i want to get a notice of termination for my daughter?
as it up to date - in other words after the corona virus ceased many operations
Yes I haven't work for 2 weeks because the coronavirus and I don’t know when I’m going to start working again ..
I meant that I was terminated by my employer. Sorry, typo.
Taking unemployment benefit can affect getting City job and social security
I do pay child support every week,right now i don't working just for coronavirus what should i do now?
a friend of mine went on a date and then got abused
Portfolio recocery old credit line she had before she got disabled
Do I continue to pay because I am unemployed or is that taken out of my Snap benefits
how a severance pay will affect my unemployment  benefit ?
I was denied unemployment benefits and need a free attorney to help me
from what I understand we are termination our legal parental rights after an adoption has been finalized
Need help regarding my unemployment benefits
What are the steps to go about if they’re contesting unemployment benefits
With Corona virus no one really wants to rent! I don't understand how she can do this during a pandemic
Hello, I want to know the proper steps to stop child support temporarily. Because of the corona virus, I have been layed off.
I had a question I was laid off due to corona without a notice prior
I want to find an attorney for a case of discrimination and wrongful termination
I would like to discuss reduction of work hours due to govenor mandated coronavirus PAUSE directive
I believe that I was targeted, attempted to be managed out and then wrongfully terminated
This persons insurance lapsed because ny Dept of health requires legal guardian to renew Medicaid
of  a court case in 2000 about whether she was eligible or not for social security benefits. Her name is Margaret Maclean
1. if you have been terminated, can you then file a sexual harassment complaint after the date?
because is not fear when lost work per corona virus
Most courts aren’t open due to corona virus
Looking for someone who really understands the pandemic unemployment insurance policies.  Not just regular unemployment policies. for NY State
I need legal help with being wrongfully terminated from my job, not to mention I was out sick for COVID-19
i'm looking for the legal intersection of covid, unemployment benefits, and student loans
i got a speeding ticket and a possesion ticket beofre all thsi shutdown nonense
Yes because they have taken lawsuit money stimulate money I just got a job work 3week and now the world have corona with no money
The federal law on March 12th says and a person does not need to quit their job just leave for high risk exposure
Is the speedy trial law different during the corona virus
We just got seaced from work due to the Coronavirus. Our landlord is asking us to vacate. What can we do?
Can I file to termination of my children's father rights because he has not seen them in 12 years
Where can I get person to petson help in getting unemployment benefits
Hi! Are you able to tell me if I qualify for unemployment under the new care act due to COVID19?
Can you tell me is it legal to keep pro time once terminated from employment
I want help to pay my full rent for this emergency corona virus
I'm trying to find out how to request for reconsideration unemployment insurance
Trying to locate a lawyer to find out if I am entitled to unemployment benefits during March 15 to june 15 as a uber driver
Does my children have to go to their fathers for the weekend with corona virus and governor cuomo  and the restrictions
I have an unemployment hearing about my benefits and need legal assistance
No I’m also jobless and I have been applying for jobs nonstop. I need a job right now with good pay and benefits
My employer laid me off due to coronavirus. They said I cant use my pto
i would like to file for custody of my son what don in have to do
I have a complicated question regarding my NYS unemployment benefits
They want to reduce my snap benefits from $194.00 a month to $35.00 a month and cut my medical
I am grandmother my question is with grandkids that need to go city during this coronavirus
I have a hearing with Unemployment Insurance Appeal Board on Dec 27, 2019 at 2:15PM in Brooklyn NY
Hi. I have questions about unemployment benefits, but it's a complicated question.
theres a new bail reform in New York that starts Jan 1st
I can't  pay whole rent because  I gain half income because  coronavirus
Denied unemployment insurance benefits in New York, self employed in New Jersey. 3 weeks nothing
no, business is not working due to coronavirus. We not allowed to work at this moment
After being in the  VA healthcare system for 32 years, recently told no longer eligible for VA Healtcare benefits.
Is safe to travel to New York city during the pause of coronavirus
Hi there, I have some questions regarding eligibility for the housing lottery that I was unable to find answers to online
Hi i stopped working because i became positive on the coronavirus
can i be forced to allow landlord to show house if i still reside there during coronavirus pandemic
I was denied unemployment benefits. I tried to call/ email/ visit unemployment centers yet no one was answering.
I lost my job because of coronavirus how can I get little money to supply of my bill
been back and forth with gm Corp. and dapala chevy for months with no resolution
I never received my unemployment benefits despite applying and receiving a monetary determination in early March
I live in Venezuela  and my aunt past away in april 8 2020 from  Coronavirus
This year I'm doing terrible almost running out of unemployment insurance benefits
i have an unemployment insurance hearing on march 8th 1pm
I have sole custody of my daughter and want to know how to go about termination of his parental rights
Thank you so much i'm gonna check the site now. Also right know i'm receiving unemployment benefits due to the situation. This afect me?
Will this provide me I formation to file with the new Corona virus procedures in place?
I do get unemployment benefits but they take away half of them I cannot survive whit that type of money
i am 74 can i get unemployment plus social sec and my medicare paid
He has thtreatened to kill her, has abused my grandson and my grandson has special needs
We both chronic diseases due to corona virus alot of people lost there jobs
you think he Coronavirus Court Hotline can help me more or the number about legal aid society can assist me more?
Looking for a lawyer for unemployment benefits claim against my wife for determination of overpayment  and  requirement for repayment
Workplaces not complying with work at Home due to coronavirus
hello, I had some questions about emancipation in new york?
I have unemployment insurance benefits  card from key2bank debit card and I can't withdraw money from my account
Interested in knowing my rights to work remotely instead of commuting due to coronavirus concerns
But being the Corona virus it has been prosponed till god knows when
I want to change visitation for my children with my ex-spouse during the Coronavirus.  How can I proceed?
i filed and unemployment claim with a pandemic application in April and i haven’t received any benefits
If my unemployment benefits were not being taken fully, I'd be fine
Good afternoon, I am inquiring if this service will help determine unemployment or disability insurance application.
sexual harassment and termination. When i complained, they fired me
denied regular unemployment insurance benefits. Live in NY self employed in NJ 3 weeks nothing for the $600
Is there anything like any financial assistance for citizens during the virus outbreak in ny?
I want to know the rights as a lease holder of a commercial space, in a relationship with subleases due to coronavirus
Sure. I am looking for advice on applying for unemployment insurance.
Hello. I applied for unemployed benefits  because of Covid-19, but it turned out that im not eligible.
Workplace discrimination and harassment. And unlawful termination.
You know, If my child need to renew passport, they always ask for parents signature.
I and my spouse had a symptoms of corona virus and I feeling ill time to time
I was once a Welfare Management Systems Analyst in Albany
Well she past front Coronavirus away in Regal Heights Rehabilitation and health  are center
and he's saying due to coronavirus, i cant continue with my visitation
I am a victim of New York City unemployment insurance crime and discrimination.
New York State unemployment benefits
I started a holdover case... then Coronavirus hit
It's been well over 10 years since I have had any cost of living adjustments  also he maybe working and collect unemployment benefits also
Since the coronavirus started he took them and never brought them back to me. He has visitation rights
If I can't work because I have a weaken immune system , under the coronavirus  and dont have accrued benefit time. Can i qualify for unemployment?
Hi, I need to consult with a lawyer in regards to how unemployment / covid benefits effect section 8 housing
Do I qualify for unemployment due to corona virus
I am attempting to apply for expedited snap benefits and am getting no assistance from DSS
(this is a good start, take a look at this page: https://www.lawhelpny.org/resource/coronavirus)
I work as an independent contractor at a gentlemans club and lost my job I'm March when they closed because of Corona virus
I would like to move away from nyc due to coronavirus
My child’s daca will need to be renewed by November but I’m going to file a I-130 to adjust status
I stop working due to corona virus
Hi there. I need help finding free legal representation/advice on filing for a hearing for an unemployment benefits discrepancy
Would I be still eligible for the unemployment benefit I resign? Or do I have to wait until I get laid off?
She don't care about our health or corona virus
I was retaliated against by my employer for reporting racial discrimination in the workplace
is there anything special suppoert happening due to the virus?
Is there rent forgiveness for 3 months if you don’t pay rent for MAY due to coronavirus? Yes
I fell behind in bill payments to a collection agency during the coronavirus. Can they seek a judgement against me during the pandemic?
I’m currently unemployed and filling and receiving UE benefits. I was a bus matron and was laid off due to corona virus
I recently started a new job and they have sent my employer Notice to Withhold for Health care  benefits.
Hi! I was wondering if I can get some guidance on Unemployment Insurance under the Care"s Act?
the father works at a hospital and he is always at risk for the Covid virus
I have green card and it will expired in Nov.2020.  I'm going to renew my green card in the next week.
My previous employer has appealed the NYS Dept. of Labor's decision to pay me unemployment benefits and I've already been given backpay.
I am helping a refugee.  On his snap card I think he gets housing benefits
I was receiving my unemployment benefits  and accept a job in June and start training
I got a letter from DOL regarding unemployment benefits I received for 11 different weeks
Is an court order visitation still active during the coronavirus outbreak?
