Is there an online docket of filings that I can look through.  I found one, but I dont know if it has family court matters
family court and order of protection and I full custody of my child
Another question... do you only answer questions in regards to family court?
can you send a pdf link for an order to show cause. Kong’s county family court
can i go to family court and pick up paperwork and file it there?
not in court at the moment. It would be Rensselaer county family court
I just got in the mail a letter from the family court. Should i be worried?
will I have to go to a family court and ask for the temporary custody? or is there a form online I can fill out?
I am currently looking for free family legal services.
I also have all his family members who back me up saying he is the father
I’ll call family court. Your giving me to much information I don’t understand
Hello My name is Yurman Yu. Is Brooklyn family court open yet? I have not received any mail regarding my new court date
No.  When she called Family Court earlier this week, a representative told her that she needed to complete an order-of-protection first.  Is this correct?
Are they on line?  Going to the family court building would be a burden right now.
hello im looking for imformation about a family court lawyer
I filed the visitation paper work and sent to Bronx family courts what is the next step?
Actually, not a hearing because as parents we have come to an agreement already. We just need to make it official.
I need to know if Ulster county family court is open for child support cases
it does not appear vthat family court will hear this matter because we settled in supreme court
Need information on free legal aid for family court
Hi I would like to know if Brooklyn family court is open
they told methat the check doesn't come through them, it comes through comptroller office who is connected with family court to process the payments
May you provide me with attorneys whom work with young adults  and families whom are long income?
I have an appearance in family court tomorrow at 3:30. The courts are still open
im really not sure I know it was a family court in Manhattan New York
I DONT SEE AN OPTION FOR FAMILY COURT
Ok thank you, is the family court open today as well I was trying to call but I got no answer
Everytime im about to get help this disconnects.  I need to find a lawyer for family court
Hi, How can I find it if  the westchester white plains family court will be open next week?
Case is in family court Suffolk County
Need a female attorney for Bronx NY Family court
No. Sorry didn't make it clear. I have numerous cases pending in Family Court. Today's question is about my visitation case
I need to find a family court lawyer I have no money though
so I can't search family court by name ?
family court off the state off New York country of
Hi I’m looking for a pro bono family law attorney
Family court in 330 jay street,Brooklyn,Ny 11201
can i go to family court for a test ? I’m willing to pay
Im looking for family court forms
Can I find out who is on the schedule for family court for monday december 2 2019
I mean I know there is custody and family law too
I already printed out a petition for modification, I just need to file it in family court
Trying to find a lawyer for family court
am I able to go to the family court building?
yes I need to file affidavit of service with westchester family court
Free legal consultation for family court
I am going through the Erie county family court in Buffalo New York
Where can I find a family court attorney in Yates county?
DA office. Family Court. Attorney General of NY.
Is family court open so I can get this started
Yes kings county family court order protection
This the family court of the state of NY right
should I call or go there in person to family justice?
need a video on how to file through the EDDS process, for family court Brooklyn, NY.
The public defender's offices have declined to represent me until the matter goes to family court.
I need Order To Show Cause Bronx Family Court
Brooklyn, King and I found on 330 Family court
Richmond county. Two family dwelling purchased 2016. I live there in one apartment.
Hello, I have to go to the Family Court, Long Island on 19th next month
Ok, thank you.  I'm having some medical issues right now & am being asked constantly about family history.
Hi, how do i locate a mediator to help assit with parental custody before having to be seen by a judge in family court?
Specifically the family tree affidavit section
my divorce stated i needed to go to family court to contest anything.
Are courts open in Brooklyn for family court
I need to know when nyc family court open in queen jamaica...
I need an attorney for my up and coming court proceeding in family court
could you have contact Queens Family Court  email ？
Is there a way to see when my court date is online for family court
Do you know if I need to make an appointment to get family court information or can I walk in?
i need help with a family court issue
I need free help with family law
from Nassau county family court in order to file, the court house’s are close
Whats the phone number to Onondaga family court?
Is this the right avenue, to ask for help looking up a family case - to obtain the case number?
I need the violation forms for Family Court
Erie County Family Court @ 2pm 01/14/21
Right but it doesn’t say which family court it must be...
So, I don't have to tell the current ACS worker assigned to our family?
Family court order. . I never married her mother
Hello! you actually helped me a few minutes ago, I had a question about filing for custody in family court
Hello where can I find the nys laws regarding family issues
I need help finding free legal services that deal with family law
I am currently looking for like free family law legal advice
The court house is Rockland county family court in New York
I was mandated by family court to a dna test
Family court bronx  900 Sheridan ace bronx ny 10451
and I need the email to the Bronx family court to send it
police wont help me and nor will family court
As a self employed contractor what do I need as proof of having started a job to family court
How will family services help me? We have no kids together
Is the family court in goshen, ny open today?
I was told that it was too early for them to make any arrangements for me and to call back closer to due date
My names Ana jamal family service in Poughkeepsie gave me this number for housing
so now I need the email to the Bronx family court to send it PDF
Yes, but do i need parents permission? i have extended family i can stay with, and i intend to get a job.
No, thank you. I'm going to look more into family court.
Family court drills to a not in service number too
She hold knife to chase my family and she called police, she said she see strange people and just protect her.
I read something about settling at family court first?!?
i thought so but the Bronx family court said I have to go to Westchester county.
for example, i know queens has a family court.. it would go there?
i need information for families trying to bring their families here to united states
You are about to begin: NYS Family Court Support Modification and Violation/Enforcement *diy
I wanted to get the website, For the family court that talks about if one parent, has a siblings that is experiencing flu s
I need to file custody and support with family court in riverhead. Can I go get paperwork.
Some family members and church members get together and made up a power attorney behind my back
Is the family court in goshen,ny open today?
I need to find free legal advice about a shared family property
Yes please. Erie County Family Court.
I have to go back to idv court becuase that's where I last was....I wasn never released from the idv judge to family court
Hello I’m Raymond w denis I’m looking to get all the information from Oneida county family court
I have been trying to contact family court and no answer
Are Westchester county family courts open?
Do I address this in family court or file a civil suit to get him to make payments?
Family Court said they are open but petitions go online
So I am at a family members house and it’s too far from Suffolk or Erie county for me
Good morning, I am a case manager at a family shelter located in Long Island City.
i was trying to find out when my next court date was for family court
also, I wanted to ask about their law guardian during the divorce would he carry to family court
Is there a staff attorney at Albany Family Court?
Is family court open also in Manhattan
Kind of my mother is taking me to family court to take my child away when It all be
Are the family courts open to process this type of issue?
Office of the Public Advocate, Commission on Human Rights, Housing Court Answers, Division on Community and Housing Renewal and the Attorney General
do we have a list of phone numbers for the family court
are there any specific organizations that help with family that involves special needs children?
I am looking to find an attorney specializing in custody/visitation in Saratoga county that is respected in that family court?
thanks but thats for family. thanks anyway
single family and multi family I can get the information to bid on
Would you happen to know if Queens Family Court has been authorized to receive such applications via EDDS?
I need a lawyer for myself to look over this parenting agreement.
This is for a child support matter that is scheduled in poughkeepsie family court on 1/28
Hi im looking for Chemung County family court modification papers
Good afternoon. I am a senior case manager and am assistaing a client. Her former partner has violated the Criminal Court and Family OP's.
Called family court? Sounds like you may not live in Nyc
they did and they said that they can't help me with family law cases.
but she has zero communication with the family, I haven’t been served and have 2 of his minor children
Hello Ashlynn, could you help me find a family offence attorney in NYC area?
Hi good afternoon.  I WOULD LIKE THE email to family court in the Bronx
are you able to tell me if family court in Manhattan is open
I’m having a hard time with family court
Does the Family Court of the State of New York have jurisdiction?
Lyons family court wayne county
A family agreement not involving court documents
This is a custody case in Queens Family Court
Have a great evening and you and your family stay safe and healthy!!!
On the Upper East Side (in the 80th and 1st Ave) in Manhattan
i need a list of pro bono family law lawyers
I'm trying get some answer from my Lawer about my family court case and how to go about it
Is Family Court the right court to address no spousal support and abandonement?
I am looking to get legal aid for a family custody matter.
Just trying to find out N.Y. parameters of parental obligation regarding a 19 year olds college payments
Where can I read about relocation family court laws? Is there a statute or law document available I can read to see the rules?
Who can I call for free family law consultation in Albany county?
She stood very quiet didnt have anything to say. Then we gave her the family members numbers that can collaborate our intial complaints.
I need legal assistance to be represented in court for family
so there is basically no way around having to filing the custody, maitanance and support forms filled in family court
I want to know how I can make a appoiment in the family court to get my kid costudy
can you explain as to what you mean when you say my optionsn in family court
it caused a lot of mental frustration and family stress.
family court in central islip ny
Yes and we want to know how to proceed. We want to be placed back together in a family sheltet
As a landlord of a 2 family unit do I need to supply a deadbolt in chautauqua county
I need to find a lawyer that deals with family court to meet today
In family court why does the judge ask if either party filed for divorce ny state
Hello is bronx  family  court  open
I like to find out where I can go to get legal aid for a family court case
or if the Family Court in Brooklyn Jay St is open to allow new peitions to be filed?
Hello I’m trying to seek help in a family court situation
How long does it take for the New York Queens Family Court to get a date from the day you file your petition
Its family law and its in regards to my custody case
yes family court custody & childsopport
I would like to know about  Family Court Mediation services
Yes I have an active custody case in Queens family court
Trying to find the lawyer paper for family court
what is the number to call and ask family court questions
I'm trying to see if I can get some family court records
Hi. Do you know when the family court will open to public?
Law enforcement has told me many things, all different. Most recently, they said to go to family court.  I need something more immediate.
I had an hearing today queens family court
yes the summons is for NY family court
Is there any lawyers that would do payments for representation in family court?
i need a family law or family defense lawyer to represent me in a court case.
Good morning so I have a few questions about a few things regarding family court
I don't need a lawyer, just information from the family court
It’s a NYS Family Court issue
Hi all I’m looking for is the electronic testimony forms for New York City Family Court.
Hi, I’m wondering if there are family court lawyer’s available pro Bono
Family court kicked me out the house we were in .let her come back then fit me for the bill
do you know how to get transferred to family treatment court?
I need the proper information to Staten Island family court please
I have a random question about DNA testing. Is there a specific agency that does the DNA testing for family court cases ?
looking for a family law paralegal to do some paperwork for custody
on the left corner it says family of the state of New York country off
That discusses Family Court. My order is from Criminal Court
Is it possible to take your parents to family court if they refuse to give you all of your documents?  Such as passport
Please can Family court assist me with accommodation and how can I fill for child support in Brooklyn New York?
I need help finding council for a family court case.
if I make 52 a year and have family size of just 1 person
How do we know which court to go to concerning an adoption? Is it surrogate's court or family court?
As well as he is trying to work out family court asking if we can work something out
and the number where I fax it to to ulster county family court
Can I go to family court pro se and file the appropriate paperwork for adoption?
Yeah can you recommend a family court lawyer that won't break my pockets
I am looking for a new public defender for family court and im not sure where to start
I went to family court in brooklyn october 1st
OH ONE MORE QUESTION WHAT PART OF THE FAMILY COURT SYSTEM IS OPEN IF ANY?
The appellate court is separate from family court correct?
I need to find an attorney to help me with a case I would like to open in family court in regards to custody
Onondaga county family court house unfortunately said they don’t have a copy of that
Okay, understood. The bronx Family Court is where our case has been heard over and over again for the last 10 years.
Yes. I would like to ask if any family court in Queens or Brooklyn open
Is family ct open this week on Thursday or still clossed
Family court ( hon Susan m kushner) of 30 Clinton av
😩 thanks. So Brooklyn family court
Looking for form to reschedule a family court date
Regarding the divorce process. We would have to go to family court and get things with kids on paper settle
the case is in Nassau county family court
although the family ct. matter is in Kings
I think we should be transferred to family treatment court
Hi! I have a hearing this Friday in family court. Do we go in person or will there be a phone or video hearing
I missed my family court date yesterday thinking it was today and would like to reschedule. How can I do this?
Could you explain me where I should go? I believe I have to go to family court and file order of filiation ?
what is the location of the records room in family court?
ok.   where can i get some free legal adivce for family court
I lost the chat you just did with info for family law
Do you know if family court is reopened for live cases?
I'm not sure if the family courts are open to take new cases
I'm trying to get to family court but they only accepting appointments how can I make one
The proceedings will be held in Rensselaer County Family Court
I was in family court in January  28 2018, and I need a copy of the transcript
Are there family offence attorney? Or is that not a type of attorney?
there are two family courts in the same county- how do I determine which one?
But I just went to the site in bronx family court
Family court Staten Island (Richmond)
yes Im told to file in family court
do i go to family court and get the paperwork?
I have a question about a subpoena in a family court case that isnt mine but I'm being dragged into
Yes.   When are family court judges up for re-election?
Hi Lindsey, I was looking at http://www.nycourts.gov/courthelp/Family/divorceOverview.shtml for the process for an uncontested divorce case. What is the process for a contested divorce?
I tried calling the family court in Yonkers Westchester County with no sucess....
I have an issue with a family member with my elderly mother.
I NEED A FAMILY LAW LAWYER THAT CAN REPRESENT ON THE COURT DATE! !
Ok, should I go to the bronx family court tomorrow morning to show "Just Cause" so i can try to move the case up?
family of the state of New York county off _________________ then it says
And other cases in Staten Island and the other one is in Manhattan Family Court
Yes i would like information on whether i need to go to the Bronx Family  Court
NEW YORK COUNTY FAMILY COURT ORDER OF PROTECTION VIOLATION:
The judge told me that this is subject to family court exception for child visitation purposes
Is there anyway of getting a copy of a family court order?
and can you provide me with the Staten Island Family Court address
im looking to get the order to show cause online for family court for my 14 year old daughter.
But then I went to family court. And saw the judge today
Can an immigrant file Standby Guardianship papers in Rockland's Family Court, or is another court in charge?
For me to the civil case I have to go threw family court?
I was just served  a summons from a law firm  that represent  a hospital. I don't understand  the summons and what they want from  me.
Ok. I’m not sure why it says family court. I wouldnt think adult matters were handled in family court
I volunteered with Santuacry for Families, helping with protection order filings at the family court in Brooklyn
One more question what is an article of the family act?
it was done in nassau county family court i believe
wanted to inquire about an affordable family law attorney in nyc
My aunt virjean George has joint legal custody with me having physical sole custody of my children out of Schenectady NY family court
i need information on a family court lawyer for l ow income
I need an attorney in the bronx family court for representation, how can you help pls?
Ok, so you cannot tell me whether a family court clerks office will accept a petition?
Yes in family court in 151-20 Jamaica Avenue ny
Yes. I'm currently in a family shelter.  But I have a voucher to get an apartment
I have two brother on active duty with families and all of us have families except two and we cannot be liable for this.
My understanding was in family court you need a lawyer, and there are no free services!
I have a trial coming up in family court because th
I am looking for information on mean test for probono attorney in family court
Right but if you enter westchester three separate family courts come up
I’m not interested in a chat buddy. I want the number to Rensselaer County Family Court
How can I get copies of my court agreements made in family court?
im sorry I’m not to familiar with the terminology but exactly !,,, FAMILY COURT ORD
I need a copy of my family court order
No I hope that does it there not only  pets there my family and don't know what I'd do if I lost them
the roommate who has brought another roommate is a family member
Ok where do I find them online or do I need to go downtown to family court building
The arrearage order from the Family Court in Watertown.
Thank you and Manhattan, New York but the  case is in the Bronx Family court.
I called the family court and the clerk said to send to website, edds@nycourts.gov
Family court- my daughter turned 21 yrs. of age and it's a modification due to emancipation.  Rockland County (Zoom Call this thursday)
Is Family Court at 330 Jay Street open? Are documents being distributed at the current time?
I want to flies a petition for my son on family Court EDD and I’m having a hard time on my phone
Hello when family court open in queen nyc...
I am trying to get an emergency virtual Court hearing for family court
I’m going to leave work early and go to family court very soon to get this done
I have a pending case in family court and the opposing counsel is asking for me to pay their fees.
hello, this website does not seem to have family court decisions
I just need options cause family court just sides with her all the time.
police ssay that family court matter
Pending case is for support.  Family Court
I have paternity summons to go tomorrow at 9am will family court still be open tomorrow
my case is a about Paternity proceeding. I lost it. So I want to know how  I can make new appointment
Hi, I'm trying to connect to a  family law training with Proskauer
I will try to call the other #s but last week I called several family foundations and got no answer or call back
soory, it was entered in the office of the clerk of the family court on 6/2/09
i would like the number for brooklyn family court kings and to be connected with lift
What are the parents rights if your child was placed in a treatment facility by family court judge?
Hello, i would like to know how can i find out if there any unresolved family court matters that i may be attached to?
i rent the third floor of a single family home.
Will file unemployment nys tomorrow is his day and family court is closed
New york city family court (Manhattan)
I have a custody enforcement from NJ. I need the bronx family court e-mail to send to the paperwork to them.
Yes, but because it is Family Court I can o my see scheduled dates there. I can’t see proof of any filings.
mother filed in supreme today to bring the family court matter to supreme
ok but i was told i have to go to family court due to the fact that she has my ex hubands last name
Yes.  Family court issue.  I am not the party in question but feel I should be protected
My case was about 2 years ago in the Queens family court and I misplaced that last support order.
also i have a family court matter id like some advice on
So my family and I are relatively new home owners
Is Westchester county family court open?
What is a hearing for control purposes in family court.
Her family went to her apartment and she was gone. They contacted the police and reported her and my daughter missing
A list of numbers for family attorney near me
These are pro bono and include Estate Law in Ulster County? Thank you
I need to find a free lawyer for family court and someone who can help me with a process server for paperwork
I believe that the police went to my friend’s family member’s residence and told them about the warrant.
ok can you provide me address for suffollk family court
Im not sure what to click I clicked family services and put the info in
Great! Are there any other organizations that you have information related to family issues and court?
I am looking for help in a family court case my children are involved in
i checked the family court page, i still don't know what to do
Do you have the info for family court? I can’t find it
What the judge said was the person was not a family member
okay okay so the family court in the Bronx
will this number give me updated information in regards to the family court
Hi I need advice from a family court lawyer
Are you able to tell me if family court is open
I am looking for a lawyer to help me in a paid family leave case but there is nothing coming up on the directory
And why do i need to go to family court to get the restraing ordoe aginst him.
Oh ok i didnt know that. Ok and do i put attn family court?
I’m seeking consultation for family court matters
I was just informed that i need to get a lawyer for a family court case that my name is involved in
NYC Family Court at 60 lafayette
Is family court in nyc open yet?
They directed me to go the Queens family court
is family court in white plains open
thn i started to keep going family court at jamaica more the 15 hearing
I am looking for a legal aid to help fight a family court case
Hello where do I find forms at my spousal support modification? Family court
Family court is in Staten Island not Saratoga
Family Court in Central Islip, NY.
its' in White Plains family court docket #O-02420-20
I need help e filing a family court no contact order
hi scott my nephew is scheduled for family court in montgomery county ny , any idea what time court starts
i need to find a legal aid for family court purposes
I haven’t called family court or the coronavirus hotline
So I am trying to prepare for the "family court aspect"
Hi I am trying to get representation to help me with a family court matter.
i called womens justice they are booked with the attorneys
Im looking for help from an attorney on a family court case
Regarding the 1) City Bar Justice Center Legal Hotline, will they answer if I am not one of poor/low-income resident?
Legal Services for the Elderly in Queens (Part of Jewish Association for Services for the Aged - JASA)
Do you know if family court is open.  I need the actual court ordered visitation papers. .. and yes u can transfer me , thank u
Do I file in the bronx where the case was originally or do I file in manhattan family court where we all live now?
Family court searches seem to only have options for search by lawyer or court case number, which has not been assigned yet i think
this matter is already in front of family court
this is so much easier to figure out in family court
Yeah i agree. I just feel stuck. Im broke i have no family here no friends.
okay thanks i found the family one too
Nassau County Family Court I think in Westbury
do you think I can go to family court to get these bills covered by him?
I checked the family court schedule and would like to have some more information from experienced  expert. So I come here. Thank you ~
My lawyer told me that I couldn't go to  Family court for some reason and have to see the divorce judge  that violated my rights
Do I need a referral from Family Court to use your services?
in family court I thought you didn't need to have representation in the beginning?
Greene family court in Catskill, NY.
No I live in Brooklyn but my case is in queens family court
When will the queens family court reopen ？
I have read that the family court is for children not adults
If i was to go to Family Court Downtown Brooklyn would they have me doing the same steps?
I have a Family Court pending matter and I retained an attorney to represent me. The matter is still pending.
I am a landlord for 2 family house in queens
Hi, How can I find it if the westchester white plains family court will be open next week?
I called and the boy told me that I need a way to change the family rate
I need help understanding the questions on forms for family court
Here are two legal referrals that you can connect with: Legal Information for Families Today (LIFT)
I like to know if the family courts are open yet?
do i mail it to the family court house or is there a separate P.O box?
Need pro bono/ free for family court hearing
you help find legal help or are from family court
is the location within the family court in queens?
hi I’m trying to efile custody through family court and I can’t find the link
I live in the Bronx and would like to know where to start...family court or surrogates court?
Thanks! Family court, kongs County
Im looking for a great lawyer for a family court case
Do I call family court and speak to a clerk ?
Thanks I've already delt with legal ade and family services...no use what so ever I'll try the others
NY family courts do not allow anything to be filed in person.
Sure. It’s Family Court in the Bronx. I believe it’s on Sheridan Ave.
if I want to get my family friends mail forwarded to me I have a po box
if I start the divorce process in Supreme Court I can’t do anything In the family court right
I need to know if Family Court is open
I need the phone number for the free legal help the nyc family court offers
I don't know how to start a family court case
I did a few family law pro bono projects in law school, and I understand sometimes clients miss meetings for various reasons
No but thank  you I will try and contact the family court where the order is in place
They are not in family court, sorry. I thought that this might fall into what you do.
Yes, all my cases are in Queens Family Court.
Good morning, is Brooklyn family court open?
I am interested in Nassau County family court and Supreme court
Family Court in Queens,  New York
How can I find out what time is my child support hearing today? At 330 jay st Brooklyn by Family court
I'm looking for the contact number for family court in the Bronx because I'm looking to file a full custody for my son
I went to family court today and got the run around
ok.  So would the family court have a record of how that was done?
Familycourt of the state new yourk county of suffort
Once a child turns 18 does family court still have jurisdiction
I have a question regarding a family court issue in Wayne County NY
I am wondering if I can go into the family court today to seek help for preparing for a virtual court appearance?
IS FAMILY COURT STILL HOLDING IN PERSON COURT HEARINGS?
Ok help me find the family court in westchester
I have a court date on April 8th at 2:30 pm in the family court located on 900 sheridan ave bronx NY
No need to resume looking.  To be fair I work for the NYC family court and I can't even get an answer on this.
Is Schenectady family court in session today?
I will like to know is family court open serving non essential cases
It is! It is filed in Westchester County at The White Plains Family Court.
Family court isnt open yet...
As I heard last, I have to go to family court tomorrow for child support
can we still go to family court for child support and then go on uncontested?
so I do not want to waste any moer time with the Family Court I just want the CSU desk review by the STATE
lawyer for Family Court to help me out in my situation to help me out in my situation
I’m trying to file online for family court but I don’t see it on e-file
and given how the family court is handling it I am honestly not pleased
I need help finding an attorney for family court
Can I go to family court to start the process?
But do I need to go back to supreme court or family court
Family court is close! What to do! In week or so i could honwleea
The court date is for NJ family court
I would like free consultation about family rights
Hi , just wanted to know if any lawyers do pro bono divorce or custody cases that will soon be going thru a trial ?
i am looking for a petion viloation form for family court
Family court is closed how do i get a court date?
He found out where I lived and family court put a tempry protective order on him
i just need info about filing a petition before i sign some papers,but the family courts are close in the bx
Is Family Court in NY claims court?
I need help finding free legal services for a family offense case
There is no active case in family court and I am unsure if a visitation order was ever created
that only has a link for active family court cases
I have been coming back and forth to tbe bronx family court for a year with nothing done
should i contact family court on this for filing order?
Ok, how do i find out if there has even been any family court cases, claims or proceedings that involved me?
One more thing...is the family court in nyc open as yet
Even today I am sitting in family court since 9. They just went to lunch
Hi. Does family court handle matters relate to elder abuse?
I am looking for a free or less expensive family court attorney
Westchester family court Yonkers ny
Just checking the status of manhattan family court
I am looking to find an attorney for family court
Want to make sure Family Court is the right place to do this
The family court free lawyer search on the website.
but Ontario county family court dose open back up on tuesday
are the family courts accepting new petitions right now?
If I call the family court can they look it up via my ss number?
I can't find the family Court forms online.
Are these legal aid family court lawyers
I am looking for a pro bono family lawyer in staten Island. Everyone I call fron the list does not take family cases.
The respondent resides in MA. The alleged incident happened in MA. Petitioner was living in Brooklyn and filed for order in Kings Family Court.
yeah, but because of the pandemic it just made situation worst, i have been going to family court and it is still closed.
I am trying to find legal services for a family court case
does family court have a financial affidavit disclosure in spanish
looking for a family offence attorney in NYC area?
He refuses to share with me the documents he filed with the Family court and only sends me drafts, rather than the documents actually filed.
And where can I find this subpoena form? I will be doing it at the Brooklyn family court.
New York King's County family court
I want to write up AN FAMILY COURT  ORDER TO SHOW CAUSE
Do you have a phone number  i can call at the Brooklyn Family Court ?
Can you please let me know if Queens county family court is open?
I know they end at 21. I’m asking if I go thru Family Court for the arrears her Dad still owes
So family court, how does it work? Do i just show up and ask for custody? What do i need to bring with me?
Do you support White Plains NY family court
Hi there, I work at a preventive program and am new to family courts
