second looks the same do i bring it back to family court?
That's through family court though, the order is through supreme court
No thank you. And can I just walk into family court and ask to see someone about getting guardianship
How does one person go about requesting a court apperence in Family Court for not appearing to their Order of Protection summons
however I will be honest that through family court I do have a court case(s) running already
So I went to family court and spoke with the judge
What about a lawyer who would go to family court with her, replacing the horrible lawyer that she has now through family court.
I'll just go to family court and if I have to go back I will
I’m at family court now located at 60 Lafayette
hi,im trying to send a petition to the family court, ro change my pick up and drop off loction...
I realize the petition must be filed at Family Court, just trying to avoid going in-person to grab the paperwork.
looking for forms to help me ask family judge for court appointed lawyer.
because of Covid-19, the Family Court doesn't open , I don't know how to file the extension of this order of protection  by myself now
I cant get anyone on the phone from yonkers family court
I been trying to rich family court this past months but it looks like everything is close
How can I get a lawyer for family court like a free one
i wanna appeal family court order of protection
i manually write on this form and hand it in to family court?
Me too it's been vary emotional for me and my family am dealing with so much more then this but this is taken a toll
My appointment was on April 24 but for the pandemic the court close, Bronx family court
Hi, I'm in need of a lawyer for family court and I don't understand how my sons mothers already got one
I would like to request a change on venue in family court
The maternal Grandmother is in Florida and cannot appear in person and so needs to request to testify electronically/by phone
yess   i kow  that    but the say   i have to go to family  cord  first. cuz  i  have  child   suport
seeking info to obtain original signed and certified Family Court Order authorization for issuance of us passport without non applying parent consent
Hello. I am seeking help in regards to a family court order.
yonkers family court i believe or westchester family court.
We just went through almost a year of family court. Final order was entered 12/04/2019. It is paternal grandfather.
also my brother needs a family court lawyer to discuss the issues he’s having with the child’s mother
legal aid Lawyer for Family Court
The request for hearing is from Queens Family Court
Hi,I want to ask some questions about family court form 6-1
Can you please provide legal services for family court lawyers ?
I will like to stop my procedure in the family court
I am seeking legal help for my case that I have in family court
Family Court... I would like to know the nature of the appearance. The letter is very vague
I would like to know the specifics for the Suffolk County Family Court as I had originally requested above, please.
for family court and the other party is violated the order and withheld child
There closed right now.  Is there anyway online to look up my temporary order through family court
hello im trying to find an affidavit of service form for ny family court
hello I have temporary full custody of my son in family court
i have proof the call was bogus as a result from a family squabble while handling our mother's estate .
i heard family court is not taking new petitions.  If someone perjures themselves in a petition how can we refute that, what motion gets filed
And it's much harder for someone to get an attorney that's broke for supreme Court than it is for family court
awesome is this all i would need to do to apply? do i mail it to my local family court?
I have came from family court but they do nt let me go in
Okay Now I understand. I can do that by going to the family court and ask for a sole custody
I don’t need COVID assistance. Just need to see what form is the right one to send to family court
I was wondering if there were any guidelines reccomended by NY family court regarding Covid19 and custody exchanges
I’m also trying to recuse the judge in family court. Judge Young refusing to leave.
I’m would like to know how I can file an Order to Show Cause at Manhattan Family Court to request a virtual hearing.
I need the family court form to vacate a spousal support order
My son has a court date on January  4th in queens family court  what are the procedures  to covid 19
can you help me to find a family court case in Suffolk, please?
I'm trying to find a pro bono lawyer for my family court case, as legal aid won't help me due to a conflict of interest
I have a court date on March 30th at 9am at Queens family court for child custody. Will they be opened?
Can the family court change a criminal court stay away order to a Refrain from order ?
or it is better to go to family court and ask for help in person?
Ok I'm am goin threw a very bad family court process that has been going on for 3 years....
Where can I get a transcript request form for Suffolk family court
I’ve called family Justis center safe Horizon and no one can help
Thank you. I was looking for general information. I know certain cases aren't being accepted due to COVID. Is family court accepting Custody petitions yet?
Wanted to know is family court open I have a court date 6/25/20 for an order of protection
yes i have a parenting agreement though NY family court
family court and criminal will be against if a non family was in
Thank you. I am not sure if I can do it in Family Court if order issued by Supreme Court
1 order of protection is from family court and the other is from criminal court
Family Court told me I need to attach a pre-court questionnaire also known as an ID slip to the petition for visitation
I had a custody case regarding my daughter from 2017 till May 2019 on St.Island family court and case was dismissed by the judge.
hurt me.  I tried to get an attorney from Safe Horizons and Family Justice Center etc, all the same story
Please can you assist with a family law referral for her
Please just help me know which court to address. Is it Family, Surrogate, Supreme, District? That's all I need
I cant download custudy papers for broome cou ty family court its a emergency case
Family, I already have a court order however I just need a little clarification
How would I contact the Queens supreme court. Yes please send tb
I just need a copy of two different judgements that were given in family court to give to my new attorney
or do I have to finish the cases at Family court first before proceeding to get a divorce at Supreme Court
I have a court order in place. Family court. If the other parent violates this. What steps can I take?
Please provide all those emails for filing emergency applications with Queens Family Court
i have to go back to family court in january  for m y son who is 14
I was given a referral by Erie county family court in Buffalo NY to the assigned council program
Hi i need a family court attorney I currently have a family court case
I am in Queens but our custody agreement was done in Manhattan family court
Appellate Term, First Department, Supreme Court of New York. I am Pro se and if I mess up my family of four will be evicted
I ordered my custodial certificate from family courts archieve. It should have been ready for me to pick up.
Thank you so much u and ur family b safe
I am trying to discover how evidence and a list of witnesses should be presented to Judge Cecily Morris in family court?
Can a health care proxy withhold the location of a parent from the immediate family?
Yes it was done in Saratoga family court
I just did not want to send it to the family court did not know if there was a specific address for it
the mother even claimed to one of my family members that she would put a protective order against me when she got back to NY
But family court is closed n I am needing help doing it online
Where can i get help if a family court order isn't being followed and courts are closed?
and family court i do not qualify for because i am the step parent
can family court overthrow Supreme Court pendente lite ?
so i need to go straight to family court
It was put in place by my child's attorney that was appointed through the family court
Yes please it the family court in central Islip
I am in family court over visitation with an abusive. Father of my son
my only problem is I don't know which court options to choose everyone I choose don't have family court or custody petitions under it
Hi. I am searching for a pro bono lawyer for family court but most of the associations haven't helped me so far.
Good Morning, I have a visitation court orad a return court appearance to see family court referee: Lundy on Friday, April 17, 2020.
order against parent to child in family court
I went to family court requesting my custody certificate
I want to modify my family visitation for my son
I am looking to file Family Court Custody/Visitation Modification Petition Program and wanted to understand what is considered  "change in circumstances."?
I am just trying to find a simple definition for the terms Family court order 251 and 322.
We have a court order out of Goshen Family court
i see that the earliest time to get court help is in late july at queens family court
i am talking to family solutions to take custody of my daughter but they asked me to see wh'en courts re open
I was granted full custody in a Family Court Order
its family court when it’s about custody it stays about custody ? Or can other stuff be added and requested
During COVID orders of protection are now emailed instead of brought to family court. I am trying to find that email
can you help with a family lawyer he has an upcoming court date still pending
I was supposed to be transfered to family law and no one came back
I saw that under the Fair Housing Act, an application cannot be denied for reasons of alienage or national origin
Do you know if the family court are receiving Writ during the pandemic
How come my grands was never with family straight to three different strangers
I would.lime to talk to a free attorney about a family case
I’m trying to find the form called “affidavit of withdrawal” for family court custody
Can I request some relief to family court to demand the LL to cooperate
thank you. Also is the Family Bronx court open? I have court this month but only received a document stating that is Virtual Chambers
I need a court appointed lawyer for family court
also is the request through family court or direct to child services
No. It’s against someone who falsely accused a family member and we’re afraid she’ll do it again
I have 2 children is currently in my custody while pending the outcome from the Family court
ok.. i was told to go to www.nycourts.gov/forms/familycourt and fill out the form to modify
If I get a legal aid attorney in family court would they be able to help me with the divorce in the supreme court?
Hello, I'm trying to find out how I can gain access to my family court order. I've misplaced my custody order
I’m just trying to find the form to be able to print out a modification form for family court
I went to the family court house..but the judge is not taking any new petition because of covid19..
:( I wish there was something I could do. What if his family gave my family covid?
Hi, I'd like a copy of an existing family court order and cannot find it on the website
I cannot find the DIY form to request for an order of protection in family court
I would like to request the court provide us with a court ordered family planning form.  I believe this is a modification of custody.
How can I stop a transfer of a case from family court to supreme court
This not what I need. is there someone in Westchester family court that can help
Need to file paternity in family court please tell me how on line
I want to find out how to appeal a final order from the family court.
How can I find a free legal aide for family court
Speedy trial motions to go to relatives home anything
the stay away order was issued by criminal court but they checked the family court modification box
I have already went to the Bronx family courthouse there is no one available because of the COVID-19 pandemic
Hi Lucas I need to get a family court lawyer for a trial I have on the 18th of February
Hello I’m seeking the return of my kids family court writ of habes corpus and how after disposition hearing .
First i would like to know if family court is expected to be open on Friday with all this COVID-19  going around
It wasn't done through family court, that's the issue. It was done through Supreme Court.
the family court modification box is checked
I received a family offense petition in the mail i need a lawyer
really just wish family court could help me
i can bring petition to family court house
