he got 5 stitches n was laughter at the hospital cus I was there too
I've been waiting since March to get this resolved
ok no problem, and perfect think I'm all set sorry for the barrage haha
last time I physically seen my daughter was back in early March
Ok but do these people really help people like me
Thank you 🙏🏻 my mom is very sick with the virus too but on the mend.  I hope you are all well safe and well
We've been here for 5 years we found this room in a ad in the newspaper,
Then we are going to see a pastor who help us to do the final meditation
I am being taken to court,by a man I lived with for 15 yrs,Martin Mascia
There is a temporary one in place this is to have the final put in place
Need help with finding deed to my home
until I resolve this issue   I cannot continue.  I'll deal with access now  and back to you later
Okay let me reword that my son wants to come and live with me is there anything his mother can legally do
A credit card bill, it says the judgement was entered in 2010
I've given the company over a decade and I was given an unfair package.
No I feel since speaking to you that there is hope especially during these times
His children are scare of not seeing their dad n something might happen
I need to find something right now that will allow me to save.
I have a judgement against someone and I would like yo locate any assets
I feel like the courts are doing wrongful judgments against me
Thankyou. Is there any possibility you can direct me to a resource with a live chat.
Ok Iam going to take a look
I also believe I can be seen some how as everyone nos my business
yes my boyfriend is looking for some legal council
and thing have escalated from there his called cops 6 different occasions among other hostile acts
I just want my name clean and end this in the right way.
Someone else within the service is treating me differently than everyone else
Or anything you are allowed to opinionate on in regards to said concern.
L new to the town and I was parking to walk home and this happened
I want them back so I can move forward with my life
hi my name crystal rivera i just wanna i can i get more money from my child
its a total overreach of government and im terrified about the power that seems to have gone to our leader's heads
Oh my god thank you so much you have been an angel
That is true. Thank you. I will discuss with dad and we will proceed from there. You have been most helpful. We have options now.
I'd like to know what the procedure is to get someone out of my home.
no el mayor no es de el
I will, thanks so much for the assistance, have a great evening
I have experienced things that I wouldn't wish for my worst enemy
I don’t know witch one I need yet ty
How are you? I’m trying to get information on how I would go about having my daughters father relinquish his parental rights permanently.
yes an I need a coppie of it plz think you
Ms. Wilson at 1851 Phelan Place
is water al over my bathroom I can't wait more
my name is Nicole, I need help on an issue that happened a little over a week
Hi how are you? Question, How do I go about reinstating my parental rights
Oh OK I'm gonna  go take a quick look
I just wanted to know if it was possible because of the last of physical abuse...
i was going thru postpartum and dealing with a lot mentally when I made the decision to go to court
I think that's it! Thanks for your help Janelle
Based on the conversation I just had with EEOC this is something I would need to at this point take to state court
No that is all at the moment. Thank you once again, stay safe and sane through all of this craziness
I am an LGBT, I fear to return beck to my country because of the treatment that I went through
Hello Matt my name is shaun nice to meet you
I am single mom and work as a nurse with income yearly $80000, will i able to get free lawer
THANK YOU. I AM JUST SO AFRAID MY SISTER WILL GO AHEAD AND DO AWAY WITH MY MOTHERS POSSESSIONS BEFORE I CAN GET SOME HELP.
Thank you let me take a quick look
yes I would like that I want to know my rights
Hi, How do i go about getting a copy of and old decision from 2010 based on court results.
Is there anything I can do to fix this with out getting time in jail ?
I need help with 2 things 1st thing is possibel discrimination at work
No you have been wonderful. I now have a start point. Have a wonderful evening
I need help asap with getting him back with me his mother
But overall, you got there coming to the end which is great
That would be awesome if you could help me find someone that could possibly help us.
I have been so afraid Crystal very long now thank you for giving me a glimmer of hope again
yes, a lady gave me your site to try
Good morning my name is Frank Garofolo
Now he has tested positive for covid 19 and want to redo the compassion release with the help of a lawyer and do it properly
I need to know about my rights as a mom aswell
I really need someone to go to court with me
already did...and everything ends after 21.
I'm trying to learn how do I apply for the COLA
I welcome any opinions you can share. I cannot find a best solution without worrying about hurting the mom.
Can I just get let go from a job for now reason
I did that already on March 4th we was supposed to be seen by a judge. & we couldn't do it because of the cover.
but i think it would be helpful for him to have someone take one last look
Anything directly related to the DOL has been a nightmare, other than that I haven't explored too many options
Hello. I was looking on the website for the areas of practices, but could not find corporate retaliation
(I think there is someone in her building who is a notary and might be able to notarize without her going out.)
my school is there and I am looking for something near my school
then i guess compensation for the nightmare me and my wife have been through in the last 7 days
yes, her father has her. I had no say onto it which was really horrible thing to experience
I would like to change something in the verdict of the probe
We would like the child to go back to the bio parents
Thank you for your help, it is hard for people like me to get the help they need
Thank You Andrew. You been a Great Help. You deserve a raise. Lol have a Great Day.
Thank you I will certainly try my very best to help my mother
and is LIFT a program that would need to go through court?
Ah, well then you arr a lovely person
Hi Eliana good morning  my name is Rosa Galvan I has a court case and I need help with my case
But maybe i can fix it online via my personal office on the web-site?
*but to find an one person space would be difficult they said. Sorry about the sentence
cause hes in danger in that house as it currently stands
Para  que me saquen del lift
2 minutes from my house lol. Thanks
immediate relief For my son to come live with me that is what the cps worker said it was called
after taking care of people loveliness this what its come don toosucks
My concern is if there is a will and I'm acting with good faith will be there any legal negative consequences for me as Administrator
My lawyer said I might of lost a year of my 3 year retro can I fix it
That's fine, I'm hoping you can help me in the right direction to find the deed to my home
That will be all. Wish me luck to actually speak with someone.
also gas, and time spent on finding another one
My landlord refuses to make repairs or return my phone calls my shower has been in need of repair for over a year
I was looking to find someone to talk with about a lie that was told in the court and how thrown out
ok, so here is my problem, I already had my citizenship interview which I passed, but at the time a decision could not been made.
Does it pass outside the Small Estate Administration as it does with probate?
I will like to know what do. I work as a barber but the business was close do to the governor rule
But I just want to see that person one last with legal help
Gm I need help with fraud with decease beneficiary being changed
10 months my daughter was tooken away from me without no proof
Good Morning Jane my name is Joe
no one should have to face prison time because of another person’s feelings that was in the moment
and I would like to know if im correct here
I'm sorry sold the house. 2 times in 3 years because they came back.
Ok perfect. Thank you so much and thank you for your empathy as well 🙂
May your day as well be gentle and kind for you and your family.
The finding concluded no abuse or solicitation of drugs
I let so many things slide in this relationship. The emotional and mental and verbal abuse.
Iam literally in the street scared to go and have a shower
I believe there has to be fbi I called. april 30 2015 an fbi was there 5/2/2015 this crime that happen in nyc
Yes we when where the courts are he actually had a issue last year with the mother and grandmother and had to go there
Getting one against someone who is treathening me and my moms
Help with taking my kids grandmother back to court
I'm trying to find a pro bono lawyer for my husband who is in jail and had an incident happen to him in there.
Another question, the custodial parent has a business under my name will that affect anything
I would like to know what my legal rights are
I do have proof of things and have seen the abuse as well
Thanks for your assistance will check everything. Good evening
Yes, I will. Thanks for taking time to read my story.
I need to find a pre court questionnaire
My question is can my landlord charge me MCI charges, call it balance forward, and then also charge mci retro charges
Thank you, I hope they can help...no one else has
Hi Oliver, My name is Frances Quinones
I dont want to end up back on a nasty page with the mother but she’s not being lenient with this whole ordeal
this was a temporary  order back in 2007 or 2006
Ill see im a man not sure if womans law will help
My mother would like to get these people out of her home so she can return
and I currently don’t live in the state they seen the news at
but if someone from queens could help me that'd be amazing as well
im going through legal matters with my husband that may result in incarceration
It went great thanks. Hope the rest of your shift goes well.  Im exiting out now
good morning Sandra, my name is Shanny
ok let me take a quick look
I am thinking about what should I do in terms of custody....because the incident were my husband was violent took place infront of our child
it was an issue yesterday, at my house and I have been having a lot of issues before the pandemic with this individual
believe me or not I’m happy to tell my story I been through hell with this guy
The one time I went to the police about this, they lblew me off
Iam too I’m sorry I let it go on for so long myself and my daughters don’t deserve it
do you know if anyone can help me with preparing my case
I have questions on how to become head of estate to get my dads will.
Daniel, thank you, wish me luck in finding others ‘not in the bubble’
