I have been told by your bath office that i cannot be helped by them due to a conflict of interest
correct, they said I failed the physical requirement for the job.
How can I have a change order on my case since not working anymore
originally we agreed to work out as co parents but he has not helped in anyway
Yes and the covid 19 pendmic didn't help eather
my child is not happy in her home because of her current BF
I def dont object i m just curious since is self sufficiant
there’s nothing I can do on my own like go to the court
I don't know if there is a will or not.  We can't get into the apartment.  Any help would be great.  Thanks.
I was thinking of referring her to the NYC Bar hotline but wasn't sure if there were other resources she should look into
I don’t even know what type of attorney I will need
ok...if that doesn't work, I'll be back...lol
Actually I am not planning to go there but the company is based there
i get them every Wednesday and every other weekend of course much more than just that but that’s what I have court ordered
they made it sound like he was refusing work that was offered/available to him
Yes and Steuben but law ny in bath will not help me
I don't think the court should be mandating anything because it's completely baseless.  I know you can't comment on that.
i have not been denied but I have not been getting benefits since July
they are saying he didn't let them know that he refused a job offer.  it's not true, though
I mean honestly that number didn't help at all
and I really dont want the same one he is not working for my own best
he is very aggressive never wanted to leave the house
she has been living with me all her 7 years of life and only goes with him on weekends
Yes I know he is controlling and ruined her self esteem
I need help getting my disposition for I can get a job
ok if this one does not work for me do you have any other places to check into
i would love to return back to work but myself and my family were affected by this epidemic
Hi, I got a rejection notice for my I 751 as my application was not properly filed.
Yes, I've already looked at it and it's not giving me any insight.
I would like to know if that date has been changed
I actually chatted with you earlier and you didn't get to help me and the chat was cut off
Ohh okay so on the phone it doesn’t work?
okay, i don't think either work
I’m reading through this and this hasn’t been of much help.
My current attorney is not doing a good job in my opinion
We are not supposed to work if we are non essential according to ny
i dont know how they did it but they have been using device you buy fromchjna that vibrates your house
Well. ideally, we would be able to stop it but we don't think that is possible
People with disabilities are abused all the time and a ton of us aren't employed
ok i just want to co parent but i don't want her to leave the state
Blind disabled all my food and meds stolrn by my neibor police will not helo
Yes, pardon my ignorance but I’m completely unsure what to do or who I would even need. This my first charge ever.
I'm not asking for advice, I just need direction to the laws that explicitly state those rights, because google has unfortunately not helped
He would talk through the door there was no actual way to give him the papers he’s being difficult
They’re almost 80 years old and lived in the building for over 30 years and never had a problem with anyone
They said they received 1950 from me but my son never got anything
I’ve filed papers before but they were denied because there is another person on her birth certificate
He hasn’t been following the final court order
he isn’t working and he hasn’t worked in years
The case went on without me that's why they granted him that much. I was considered a no show
I know I'm being discriminated against due to my ethnicity as well as a victim of "right sizeing" .... I have evidence of both
i already requested on within the time frame and they didn’t respond
I am still waiting for my transfer I don’t feel comfortable in my apartment
Shes a licensed realtor but she wasnt suppose to be working from her home yet as she was
I'm not on ellipsis AT&T. Does not work with this phone
Hello I am on SSI I have never really worked
I appealed but they dismissed it because they said the appeal process did not deal w those kind of issues
My daughter's mother is allowing her not to come home
I CALLED THEM MANY TIMES THEY DID NOT TAKE MY CASE
I'm looking for a name change form for a minor outside of NYC but I don't see it on the site
I dont believe he is able to manage anything on his own without someone doing it for himself.
There is not no has there ever been any sort of court order preventing me from seeing my son
no the judge told us to agree between us and it hasn’t been working
I’m need a reentry permit but I don’t know if that’s work for me
i have disabilites that  do not allow me to do things on the courts schdulde
This man was found to be willful in court but they don’t hold him in any standards
sadly, my adversaries have control over my phone and i have no privacy.  so i cannot avail myself of this option.
Ok we did put a petition in February still haven’t seen a judge because of covid
I don't know who to tell, but I want to remain anonymous
I have an attorney however again with Covid he hasn’t responded to the courts with the filled out forms
my co-parent is not allowing me to see my daughter during covid
Nope not working it's fine though I'll just search on my own
Thank you I live in Pa so I will check this all out I cannot express enough how much this means to me
also I am not able to see the court time they only gave me the date
The clerk said I can do this on at city hall but system,s were down and she didn't have a web app
But I didn't give him june because  I said that should of been part of ...her intial
Yes that would be helpful if you don't mind
My boss has reduced my work, he has denied me a full time position,  I have complained about her and nothing has gotten done
Ok. If I am already on a form of Gov assistance would that affect my eligibility?
Because it says offices do not accept walk ins
but if u have none in new hyde park then yes
Since April she has kept him from me being there no order in place.
My bank account was debited without my permission
I have question I’m not working since March 16
I would but not sure I could afford it. Nor do I have a court date yet. Everything was put on hold because of Covid
I am always polite but need assistance in writing to him
And her perspective is that she's making an effort and willing to do so so why is he unable
Hello! I was referred to write a consumer complaint, but I am stuck with the process
I just want to have a legal document in place to avoid him from doing this
I would be fine but I don’t want anything to do with it!
I don't think that they will help me I make $60,00 yearly anyone else you can suggest
The first one I’ve called, I will start with department of the aging although they do not help in court
A case was defaulted against me as I never shiwed io in court
I'm not even sure what category this issue falls under.
I don’t think so but I’ll keep looking
Ok even if “he didn’t give me his permission”
the judge denied it on the basis that she wouldnot entertain the motion because im repreesented by an attorney
maybe even 2 years i don't have it in front of me
Yes before I agreed because it was just a lot to deal with but now I don’t want her to
Well, I need to know what approach i should use: 1/ the fact he is refusing to collaborate with me on household matters .
I don't mind  going to one but I don't  know of any
my brother didnt give permission for her to leave the state of NY
i am also lookin gon PA's site but their stuff is labeled differently
Thanks but I already went to that website & there is no help
I don't live there no more nd they are refusing to respond
I dont know how to work this phone too well
i have gotten my release forms but they still can not release my car
I am looking into custodial inteference and parental abduction laws... but the thing here is we both did not have any orders by court.
Hi I'm a non custodial parent haven't  been working
Yes but am handicap can't walk to these places without help
I have called the court but no one’s picking up
I would like to know how can I have my court order modified
We went to his apartment last Thursday night.  He did not come to the door
It’s not going through it keeps bringing me back to this chat
I don't know the difference but I'd say both
I still didn't get it. That's weird
I am unable to receive any assistance due to the court order
ok I'lldo that in 2 minutes if it doesn't work
My daughter's father isn't allowing me to see her despite our court order
Thanks. I haven’t been in the office since mid march
My kids stay one night with their grandmother but their school is even shut down do I have the right to tel her no
She won't even load school to be going through school even on the internet at her house cuz it's not allowed
Wouldn't he have to physically abuse me in order to file for an OOP.
my teen wants to live with their friends and does not want to remain in my home
she hasn't said but I wanted to point her to any options
I actually need help with creating account online and I am unable to
Is there a reason he might not showing on the inmate locator
I disagree they moved to seattle, but he said if i dont agree he will drop my kids to me without court agreement
ACS doesn’t want to go to court
Its not.  I've clicked anything there is to. I did do the rating as it did pop up.
Probation expenses for DWI would not count I presume
This is the only person I can think of as I’ve never done anything to deserve this
she has said that my son may want to be with me but that his opinion doesn’t matter because he is 7
Ok this is not helping thank u anyway
I think the whole point was consulting someone out the NY dept of labor, but I guess it's unavoidable.
I don't even know the nature of this appearance was never given anything in the mail until now
i appreciate you trying to help but this is not helping at all. thank you for your time
oh ok so maybe its not that i did it wrong but that its malfunctioning now
No I wasn't expecting to get the in Live chat the impossible..
I was found ineligible because I did not quit my job but the law says I do not
He doesn't agree Because of the relationship they had I'm guessing
Good morning. I am having problems getting my children from their father as per an active Court Order.
I am seeking assistance regarding my teen whom does not want to continue living in my home. What legal steps can I take
well thats what i have been doing ND ITS NOT BRINGING ME TO A PRINTABLE FORM
when I went to look at the website it kicked me off our chat
I want to find out how to get my name off of the check that I had nothing to do with
it appears her son is unable to make this decision on his own
It says opem on PDF but it doesn't allow me to
do you think i can ignore him then, since he hasn't taken "concrete action"?
