But I am talking in the event where this has never gone to court
ok, I think I'm clearer than I was before.  THank you.
Thank you....will this conversation be tabled for any future chat backs I may have??
Can I speak someone who can help me social sevices?
Also am I able to save this chat so that I have the information?
can you point me in the right direction of where to go and who to speak to
If I click on the link it may close the chat , how can I save them
Sorry I wAs hoping Daniel would be the chat person again somehow I was disconnected from the chat
Have a great day and thanks again for your help.  I'm not going to shut down chat right away  because I want to save this.
Hi Philip, Its Aimee. Doing practice chats
is there a way i can save this chat so I can have the website for the petition
It opens up but directs me back to our chat window
Do you have a tele number where a live person is available to discuss the situation?
Wait. Is there a way to save this chat? I'm trying to copy paste it but it does not work
I was isolated from everyone, given no meds, and was talked to by a loudspeaker abalyzing everything i did and totally harassing me
No worries - your account was given permission to accept chats because you were having issues earlier in week.
I have proof ( taped conversation of him giving the other side our strategy and discriminating against me
I decided to try the chat function before I looked.
these sound like good options, thank you for the info! might there be any legal assistance groups that have live chats that you know of?
is there a way i can save this chat for my own sanity in case I need to refer back to it?
I've never done chat before, can you see the question I posted previously?
The chat screen had disappeared. I thought we were disconnected.
I'm just waiting for the live chat to gather info
i hope this is a live person im chatting with
Staffers are known propose to discuss one issue and then trying to pry.
I will call them. If I need any other assistance in the near future, I will create another chat.  Thank you.
(Nanni, please don't accept any other chats besides our practice chat)
Hi again, I just got off a chat session with another representative
(chris - please read through those, and pick which are relevant for this chat)
oh! Haha wonderful. Yeah my phone locked and kicked me out of the chat. Thank you I appreciate it!
Hello I am looking to help a loved one already incarcerated
Hi Jaime it’s Aimee. Doing practice chats.
I live in Islip NY who can you recommend I speak to?
i was talking to a lady earlier but i got busy and when i looked back it had refresh
yes I am in nyc. thank you that would be great
im going to exit and lets see what happens when you try to initiate the chat
I am try to look online to see if they have a person to chat though in pa
When I exit this chat, please save it as N/A
I have called my legal assistance office and they was the one that told me to live chat with you guys
I was talking to them mainly about getting hearing adjourned and other stuff
No need to apologize. I will go over this now as a group cus a few of you had questions about this.
could you please send this to me? I’m doing practice chats.
Hi Lillian, we were chatting and the chat closed while I was waiting for the information
So to look for info I have to reduce the chat window
Hi Latoya!  I'm doing practice chats.  Will you please transfer  this to me?
Yes i called but they say to leave a messega
I am going to leave the chat, please save it as N/A
The website you just gave me is the one I am on right now.. cannot find anything..this chat came up
Hi I.was chatting on line.with Megan
That’s OK. But it must be a blessing from above to be able to get you back again. Do you remember our conversation?
(You did a great job! Do you have any questions for me before I close the chat?)
I just spoke with someone from housing help line
She never want me to share time with my son
Do you know is it legal for him to record conversation that he is not part of?
Doing practice chats, could you please transfer this to me?
Yes, my daughter with the paranoid husband. Was that u I was chatting with?
I'm not sure if this is the same person I was speaking to before but they left the chat unexpectedly
Is he following me and listening to my conversations considered one of those things
You did amazing! I am finishing the other chats and will convene in about 5 minutes.
That's why I've turned to the chat session.
I am going to exit the chat, please save it as N/A
Hmmm.  It may be.  I don't think I follow the wording though.
Ok because I know when the chats end so does the. Information
Thank you.  I wanted to make sure that I am not speaking with a 'bot.
Yes- I think I lost you on previous conversation here?
ok, I am going to check.  Please keep chat open
I am looking to discuss a situation I was in while I was staying in a shelter
It is uncontested and we have not lived together for10 months.
Ok let me cut and paste. Hopefully it won’t disconnect the chat...
yes and probably the other ones as well even tho they are 15 and can voice their opinion
According to them we have one... I never met this person
please connect to me with Alexandrea, I was chatting with her/him and it got disconnected
what age is the child able to speak for themselves in court?
Do you know if there's a way to save this chat to my computer?
Ok, thank you for your help. If I have more questions in the future, can I continually use this live chat feature?
Hi Jane, its Aimee.  Doing practice chats.  Could you please transfer to me?
I’ve spoke to so many people even about the harassment and have not gotten help from anybody that I’ve spoke to
Saw this live chat, hopefully you would be able to direct me.
Ok thank you. And please do not close the chat until I get connected with those links.
Hi, my apologies I thought I’m talking with chatbot
i got a pop up and it just said "Inviting Ryan to chat"
Is there a way to save a transcript of this chat, or get it emailed to me?
I lost connection was chatting w erik
I read understand I was just chatting with someone and lost them
i tried calling but kept getting recordings and wasn’t able to speak to anyone
We’ve lost a connection from our last chat
Good morning. I was just in exchanging chats with Allison when I lost connection
That’s great- I see their chat is available starting tomorrow. Is there anywhere else that might have a chat today?
i believe we were just speaking and the chat got disconnected
I'm doing practice chats, could you please transfer this to me?
I'm doing practice chats.  Would you mind transferring this to me?
Is there a way to save this chat so I can research these websites
hello Ana, I was chatting with Alexandrea and it got disconnected. can you please connect me to her/him?
Please save the chat as N/A categories under the exit survey.
I found out through my son who shared his location with me via cellphone
I need a person that been living in my house to live
could you please transfer to me? doing practice chats.
Tues 9-12 is going to be my slot and I wondered how busy it was, how many chats usuallly occur
i couldn't find it when i first logged into this chat
Will do.  Maybe we'll chat again.  Enjoy your day!
Would the uncontestant still work. Because we agree on everything
Hi Latoya, its Aimee.  Doing Practice chats, could you please transfer this to me?
i was talking to somebody I just need to know if I can go to the court even if I never been to the police
Doing practice chats. could you please transfer this to me?
Thats not my business who agrees to that or not i dont speak to them!
That's fine it supposed to arrive after the chat
we don't live together since 2 years
I thought I was on that site. Ok. Will try again. Thank you. Ending chat for now.
Amy—— I lost my previous chat with Joseph
Last question: you just gave me a lot of great information. How do I save this chat to reference all of the links?
Celine, I'm sorry last time I waited so long the chat literally discontinued  .. about how lon g?
Hi yes good afternoon I spoke with somebody yesterday and she want she referred me to speak to somebody in the Lyft Department
thank you so much for your time. please stay safe and healthy.  thank you for this live chat.
my dr is pretty far from my home and I need him to be able to communicate with me
okay great Thank you for the links can I have this chat so I can save to reference back to the links attached
Hi Don, this is Aimee. I'm doing practice chats.  Would you please transfer this to me?
I have those forms already and lift has already spoken to me
Have you read the chat?  or do I need to cut and paste it here?
Hello, thanks for accepting chat. I have a few questions today
Yes an online chat specifically would be helpful
you picked up a real chat - I'm going to walk you through it
yes.  He has agreed to it.  I spoke to hime yesterday
It takes me right back to this chat session.
My daughter has been living with me for the past 8 months in Brooklyn Ny
Am I allowed to invite anyone into the room as well
I want to find out if it is legal to surveil inside my own apartment
Great! OK, thank you, Shannon. A good weekend to you! (I will save the chat now.)
wow-- that's really a good system.  how many chats do you get in a typical shift?
Hi Nicole, I was chatting with someone and my wifi went down.
They haven’t lived there 6months maybe a month
i can Not Talk Inside Of Procedere i will adress of the Council of California in Santa Ana anaheim okay !
I just spoke to one of your colleagues....he tried to transfer me but the chat had some issue
Yes I think I did try it before the chat but didn’t know which one to do
I was chatting with another person but the chat was interrupted
Okay thank you ! So do I stay in this chat or I can exit
What happened I was talking to someone and your site gave me a survey and killed my chat
How can I get help to find a place to live
Thank you.  I already spoke to them, and they gave me yiour website.  they said that they dont do this kind of work
Hi Mary, this is Aimee.  I'm doing practice chats.  Would you please transfer this to me?
Why when I'm open it , it throws me back to this chat?
I see you cannot scroll the screen or use the site while the chat box is open- do you have that?
Olivia did you end out last chat? I received a notification you ended it?
And if they did give us one who will be allowed in the room to speak with the mediator
Ok Blythe, just letting you know our meeting wrapped up.  Is there anything we need to discuss before I hop off?
Hi Franklin, Thank you for taking my request to chat.
