One group said send it to NYFCApplications@nycourts.gov but another said send through EDDS but I can't find an email.   Thank you
Her email, she asked me to send her some documents and she gave me her business card but it was blank.
she said she ahs to talk to me and doesnt want to do it over text
Yes good morning did my last text come through?
Haven’t received this chat yet I’ve sent it to my email twice
I'm not sure if you can. I spoke to the office this morning and they gave me the email to send my petition.
You sent me a few that actually dissapeared when the conversation ended
after im done they will send me a respond  by mail right
Hi, I am trying to send my Custody Petition to family Court. I want to know what is the email?
My mother's employer sent her medical diagnosis company wide via email. Is that a violation of her privacy as an employee?
I’m looking for the forms in the email I have to sent the forms to
She give me the email to send the documents but I lost the email
I sent an email and I have to file with Richmond county
thank you! will do. should I send an email to all of the three different emails that are on the website?
The landlord gave us an illegal 14 day eviction but has yet to send us a  Certified by mail copy
The clerks told me to send the letters, and that they would send it to me. I even spoke to the records department
i call costumer service and she explain to me that i have to send a email in modification
And the supreme court just sent me a letter to defend myself
I just applied for visitation and sent by email. What should I do else to see my kids?
Did not even ask for said harrasding and  threatening letter!
Maybe you can send me an email with all the links and phone numbers that could be of help ?
i sent email to a dead end.. here is what i sent...
And you solutionated this case or expedient. Thanks you. Send me the email to juanfransh@msn.com;
I'm sorry I'm using voice text and just seen what was texted
Also rita they told me rita that they would send yesterdays chat to me e mail and I never received it .
yes i do they sent it via email as well
HR is gone for the day...I left a voicemail and sent an email.
What the email so I could send it back to you guys
I sent it through email and mailed out the forms as well.
ok. i'm having trouble sending olivia the documents via the text box.
Can you send a copy of this converstion to my email so I dont loose the information when this conversation ends ?
I need to know where I can send a letter to the court
I have texted, called, emailed and will be sending a letter via mail
Hi Jamie, Thanks for chatting. Sorry about the lengthy response. This is a copy and paste from an email I sent to LawHelpNY yesterday:
So not only did he text my daughter he lied. Thank you for your help
I chatted with Abdullah a little while ago and our transcript did not get sent to my e-mail.  I need info again....
Ok is ther a way i can just send you a attachment
and th ey scann my pc my phone my text
We have been going through my mom a 3rd party in order to send messages because we can’t speak with out arguing
It’s very frustrating since they sent me a letter but no one picks up the phone or responds
I was told n confirm it myself that my luggage was sent there  dallas warehouse
ok i sent my email thanks again i will get right on it
I took screenshots.  Thank you I will send a copt to my email as well.
I do not. I think im just gonna get the forms printed and send them in the mail
so u still didnt answer me yet about where should i sent that letter
I’m filing paper work for custody what email do I send it to
Okay thank you if I have any problems text you back
They sent a letter and it didn’t give a date
nylang never reply I sent email
he sent me emails explaining he is not paying the proper amount because of the pandemic the children need less
okay hes going to look and send the email to the record room
Yes I spoke with them yesterday, I even sent them a check yesterday too
Thank you. I have sent my email for the transcript. Once again thanks for all the information Nicole.
(it will allow you to send multiple lines of text at once.)
I deleted the chat because I was supposed to get an email but I haven't received it yet
Ok and once filed do they send the order to her by mail?
I can also send you the agreement letter, it is one page only
Would you be able to send me the papers through email or that link brings me to the papers i have to print.?
Can you send me this chat transcription to me email please?
Thank you yes I am I apologize I didn't see that text
She gave consent for her to go via text message
You have been extremely helpful. Thank you so much and stay safe. Can I have this chat send to my email?
That is awesome thank you is it possible to send this by email
I send an email to Terrance several days ago n he haven't respond
Can my family member serve it to the defendant can i send it by mail?
I am a paralegal, writing on the behalf of an incarcerated client of my office (who can send letters but only make calls occassioanlly).
I emailed the court today and that is what they sent me. They also sent me this link to speak with somebody
This was all just so incredibly informative. I can't say thank you enough
would it be possible to send a transcript of this chat to my email please?
It worked-thank you. I sent an email to the office in Binghamton yesterday morning.  How long does it typically take to respond?
And where exactly do I have to send it? Is there an email or website I have to send it to?
custody, I have an 8 year old and her father just send me a letter from his lawyer
So I have to just send an email to the supervising judge for request?
I thought you said you cant email??? the websites you sent me
but he never received this mail and is afraid there may be a court date coming up
Jane, one more thing. Can you send me a copy of this chat to my email because ou have given me a lot of info
Perfect! Thank you! will send them an email.  Have a nice day.
the exact text message says "no one is forcing you to stay, you can just leave"
ok first is there any way to talk rather than text
I have it all in a text message about every broken thing and I also took videos of everything
How can I get the form in the mail or sent to my home
Is there any way I can have a lawyer send him a cease and desist? I believe he still has my text messages
Thank you I sent it to my email. I appreciate your help.
or I just have to send him a certified copy via mail
I also think it is odd that they would wait until 2021 to send me a letter.. I was on SSD at the time
Ok The interactive page will lead me to the correct form? How do I go about sending it in either electronically or through postal mail
I just want to use the right wording and have a reference to send to her
I know you've been a great help if there's any questions I will text you tomorrow when they are open
Yes its really hard when you send an email and get no response fromt he family court.
Okay thank you. Who is able to send or it looks like the transcript will be sent to my email account once we're finished.
Ok, I can't write all of this down; just the phone numbers. Are you able to send them to my email?
Yes I was just waiting for you to tell me the email to send the paternity forms but we got disconnected
Send it to my self coping and paste to my email
I did get a text confirmation also but can’t add that
yes I would like to know that email to send it to
I can respond to the email that her lawyer sent with the motion, but I am wondering if there is an official form...???
what if they were agreed on via text and conversations with all three parties
Thanks much.  Is it ok if I send her an email with this information?  Or do I need to reconnect through the site?
Yes, Thank you, now I am going to send the the transcript to my email.
They tried this 2 years ago as well and actually refused to send him home from the other parents in florida
An approval letter was sent to me, and then even so I can not access these benefits.
That's the subject title of the email I sent to many law firms
THANKS, CAN U PLEASE SEND IT TO MY EMAIL
I Sent messages With a Lou  And he gave me information I    couldn't send  the trans script email
rent demand was wrong amount and only sent via u.s. mail.
i sent two letter back in July to New York requesting it, and I haven’t received anything
I sent a form with a self addressed envelope but I haven’t received anything
ok I’m gonna try the notarized letter. Who should I send the letter to??
And they send me letters in the mail in at my door asking for something that i ben paid on
Yes I sent money order and I sent via certified mail
Do you know how I can print out text messages that are legal evidence?
Ok. Is my best bet to send an email to any one of them?
I am writing this from my friend phone can you send me all information to t email
my phone is turning off you think is posible if you text me everything to text message?
I can  sent that modification by mail? Online or personal?
Okay, one more thing. How many days do I have to send out the letter?
awesome. You provided the all information I was looking for. I really appreciate. Can you send me this conversation to my email ?
I just sent a hand written letter to same manager .I need to go higher
ok i will try to call them then send them a letter
Would it be possible to send all of these links and any additional relevant links to me via email?
They sent eviction before they received the check and letter
I need a lawyer for divorce, my husband already have a lawyer and sent a letter to me
i went to go pick them up as they sent a letter to my house
(Since most legal service providers are remote at the moment, you can send the phone, website and email)
if you can send transcript via email that would be great:
I’m doing everything I wanna know why it’s not opening can you send one to my email
And lastly ---- sending it in the mail, i do sent it to the family court in my county
is it live person texting me ? Or an automatic service responding to me ?
they sent me an email stating they are not accepting cases
No it was verbal. All i have is a text when he said he wasn't comfortable with it after he said it was ok.
She's in California and sent me emails saying she won't be back
No but there was a box it said send transcript I entered my email and hit send
and she sent back an email saying im confused
There are also times that she has harassed my girlfriend through text messaging
Oh okay thank you she told me to send a email but she dont give to me
I have to go to work now can you please send me the information via email?
Is this possible to help me send this link 2 my email
Wonderful... thank you for all the info.  Is there any way I could send this to my email??
I haven’t received a email since October
I’ve sent them a technical issue email already
I already send a letter to nych lawyers over 20 days ago. Have not recieved even a call
Is this whole conversation something that can be sent to me through email when we are done?
Thanks so can i text this back if have anymore question
no is perfect can u send it as text message on my phone? if not I ll copy here
is text messages admissible as proof of an agreement
