sorry - never know when these live chats log out if no movement inside them
but I wasn’t able to stay due to him calling me and tracking my phone
Ive also tried the web sites and ive had no luck
I’m logged in and I see the icon legend but no way to edit
I was talking to Danielle but didn’t get a response only a survey
I called the number but the rep said I had to ho online to report that I'm not working
(please leave your status as "away" since you aren't taking live chats for now!)
I’m Clicking the get started button
It’s sending me back to this page, they told me that I had to file online but it’s not letting me
Having a issue with the website. I'll try back later
It won’t stay open. Keeps bouncing back to the chat
Have to reset password or something give me a second
ok, is a failed  Home based buiness that got shut by SEC
i look online and am having a hard time finding one
Lol ok I will try it, my password went away so fast I hope it accepted it.
I know it doesnt give me way to do actually download I would nt be asking if it di
Ive been homeless in Chicago 2 years now
I’ve been trying to deal with HSBC on my own but very tough with them on phone
I have been trying to even call my kids and I get no response
Yes Iam  he doesn't  listen to me anymore
Hello I’m trying to download a modification to support petition but I’m having problems finding it
I files back on 7.07.20 and haven't heard anything
yes im currently doing that its with the two avatars asking questions
I just tried the first Supreme Court number 6463863600 and they hung up on me after telling me they “don’t know “
i did all that i even have a log in n pass wrod but i dotn see part b
when I tried using the code online last night none if them were working
I called last week but each operator kept transferring me witg no resolution
I dont kno why its typing like that sorry
I mentioned that because if they look and do their internet jobs it would be great but...???
instead of sending new password a pop up window tells me to sign in
hi sorry I keep getting log out
I had lost Connection had 2 log back in
Even tried a new tab it just brings me back here
No thank you. I am going to log on to those sites to see if they can help.
Im clicking on the site its not working. I will try on my computer
YOU CAN'T FIND OUT IF I CAN DO THE MODIFING DOWN WERE I LIVE KNOW.
Thank you so much because I'm going nuts trying to do this I'm not computer savvy
thats the same web page im currently on.
Thank you so much, am I able to do it online being I’m in a different state?
Thank you! I’ve tried three interactive version but, being out state it didn’t allow me to continue.
and after I   go into the website what would I   have to press/ click in order to get started?
every time i scroll back to read it kicks me back to the last comment...
I felt so helpless when I browse thru the website
im legally blind and have a hard time navigating my pc i probably hit a wrong button
Hi I am retuning to the site  I believe  I had registered  but can now not find the sign in or login link
(since you aren't taking live chats now)
I don't know what to do at this point. I feel like I've tried every and all resources hence me even messaging you on here...
Mi got password and username to efile documents but dont know what to do now
we have audio connection through the platform, though I can't see her
That web address came back with an error
my pin is 121809   dont know my user name
The links keep closing and bouncing back to this conversation
Now I'm not eating or sleeping for fear of flooding again
The park asked to do a background check on him and is now telling me he is denied to live with me.
Do I just click the forms here because I’ve been trying to find them online and it’s not coming up
Its hard if someone is watching your every move
Currently I am out of country , do you know if they work online
This is Dennis, sorry I’m not sure why it isn’t popping up
Thank you but I'm thanking my mom rite now she's doing all of my typing lol
thank you for helping me with information and i thought the website had a form that I can download to change of venue
but I do not know how to download, and I never download sex movies
even though the website is saying he is reciving  it tomorrow.
The disability rights page pops up then disappears
They aren’t working. They just keep bringing me back to this screen
I'm safe and she doesn't have access to anything. I have changed all passwords
Hi I am trying to log in to get my part A
This brought me right back to this page when I tapped it
He's not attending college full time
I TRIED IT ALREADY BUT I SEEM NOT TO BE GETTING THRU"
Ok so to even login in it give me Courts
The person refusing show ID she only speaks to super in front of my building
At the time my concern was not having employment and trying stay on top of the situation.
I have that website open on another page but cant get to any forms to download
i got an internal server error with that link
Yes. But I am trying to go tomorrow and I have almost no energy on my battery
As they say because they are making upgrades but nothing has been done
The sponsor in my building is still exercising voting control.
Does the fact that I got another job (but COVID stopped it) change the situation?
Perhaps online, if things don't go back to normal
Can mobile justice help me file an article 78 as I am currently not in housing cour
the area where it says contents-are not working, was able to pull up youtube
Spoke to a rep and was told I have to log online to report change.
but i've been through so much worse that i dont always recognize it
Well I click download but it did not download to my phone so that’s why I’m asking
Or should I just focus on it from the modification angle...I don’t want to appear to be ignoring these letters.
I'm trying to use your system but it want let me because it saids I cant add two respondents
Website not allowing me to see forms even when I click on it
when I log into my account it’s at negative 700 plus dollars
I have called around already but sure lay it on me
It doesn’t open. It does for one second and comes back to this screen
They actually are the ones that gave me this web site
Maintenance shows up promptly but this has happened over six times
I used the new pw, near let me creat a new password   error Forgot Password?
logging in -  It shows she is signed in, but nothing coming up on video or audio
I was instructed to go to the website that informs about the fair hearings but I am unable to log on.
they could be selling my online courses at this moment
NO. I WAS TOLD I COULD FILE ONLINE BUT I SEEM TO BE HAVING TROUBLE
basically every time we spoke he changed his mind and threw some other bomb in my lap
taking it there I think is better too. I'm just afraid they will trash it
I’ve heard NYC is doing virtual court because of vivid 19. Is that with Name Changes as well
I have read numerous articles and what not, but I have become so overwhelmed with everything.
Sorry Alexandria my browser closed lol
Yes. He was ultimately able to get his video turned on but the audio didn't work, so I called him.
I got their main website though. Thank you again
i tried to do that online and it stopped me, since the first ruling was done in 2014
Management claims that they didn't know anything but I know that the Maintenance sends pictures each time it happens
Okay. Thanks for the info and the help... but I still feel like I'll be running in circles by the end of business tommorow
im sorry for the delay my internet is lagging
thank you i tried the automated program and when it said neither parent lives in NY it kicked me out.
Yes I have they said its possible online, as they are closed but I'm having trouble finding out how and where.
i now don’t have access to the WiFi because he changed providers.
Does the same thing gives the page about 2 seconds then flips back to you
I offered to cover her windows but she hasn’t responded to me.
And I'm getting the runaround on this website I'm confused
I work from home and I haven't been able to focus on my work because of the noise.
IT's awful. They are taking advantage of the new rules bc of covid.
when typing the name on elaw, nothing shows up
I try to access the legal services NYC link, however it's giving me a 404 page
i was looking for an answer involving mobile homes and it said click on live help
i was told that they would not accept it, but they did, without me knowing, so that's why i am confused
Things are a mess and I can't take it anymore
Normally it isn't an issue, but I'm really nervous about covid19 and it's causing a heated issue
these things are all making my conditions horribly worse idk what to do sir/mame
We've spoken to a few people before, but because he's holding her license it sparked another conversation on the topic.
He continues to come in with a key which makes me uncomfortable
Its difficult because I dont owned a computer and my wifi is not working
Yes i have and i called the number as well as filed an online complaint but I haven’t heard anything as of yet.
id rather use someone who is more competent and does it correctly
Now I'm going back to the page that I started on to begin with to get to you like I posted earlier
Hi i have a video chat scheduled at 3 and need to know how to get to it
Ok thank you I'm not good with the computer
I missed certifying one week,  I think it was due to technical difficulties.
I filed one but I didn’t receive any feedback. I sure hope to receive feedback now.
I tried addressing the guardian ad litem for my son but received no response either
The last part was a joke, but that website does not seem to helpful
We tried legal aid, they are not taking new cases due to being backlogged from Covid. They suggested we try this site.  :(
I was told I need to file a motion but it needs to be done online
Alright. I'm sorry! I just wasn't sure. The online one confused me.
Oh ok, I’m currently using my phone
if u log off will istill see this info
What's the website to file for writ online it's not popping up on my phone
Hi Sami, just wanted to confirm that the session button will activate once Jason logs in? "Start virtual consultation" button is currently inactive.
great i was writing it down but missed some stuff this will help
He says the courts are closed and thats why I haven't heard back.
