The problem is that this matter has to be addressed immediately. Otherwise he will sell my things.
I'm trying to look into legal aid, I'm a single mother working as much as I can and no extra money.
judge offered me Council but now refuses to honor it because our financial situation has changed since COVID
i failed to pay a credit card bill.  now it looks like I'm being sued for payment.  i'd like to just settle and pay
I have custody of my son since December 3,2019 and the courts are still taking money from me a week
i just need to know where did the money if it was taken out his check ?
I don't have alot of financial at the moment but I also don't know who to ask for help
What form do I need to file a modification to lower my monthly payments
I tried to avoid giving personal information as much as I can.
Thank you. There's no one picking up though
and he never takes rent from checks he only want cash
frustrating ill need to get an attorney and pay these costs because hes stopped paying
but he is insisting to stay in my house longer, and it's been like a hell
We all are having hard times but i also had no opportunity to loose $550
Unbelievable I'm not in town till next week this is absurd?
however I’m still making payments in my house I’m not living in and my finances are being drained
I need an attorney but can't afford much and need one I can make payments too for my criminal defense
unfortunately, the arrangement is from 2008. He's saying he's going to start making payments
Its not for visitation its to stop the payments because he's been living with me for 6 years is this all in this website
I am desperate I'm in such debt I've never been in this much debt
I missed 2 court datesnow they want to take money out
And my passport was denied I need the paper said that I been paid that money to the court I could get my passport back
these are tough times and @ no point did I slack on a payment I won’t be able to afford my bills @ this rate
Sure. My daughter's father is not working so I would like to stop payments from him.
apparently I make too much to shaking for free services.
It is very hard to pay for an attorney because I just got back to work after being off all winter
it didn't take legal place yet. they refused to give me my money back
Parole told me I didn't have any money I have to pay
i just NEED to get this ball rolling immediately
I have one question how long after your notified of rent increase are you obligated to ay
Plus I'm stuck living with my verbally abusive boyfriend.  I have no money for my own apartment,  medical etc
I cant afford 500 dollars an hour
The stress is really aggravating my mental health condition and I am losing my mind over my job constantly calling everyday
i haven’t payed anything because I can’t afford it
Why not? What his attorney filed is not anything. I cannot get a lawyer in Nassau cause I have no access to any money.
I need pro bono I am not able too pay 35$ right now
and i now have no place to live no food or ability to attend class any longer
I was so worried I’d loose everything I was feeling so pressured I just gave into the agreement
I really don't have the money that is why I'm going pro se.
well i dont have any money right now so im hoping he/she can work pro bono
never defaulted on thoses pymts he did..i really need a an attorny
Which would mean I’m out money for 3 years of nothing to show for it.
Wanted to lower it but he wasn't  paying  anything so judge said np
I can pay in increments weekly taken out of my bank. But no money until November 13
I gave temporary custody to my daughters grandparents and they are not following court orders I need help
I was revving money but it was taken by them since Jan
And since I couldn't evict them, they just live for free while I have to pay tax, mortgage, utilities, etc
I'll let yago thanks some one has to know where I can go before it snows and this finishes falling down
I'm pretty sure I qualify as low income I get snap and heap
The arrears are going to my sisters mom, she is willing to stop the payments. We just need to know how to do so
I’m very frustrated right now I need to reimburse the persone who send me the money
Forgot to mention that I recently had to start unemployment assistance so our financial situation has changed dramatically.
And I don't qualify for free legal services in the area as I "make over the threshold" yet I have no money
i also don’t make a lot of money
I was heading to foreclose but in order to keep the home, I am required to Pay then at least the  three months mortgage
It is about a host keeping my money on air b and b
I having a hard time paying my bills working
I was also accepted for house loan even after them noticing my income has gone low
thank you I have no money I need all the help I can get
I owe him for aug and now September but I did give him 100.00 towards August rent now he is taking me to court
bribed her with ice cream and other sugary snacks knowingly she is allergic to sugar
I'm afraid, and again, I'm not making money
I have no money coming in right now due to covid so i'm limited on funds
My ex needs to pay me money for our marital property but he refuses to do so and is ignoring my requests
i dont mind holding thank you for your help
Ok thank you. Do they work on a financial sliding scale? Money is a problem
He lost money even though he took the most.
I would like to file for my money lost
It is extremely frustrating because I can't CONTINUE to borrow from my family.
can the grandmother get in trouble for Receiving money while the baby is not there
I am a teacher and I do not have enough money to pay the money they are requesting.
I mean how can I pay when I can't earn a living by driving?
I haven't received nothing since 3 weeks ago ,that's the last time I worked for him
our coop is refusing to pay for bed bud extermination
its difficult to afford an attorney when I only bring home half a paycheck
Yes still but they taking out my check every week
I pay $120 a week and I don’t make a lot money
I’m trying to fill out a modification for change of income status
ssi has been trying to take money from them paperwork getting harder to deal with
I can't keep taking him to court and he knows this
We would like to know how much he can raise the rent and if we have any legal rights to contest it
My landlord keeps billing me for money I do not owe him.  I have SCRIE approval but he is ignoring it. Is this just harassment?
The balance only keep accumulating and I don’t want anything to do with it
he sponsored my green card and so there is another issue
yes her house is worth less than $50K and severe case of hoarding  we do not want to do anything with it
I need a free one because i don't make that much money please
no thanks I had a lawyer and he is the worst I have ever had waste of money
I used all my money in this apartment I can’t afford to start over and finally I have my credit in good standing
I wasn’t Assigned an attorney yet but I was told that I do qualify with my financial situation
Lastly, they have been holding my payments. Will I loose the money they been holding as well?
before we broke up he agreed he would pay me back but he hasn’t paid me a penny
Hes telling me I'm going lose if I go to court
I can't use the last one as he is incarcerated
I have unpaid light and gas bills , I am unable to work due to me being so far in my pregnancy.
it’s the middle of winter I had to borrow shoes because I had no shoes to wear
Due to the bureaucratic nature of the EDDS. I was having difficulty submitting my financial affidavit.
If I have to take $800 a week and rent a car for 230 a week it's not worth it
I'm in need of an attorney and my finances aren't in abundance right now
I can't pay my back rent, and might lose my housing, I can't afford to pay an attorney
and it’s hitting my credit pretty hard
Also didn't the modification mean I cant afford anymore than what I am paying
I would also like to know would the landlord be obligated to re-home us due to these persistent issues
This case is since June last year and I don’t want to loose the apparment
Hello I need help finding a lawyer due to work place harassment but I dont make much money
i live in orange county. i am going through financial difficulty right now and am unable to pay the debt or a lawyer
I had a judgment against me in housing court i didn't know anything about it until they start taking money out of my pay
No, that's okay.  I'm just trying to budget
They also refused my payment for last month.
Wherever will accept him being able to pay even though he has bad credit
only $25 dollars because I was receiving everything back then
im thinking a creditor screwed up applying payments
I know, I read that, but I'm trying to budget, and I don't know the amount
no this show get my ball rolling thank you so much
i was served papers at my home for failing to make credit card payments
I also do not have a lot of money as I am a single mom struggling as it is so I feel very stuck
Can I get help for food also I have no money I am disable
without real money from him this is going to be a big struggle for me as a single mom making what I make.
I have no money. I'm retired and do not get much
Landowners give me the deposit back but their real state doesn’t want to give me my money back
i said help but its no surprise that another place has no desire to help only to rake in funds
3 YEARS AGO I HAD A FALL AND REINJURED MY BACK WAS BEDRITTIN COULD NOT DO ANYTHING IM TOTALLY ON MY OWN TO FIGHT
i need to call the fastest I can. It’s been hard to charge my phone
so they can pay for her rent and provide her with money and food stamps that she not spendding on our daugter
so no stimulus and im concerned if i get unemployment they will take all that as well i cant make payments with no money
and I could not afford to take him back to court after he stopped paying.
I am having trouble with a contractor who's not showing up after taking 50% deposit.
I have a question regarding someone not making there payment when there was an agreement and now it’s messing up my credit
Ok I do t wanna press on it and lose you
A credit card I had, but when I became disabled I wasnt able to pay it anymore
payment plan how? I lost my job back in June of 2019 and have been using my own savings which is run out
I need my transcript from a university in NYC, a financial hold was put on it, what to do?
I would also like to know would the landlord be obligated to regime us due to these persistent issues
I know he’s not going to pay me on his own. i have to force his hand.
I need help because I don't think i am as good at debtting as a lawyer is
he never takes rent from checks he only want cash
I can’t afford  to pay all my credit cards anymore
I can't afford to pay full any. willing to continue payments but with out disenrollment
I can’t pay back that money  I don’t have
I dont know where shes been putting her money
I cannot afford my attorney any longer, been out of work for 6 months and money is a huge issue right now.
All of them is free I can't afford to pay for anything I'm not working
I really don’t feel like becoming A statistic
Hearn I move in there I pay security /month together
