What kind of information would you have---it's called corruption.
Sorry -- where did you find this info? Just so I can direct my client there
i had to speak to the secertary of the judge to get this information
I am imaging all of the people with pending cases and what they are doing in the meantime. It's a bad situation.
Yes, that’s fine. Just have a few questions for you about my current situation
I’d prefer to go to court in the Bronx since it is closer to my crib.
i don't know if the family court in the bronx
i also do not want his name as the baby's last name
n code enforcement if u have that information
HELLO HOW ARE YOU? I WAS ASSAULTED BY POLICE AND ASKING HELP IN GETTING A POLICE REPORT IN NEW YORK
it’s been a while since I been In the court and I filled a police report yesterday at the Police station
and the man said I guess my partner never told me so just have her call us when she returns
Just sad for him. Updating the notes now. Have a good day!
She says she works for "Bronx Civil Services"
My children's quarantine order is long then what it is supposed to be
will the city bar justice center be able to give advice?
So I should start a case in the Bronx court? And who would I go to to start it?
My name is Stacey and I need to know more about a certicate of voluntary administration .
Will the retrieval still be for the Bronx where we live now or Brooklyn where we used to live?
I`m alone since the shot down.....but I can't wait here and no one stop her or the land lord,,,,its a cold emotional pressure
It just has an asterisk in the box without a clear amount
Can chase chas garnish my disability check on an old credit card debt
Naica and the Information Office.  Both in the second floor.
I had the police over and as I said they told me it was a civil matter
I was wondering where I can find information on tenants rights regarding access to my fuse box?
the invoice i have states the..as of April 27
New York, NY or Bronx, NY
I was given a summons and complaint by the nursing home. How would I go about answering the summons and complaint.
it's related to money, taxes, and my bank being closed for suspicious activity
I went to went to the one by Bay Street
Ok that's what I'm finding too.   Splitting hairs over details as usual in a case.   Thanks!
Does this risk my employer attorneys could see this info?
What’s the law as to time they have to live with me. I’m the grandfather
actually I live in the Bronx my child was born in Manhattan
Meat department in a large grocery store chain
i checked all of the docket  number under the judge name
I wanted to file a possible Medicaid suit.
I just wanna mention I have a stigmatised disability this is the crux of the whole case
I called building inspector and after that harassed to no end
not in school working 8-2 monday thru friday and also working at a pizza place part time....
Hello! I'm speaking with military recruiters in the Air Force and the Navy and I have a question.
I need legal help on a surrogate court matter
No she basically dropped my niece off to me and never came back for her.
I am his brother, yes, he told me to go on this site.
I’m conducting legal research to determine my rights or path of recourse regarding the municipality that I live in.
I will have an important exam in about 2 weeks at that time and really needed a place to live and study
so my daughter went to the navy on oct 19
also would it be a conflict of interest if the foster parents invited the father to live with them!
and, if not, can we do the consultation over the phone?  I'd like to help her
thank you i contacted NYLAG and they told me to file with EEOC. I will try the others thank you and stay safe
he makes racially insensitive comments about asian people and black people and jews all the time.
my baby mother call me the 911 saying that I want take my child
I know person is living in the Bronx.  But I live in Brooklyn.
He won't be voluntary for our oldest but he told his mom he will let his rights go on our youngest
I turned her into code enforcement and department of health no one will help
no you mention to see the status of my case. if it was ever recived by the court
I thought they were only hearing cases with fully filed motions.  I have not filed my opposition papers yet.
how do I write a will that explains that and doesnt give him problems to take the kids...
So I can come up with an idea and present it to the magistrate and see what he and the magistrate say about it?
Can you have a parent with disabilities and they took my children away I was wondering how to get them back
I make over $70,000 per year.  Am i eligible for a free attorney? Yes it is in the Bronx
The division of human rights is where the case is being heard
I'm looking for a lawyer to appeal extended quarantine dates
Are you with the court or a different company helping people research
No this actually looks helpful. Im 30 and my biological father has never been around, is that considered abandonment?
I'm looking for a lawyer in Livingston county to help with a quarantine order
Should I wait till I get my son back
I need advice on a court case, consumer debt - credit card.
He keeps telling me hurry up and die so he can get the kids and take over the apt that is not in his name
if my husband move from one address to the other should he notify me even if its in the same state.
I live in the mortisania district. I am wondering if it is radical Jehovah witness members? I am not sure.
yea I think so she there parent and has full custody We want me to be added on
It’s simply a two page document
For now. She has been with me throughout the whole pandemic. Her mom is in town and looking to take her tomorrow.
I work for Berkshire farm center and services for youth at a local school.  I feel I can help her
Ok but you can give me information about the state law with what I ask
Thank you. Would you know of any other Governmental departments like the housing Authority, that I should speak with?
we will call the hot line thanks for the info
How would I go about changing my daughters last name?
I suspect fraud however because I have no recollection of signing consent for the adoption nor did I go to any court hearings
harassment from the father and concerns as far as who is around her
I would like to proceed  opening the box to find out if there is a will
An administrative hearing has been set for me.  CPS is trying to make an incident I had stick as substantiated.  How do I approach this?
Yes but he won't tell me where they live all I know is the bronx
I would like to know what site/page to refer to regarding Parental Alienation
i also told her to verify my fiancé’s gross annual income with his job and she told me she would and never did
Where would I be able to find the court records?
That was supposed to be the resource concerning preparation for a fair hearing.
Yes.Need help preparing and filing Notice and Summons on toxic exposure injury
Yes does it matter what court house the we seen the judge
so they really would like to hear it from someone they trust and respect
is there a way to use my social and search online for docket or case numbers connected to me?
I am just looking to know which laws have been put in place for my situation
I have a primary immune difeciency and I have a new full time job
I inquiring about the law in NY for a child being home alone
Not the best situation and lots of responsibility put on her.
I want information about my aunt who is withheld x a federal case
Yes, where can I find the number for bronx 's family Court.
I'm just wondering where I'd go to report an intentional incest case, that resulted in a child being born.
I asked for the truant officer and was told he does not qualify.
No.  A person who works for the office for the aging gave me his name.
I'm sure I would have to do it in Massachusetts,  he wouldn't show up to the bronx court house
so I wonder such small cases are still operate on scheduled dates?
However in the subpeona there are two additional checks that were issued to him by the buyer that would bring the amount over "X"
The amount is $890 . I have the letter from Section 8 to Show if you like to see it.
Ok thank you. I really need help on this situation.
would you be able to tell me if the bronx criminal court is hearing “pink ticket” cases?
I just want my Kenya home and get her ready for school
My case was put on pause for ID  I sent them in 3 months ago and case still on pause
I need some information about order protección before I go to the court
I’m wondering if you can connect me with a free/low cost lawyer for bankruptcy
I am leaving for Texas next week and returning end of month. I need help stopping the 14 day "quarantine"
Hello! I was just wondering if there is a list of Social Workers the court recommends for a home study in manhattan?
I really need to have this matter address to someone, The automatic system can not help at this time!
Sure thing do have one question fair hearing how long til you get a date? got confirmation a few weeks ago but no date.
she lives in Brooklyn with the baby. My son  lives in the Bronx
Im in Queens but the case is bronx court
Yes he is the father and need case transferred to Brooklyn court out of the bronx.
Can a company hold a paycheck a month after quiting, and say they won't give the pay check until lost keys are returned?
one day this guy showed up in a really nice car, nicer car then ive ever seen in my life
I was on furlough,  I was laid off last week and the company sent me a Severance pay
they are making me feel like I’m a criminal :(
Thank you. I am an international student with no income (except a TA position). Are these resources free?
AND NOE THEY SEND ME A NOTICE OF HEARING AND BEFORE THE HEARING I HAD TO SUBMINT A FORM CALLIIND NET WORTH OF STATEMEN
I am just looking for advice on the process to notify my employer and protect my job
It is an Amish built house. It was built off-site and delivered here.
my ex wife lives in the Bronx ny
yeah im not asking for advice. im asking what the law states
At least with resolving getting the physical order document.
I’m not sure where the record department would be
Before you go, who can I contact to see what the court status of this is?
it pulled up a few accounts i can make which one do i pick
yes. Hello, I have questions around probate.
I never got a letter stating that I was involved in a case either just this women calling me
That has been my ONLY infraction (other than an occasional ticket in the last 25 years)
and my daughter is sick and has lots of machines and private nursing which we can’t keep due to space
Hello, I would like to know in which jail my son is in. His name is Juan Antonio Hernández Rosas.
Then would the Pope have to present to a judge that he is the biological father?
I need this document so I can take care some personal business
Divorce certificate, State ID, my son's green card? What else should I bring with me?
I wish. Maybe. I'm in deep shit with IRS. Any suggestions?
I called Camba Bronx works and catholic charities home base
Ok it should. Do you think the post office would b any help?
5 days ago we learned about the baby's existence
Do you know what court house I can go to if I need to start any type of court order?
I have a summons for complaint and we're trying to fill out the affidavit of service
YES, MATTERS WHERE BROUGHT TO MANAGEMENT ATTENTTION, YET I SEEMED TO BE THERE PROBLEM
so that OSC is considered an emergency petition just to make sure i am understanding correctly
Yes please. I file a complaint to her supervisor and other places but no one is taking me seriously
she e-mailed the agency and Tuesday the 16th her supervisor at the agency said
I know about case as i have been able to find it out t hrough on line info.
Which type lawyer can I use for assistance?  How do I find out the docket number if the case?
i have a pending relocation case how can i drop the case
the whole staff at fedex know the situation
i need help finding free legal services that can help me with a SNAP case
Good Afternoon, I have a quick question regarding relocation.  Do I have to notify the court that I will relocate with my son?
I was wondering if theres some sort of contract template you have available that I could use to ensure i get my money back
Hello. Wondering about my options in zip code 11221
Need to speak to someone (a lawyer to get valid information
Yes that is the number for the court house I called
My child's mother has relocated my children and will not tell me where they are. I am  supposed to have my 50/50 arrangement tomorrow
Good afternoon ive had a case since 2018
we were just wondering.  Old guidelines on the website, doesn't help me.. We won't open until June 1st, the earliest. Pediatric dental
Just wondering if I can have her removed tonight by calling anyone. If not I will be calling rural law.
Local police told me my house will be confirmed tomorrow but it is up to codes. No serious issues
my case was a very sensitive one but also tough
...ok. .so the section 8 part was 294
how to go bout pressing charges against the people that had my daughter when she ran away
Thanks Charles that's my son's name.
Thank you Ashley. Do you have any advice on what I should do with the notice he has left. Plain white envelope in my mailbox.
and also he seed he dont care about the orden
I'm back i am going to review some of these documents
Also, if I cannot locate my Greencard or the passport with the original stamp how can I find my greencard number?
I will go to the Hauppauge office and see what they tell me
how to i start the filing procedure? go to the courts? do you need an appointment?
thank you, I am finding no matches right now. This case was opened in either brooklyn or the bronx. Both counties say no results
He refuses to take any responsibilities. We have two kids. I’m wondering if a JUDGE can make him act like a normal person.
and also I live in the. Bronx and my daughter lives in Brooklyn
The first one is an administrative hearing with NYSOTDA.  The second one is  with NYCHRA.
Dan, where in Oneida County can I get help with bad debts, yes
The woman at the court house said I would be responsible and to research it
Hi I have A few questions.  i was wondering if the bronx family court is accepting new petitions for full custody?
Somebody call acs on me and I have the case number
I was very upset and it seems this is a basic human rights issue
and want to check my case status and last court orders online
i would like to know how f social security can just discontinue your case without a notice
Yes please thank you in state isiand or the bronx i live in the bronx
He has access to his online account and can show the payments being made, but we need the original court order document.
Well I will give it a try everybody else. Was saying Bronx works was the place to look into.
but never followed through! just wanted proof that he was my father
i went to clerk no orders in the court papers yet
I guess my main concern is that if my daughter visits her mom, can she legally keep her without being under quarantine
On 8/21, I also make a police report.
Where can I go in Bronx, NY to get a free
The IRS site asks for and address but i’m not sure what to put
after filing out the reports he sent me on my way and told me that I will get a call once they arrest him.
when i go on putative father registry where do i go on website to search
if I keep getting bothered for conversations from blacks I will do a death that’s it end the bullshit
I have a daughter and her mom is giving me some problems to see my baby
if u close out of the cha will i lose all of these linnks
I was served with divore papers, it says to respond in 20 days
Hi is the court house open today
I need some body like the FBI or human rights society
i would like to inquiry about  second stage of green card process
i was told i need to go to the court house/estate and planning section and get a widow's allowance?dont know what that is all about
I have a court today I want to know is the court house is open
Hello my name is Jacquella Walker i live in the Bronx.
My case isn’t really related to the public health crisis
I need a lawyer my son's dad beat me I have the police report
I would like to ask about small estate affidavit form and general questions about letter of testamentary.
I believe I have the owners name can I bring a civil case on that person?
I have the final conversation with Sarah and Nathan on audio file.
im thinking of turning myself in should I go to the precinct or court house?
Can i have the help number for bronx family court
Thank you. So do i just contact these groups and tell them my story and see if they can help?
I paid it directly to the mother n I have all the transaction receipts
Different cities. So 2 different reports. But the officer told me to go back buffalo and report the incident with BPD.
Hi, I want to get some information about my case.
I am wondering if there is a law in place about video conferencing with students under the age of 13 for education purposes
The advice entails on how to bring the suit among other matters?
I just called that number and they said they don't help on criminal cases or information
I want to know my rights with my children's school?
Hello. I need help with a civil case
Quick question, if I am going to be an administrator do i need to open an estate account?
yes it went through today..  my wife's lawyer just sent us the confirmation
Can you tell me where or how to get fingerprinting done for a private adoption case?
Her mom is still collecting and my daughter lives with me
once i close this chat box the transcript will be sent to me?
I have child support court on Wednesday. I need to know how to notify the court that I am sick.
that first document doesn’t help me specifically
thats the document number from the court , in case someone else ask you in the future
She is helping the city get their money back. Welfare case.
I know the mother gets medicaid u believe and help from government
Hi... long story short i was mislead by a respite home... had to go into the shelter system and am now back in the hospital
I had so many horror stories with collection unit...
Ok Thank you I will try the Saratoga one its closer
I would like information on a nuisance case.
im facing a wrongful eviction, i have some specific questions about paperwork mostly
Good afternoon, I'm a social worker  just looking to get a few answers for a client I work with.
Legal representative that can help me and  info me with what I can do in general.
however aside from that I need help to fix house , which is why I was wondering what sort of lawyer would that be ?
We live in the Bronx but the court house we was sent to was the one in canel street
I would but then they would identify me and my case which I'm not sure I want.
Would like to fight for the rights to see my son
He lives with us and 100% agrees with our view of the truth
Hi.  I just had a general question about eligibility for Unemployment Insurance.  Would that be something you would be able to answer?
I want to file for custody and would like to know if the court rooms are already open for this particular matter?
I need to know the details of my sister's defender attorney
I want to get an emergency hearing with the court and use the findings to help my daughter get her schools information
The officer just gave me a copy of the report and told me to go to buffalo police and report what happened the night before.
You should be looking for information on the medicaid buy in program
(well done!  just finishing up with Molly - hang on)
Wage garnishment.  Do not know what the case is or what the debt originally was. It's from 2002. Never recieved summons
hello, if i am creating a program who helps students with legal concerns and their cases, who would i need to  speak with?
The clerk said go hire a lawyer.
Would I be able to sent a letter to Martha explaining the situation to t the 100 supreme court drive address?
Now the police wants us to come to the precinct to question the kids
My son currently lives in New York City in the Bronx
you can see the cause number he is called Juan Antonio Hernández Rosas
ok John thank you. It's funny John was my fathers name
Ok great! I’ll do that then. Would you be able to give me information about the whole emancipation thing
I just wanted to know is the Bronx family court open
Plus I need help with the Housing Court Case
I believe it said custodial account for my daughter
If i try for a say away order for my son, would i have to go to court for that ? Or a police station?
ok. I do have the court order number. Thank-you.
Hi Jamie, I need to find out what or if I qualify for help in a case. I am being sued for a dog bite.
THEY ALL BRIBED NOT TO TAKE MY CASE I CALLED THEM BECAUSE MY CAR ACCIDENT WAS WITH NYMTA BUS MY CAR AND THE BUS CRASHED
Do u know when the office physically opened?
she did inform me about moving, but i dont know  if the court has been informed
Sister came back from Korea a couple months ago,  and everyone has been walking on eggshells since. It's my mother brother sister and me.
Will they also be able to help me with a civil suit
I believe the  Bronx  all I have  is phone number  and  tex I sent
i need find a lawyer for a dog issue
Hi. I need help with a civil case
for crimicail judgice report an police report
I have filed a complaint on the federal trades website last night
would they be able to tell me if the case is still scheduled
No we haven’t seen any lawyers or judges. She has been living with me since birth so about 5 months
thank you.thats all I need.I will call #2.they helped me a few yrs ago w marital issue
Aww man I called the first one already and they said they don’t handle cases like my dads
I've made a police report (I do every time)
Thank you. Under the coronavirus circumstances, I just don't know what to do once the paperwork is completed.
the pension peopel just called me and said it comes from comptroller office
Thanks. He was extremely upset hearing that (understood of course). I'll update the file shortly
what is the name of the organization that medites between 2 people to help situation
We take care of his personal needs, visit, school meetings, behavior plans, etc.
I need help for a divorce and I’m on a fixed income. I was directed to the Bronx legal aid
That's the plan I just like to know all the laws and regulations and be informed. :)
And what about the telephone number to find out about the parole hearing today for my son
I'm looking for information on how I go about filing for full custody of my child
I have a little baby with me. I need help with my divorce case and immigration case
It is called the CORC - central office review committee
i was told that, also told that I will need a memo stating Bronx no longer has jurisdiction over the case
they don’t have my name or apt number just video surveillance shot on a wanted flyer
Joan, sorry I lost you. I was asking about school nurses.
So the ACD won’t show up on a regular background check?
No. They put notices on all of the doors in my building. It is an annual inspection it states on the notice.
Only my father can give that to the court or I can try to get those reports?
hi I just have quick questions I spoke with someone earlier they told me to call bronx legal help line
the lawyer has been dragging this out and ha been relitigating that which has already been ruled on in the past.
I need to get small estate administration letter. Can you help me with that?
On the website that you’ve gave me where do I go to file? Because I see a lot of schooling topics on there
Hello my name is jasmine and I’m looking to get assistance with some legal issues
Also she has no bedroom.  She sleeps on a couch in the same room as a set of bunk beds where two young boys sleep
The lawyer needs to know his history to address the proper mandated treatment for him.
Ok so the attoebey general civil rights bureau u said?
I don’t know my local office number
ok you can see my son's cause number
The forms that tells the status of my case that was sealed for my job.
but ill do that ill ask them instead since you don't handle family situations
I leave in the Bronx they say I have to apply in this website but I kind of loss don't know where to start
And the Electronic hearing form for people who live out of the county
i use to live in queens then the Bronx now a new location out of the city
but the court paper mailed to my home say the bronx court
i know I can file a complaint but to my understanding it is a lengthy process
i have a legal issue in the Bronx and looking for free representation for a credit collection issue
I thinks thats all i can think of at the moment for my daughter's case. I have some about my son's case
or deal with the Nation passport agency or federal agencies?
I work in a city hospital in the Bronx in the behavioral health department
Ok thank you. So the father can see the baby then? There's no court orders
thank you I will do the survey  no problem thank you for you help and just listening to me ....
Sorry for all that ashlee but that's the meat and potatoes
Good afternoon I have a question regarding the courts accepting new petitions
Hi again Kiana! I did think of one more question. I was just chatting with you about helping people with problem gambling
The dealership said it's not covered under any warranty because the previous owners did take care of the car properly
I am not on the lease anymore or welfare case anymore
Well no wonder the school districts act like they do in Niagara County.  Thank you for all your help.  I appreciate it.
I needed some information regarding marital property, if possible
My mothers neighbors  are scared to make reports of what they hear to the police
He is a single father,  I have no information on the mother or any other family
yes summons and one summons and complaint and I have 30 days
he will go to the police station the press charges against the specific  staff member
no it’s a general question I don’t need a lawyer, it’s a system process
but no need to include Social Services Address?
Hello- I'm looking for legal help regarding my current work situation
and she will come to the car every Friday and start an argument
i printed out the 18 page document but I am not sure if all areas or sections are completed accurately
I’ve already filed a police report
I need the court case docket number
Do you think the immigration unit can help with eatate issues?
I am just curious as to what age a child can make a choice on which parent they can live with
Her child was removed Friday and all she got was a letter saying that she has court tomorrow at 9 am and no other information
yes i have a existing case i wanna try to do online again
yes is there a form for the mothers called the obligation amount from
That's fine , and in that case you probably don't want to know the courts involved in the 440 motions I want to do
all her paper work is from the Bronx the problem is she stays in CT
I am contacting  you for my cousin  with her permission to talk about a adoption  case
I need help to find a lawyer for sexual assult  By me dad me all way back June 1975 to April 1983
Bronx family court is what I'm looking for
And about the interim court proceeding? I can get those records?
this hole thing has been exusting and just don't need any more humps in the road
The social worker already called about my niece
No. I just want the recording to stop. It's getting worse every day. The owners use the audio against the employees and customers
I have to answer a complaint & serve a copy of my answer regarding a car accident where I am being sued
Hi. My landlord filed a non-payment petition with NY Civil Court but then filed a notice of discontinuance
The receptionist checking me threatened me and told me I have your info
I can just type into the Notes to Client field, if that works.
they harassing me every where I go from home my kids school kids daycare
I called the mother of my children an she told me she open a case where she claims some sort of  arreas
Okay thank you. do you have any more information on the emancipation process?
my baby does not have her dads last name and i want information in how can i included
I am only looking for information. I was told that NY has programs for fathers to get on track
I need help with a legal guardianship case the children are with me right now but the mom wants them back
mother doesnt  share school information or anything
How much information should I give with reference to what the girls have been telling me on these documents
Cuz of the virus stuff that's going on now we have to take it back in from the beginning
but the noise complaints are not even something I am doing wrong. For example. I would understand if it was music of stomping
my son is in that jail and I don't know how to send money they ask me for the code
the debtors employer lied on the information subpoena questionnaire.  what can I do about that, generally speaking?
Just curious if I have a part time job can I file for benefits?
I called the police and they said I can make a police report because that’s extortion
I use to live in the Bronx and moved to Canada in 2012
When preparing the application, the broker called saying that my alienage/national origin might be an issue, and asked me for a guarantor
Are the courts of the Bronx accepting new split custody petitions
yes i appealed. no grievance procedures i am working through my union
I have court order and the mother of my children comes out of the house every time my wide goes to pick my kid
Thank you. I live in the Bronx but the case is in Manhattan
Is it okay to use the services you recommended in the bronx
Yes legal information regarding situations like this I suppose
But I will not close the case since presumably that will lose the documents for next time (if there is a next time).  Thanks.
Been looking searching since wed...this a hand full
I am trying join the army but need to give up my rights as a parent. What do i do?
like is there any way for people to search for open civil complaints against them?
so until then I have to just sit and wait it out and be out my son life for a few more months ?
They are asking for the file number or docket number which is what I need for my lawyer
Now, this week my daughter came home telling me that some students wrote on her notebook pad the following "stupid, fucking, bitch"
People at the morgue. I need an attorney to proceed.
Hi yes I was just wondering how do I fine information on docket number
The last known address is my house where we used to live
Are you aware if there is somewhere to find what attorneys are admitted in the Bronx Housing Court?
ok how do i find a electronic testimony application
hi, i need help with end of life  documents
the last court session we had the judge gave my child’s mother permission to leave at the end of the school year
no, they did not. i called the court house and gave them my name and that is how i was given that information.
I had a lawyer in the past I dont know if you heard of her her name is Lillian Sondon
I would like to know how l can go about filing a complaint with the Citu
Basically, I don't know what to file or where to file it.  I also wonder if this constitutes as kidnaaping
So basically the DA office took my phone for some accusation and its almost a month how do i follow up ?
How do we go about asking the family court in Onondaga County, if she can view these case records?  What is the process?
legal aid for a fair hearing for discontinuance of Medicaid
Hi Katie, my name is Judy Perez
manhattan and the bronx. I have a total of three grandchildren
I would like to know how to file for sole custody
I live in the Bronx in case have one near me
Ok thanks i will call the bronx courts and ask questions thank you for your help.!
Is there a website that has all of the laws regarding my situation that you know of?
I need someone to speak to, to get free information with my situation
the mother is on welfare, and i do not mind giving her anything she wants especially for my kid
I have a few questions about the index number in a divorce case
I have to send in my information. If he.has 3 businesses and i have a regular job making ends meet what would he get?
How this dead beat father get away with things
2. Can I also make a complaint against him back since I know how evidence in which he actinides the situation
would I have to present information to the court for a willfullness determination or a hearing?
Yes he wa arrested and he told me in the precent
If you are able to tell me where I was rude to you and that is standing I am not gonna   report you
A police report was made when the incident happemd
I need a real estate lawyer concerning my parents homestead
How can a copy of paternity court records from back in the early 80s
It's for my daughter, and she lives in Brooklyn. I'm helping her get info, as she is very busy with a baby.
Oh ok...do you have a idea when these offices would be opening back up?
Good afternoon. I am inquiring when will Bronx family court reopen to file for child support?
the police said my sis could get trouble
Is it legal for a landlord to inform a third party about your business with him?
ohh they are a legal tean that does uneployment cases free> I am very close to Brentwood I will look them up
I was also advised to file a complaint with the department of health
thank you but i photographed them and i am wondering if there is any agency that deals with seniors as i am 81 years old
I was waiting on Gina, I was chatting with her and she was looking up information for me
Yes I am The Custodial parent and the NCP had a court date September 3 How can I find out if he showed up
Hello. I have some concerns about my son's we'll fare.
He went to question why and learned of the arrearage order.
can I ask a seemingly random question... can I get the 911 call he made against me?
I was wondering whether the family court in the Bronx Is open
I had a hearing on 10/7 which I looked up my file thats how I knew.
Hi I just need to know if I have Great Grandparents right to see my Great Grandchildren
I misplaced the award letter with the seal on it how do I get a replacement?
I am working for a company, I created powerful Excel spreadsheet solely on my own and shared them when supervisor asked me to
I will not to FLa because her mother went over there without notifying me or my knowledge at all.
i have. there is dead ends as far as the agencies i can find
and the groups that help with health issues arising from housing problems?
I dont think it is there fault or the judges just the system
yes, i know about them.  is there any outfit or group that deals with home drug labs of which there are so many in NYC.
8 days ago we learned about the baby's existence
Another question, should my girlfriend speak to a lawyer before she speaks to the bank suing her for her debt?
hello, I am inquiring for information in regards to have full guardianship of my disabled daughter that is 23 years old
I will like to know how to  file for sole custody
Oh, I thought this chat line was for Legal Aid Society!
Any literature I read only expresses about being sick, or business closure
I made a complaint on 311 about bug infestation in my building. A call came in, that I missed,but there was no message
Also am I able to have the courts look and see if I'm eligible for the arrears cap program
im wondering what the process would be to put my child into foster care. she is also on probation if that changes anything
would it be possible to find more places in the bronx?
Can you please clarify on what you mean your own canned responses? The canned responses are set already.
the police were called he filled out a report and there were witnesses to this situation and the incident was on camera
I am looking for the laws in NY that relate to constructive emancipation
I wanted to know if the bronx family court was open?
Thank you, I had all those questions I needed an answer for or clearing up. Thanks for your time!
I was born in 1954.  Do you think these records would even any longer?
Thanks in the UK I would just look at the law society info to varify there existence
Will I be able to go back home to him if the investigation stops
I text to my ex wife and she won’t answer since two week and I want to know how is my son doing
NO one knows her whereabouts... not her family, best friend, or my daughters babysotter.... we are all worried .
the dept if the aging is of no help, the various shencies do nit deal with accidents cases
My two grand daughters live where they used to live with her mother in studio apt
where can I find free legal services in the bronx ?
Bronx ? My child's father is in Staten Island, NY
I didn’t see my daughter for long time and I really miss her
I'm extended family (cousin), asking for our Grandmother, who is has physical and legal custody
I already filed a complaint months ago
