Hello, how can I receive a confirmation that my ny case has been closed
i want to find out if all of the cps cases from 2019 have been unfounded in reguards to my daughter Autumn Shrader
I would like to know if I have a deportation case open on file
I need help a case that is due at 10 am with the judge
I need to reschedule a case at the court on the 14
and whether new cases are done by video or in person
I'll take some names that would be great. Just in case I need them. Thank you
When will the courts begin accepting new civil cases that are deemed non essential
I want to file order of filiation.... does that mean I’m required to file for a paternity case?
yes. Just did . they said that most likely will not happened as the court is still closed to the public for these type of cases
lawyers pick and choose which race cases to take
OK I have a court date for February 5th it's a holding case
Ok thank you I see you help with question regarding the case too ?
hE IS in australai THAT IS WHY i need the CSMS to set up the case in Australia
How do I go about filing for legal guardianship of my son who is autistic turning 18 to make decisions for him
Yes I have two cases filed and both are for the 1st at 1030am
Can cases started over 7 years old still be found?
Yes we did for several years our case still is there
I went to the precinct today. And they were not able to file a case for this. What are my options
My case has benn going on for 2 years, and I expect it to continue for at least another couple years.
Also are NYC courts taking new cases? Do you know?
I want to know about a current case reopened against me
but i need to speak to someone first to ensure i have a case
do you ever hear of cases where the male is wrong and still pursue?
My mom has an unfounded CPS case on her name. Is in possible to get this off her record.
There are no pending cases....judge stated the case can be reopen in May...but the courts have been closed and time is passing by
If i file for add-ons, does that impact the time when the case can go back before the court
It says related cases, I just don't know if my bankruptcy is considered a related case.
are there any extenuating circumstances that are an exception and can be filed sooner?
I need a lawyer for a case in C.I court on the 20th for a case from 30 years ago
I want to know if the RJI is mandatory to  a uncontested divorce case.
Shes being told she has to have a case open since they are in a shelter
I would like to seek help regarding a civil case
(im getting my cases mixed up!!) But she is 85.
I would like to find a lawyer that would help me in a discrimination case
Se has done this in the past and the cases have been dismissed
need free help with probate issue
i think and im 100% sure this kinda case is only one in this EARTH
I would like to put a modified order for visitation and over nights with my grandson I have his case number if needed
That really isn't what I'm looking for the case has been closed for 16 years just need documents produced by the case.
Ok....i got it. I will try all 3 sites. Are the courts currently taking these type of cases? I mean because of the pandemic
they've been closed for non-essential cases since march
do you know approximately how long these cases take to be reviewed?
This is for a pro se case. It is a very basic question about the effect of the multiple Executive Orders.
Both forms says there has to be an existing order and there is not, in my case
thats what thought about the court order... in case I really need
I like to know about civil court case
The case hasn't gone to court yet but soon it will.
I don't think there's an option within this list available for my client's issue.
makes sense, there are more urgent cases at the moment
I have case numbers I would like to know what they are
I'm currently in default and would like to know is it possible to have my case heard in court. I'm on hardship at the moment
It makes sense the case has to be screened first by an established agency/
i honestly don't know it wasn't from any case to do with me
That would also be greatly appreciated,  just in case
Yeah it says new cases won’t be heard until court is open
We have a court date in March so I think the case is pending?
Hello I have two questions regarding my case
Just in case, I'm still here. I'll hold as much as needed
can i use these number to file a harrasment suit
No the cases are closed it’s just arrears one is open
I have an open case from December 2019, but no order or court date
I don’t need information I need to know how to start a case
I need help with a workers rights case I want to file
I had already filed, my case is December 17
Hello, I am looking for assistance in how to go find legal help for my case
I just need to know whats happening with my case
I really need help with someone helping me to take over my case and finish the case
Do you know more or less how long does it take for a case to be sealed
Hello I'm in need of help with a case
I wanna know how to file a case ?
I had a case then closed the case but want to re open the case
I think I have tried the second one before. I was told they don't these case. Thank youstill
I need a recommendation for a medical malpractice/misrepresentation case.
What to do in a holdover case if you need more time to move?
because of time sensitivity I don’t won’t them to return the case to dead files once
Will they be able to help for a case in Nassau county?
I’m sorry I don’t have case. I just wanted to know if courts were open
Either lawyers don't handle this kind of case or I could file for small claims..but my local court is monetary only
Yes I will like to reinstate my section 8 case
I can't figure out where to look for my type of cases on your website.
My son is 34year old and they reopen the case case was close long time ago he was 18 at the time
we are doing this in case decisions have to be made for the kids, just until my brother is able to
No one because in my opinion, they never dealt with a case like mine.
Well yes but I would like to be sure how to proceed in this case
How do I file if the court is only open to essential cases?
But I'm still paying and the case was closed
I need to know what this is all about and the other parties name and why the case is open
FYI, the first option is not taking new cases until August.
Do I have the right as a non-custodial parent to know where the money is going for a rears case only
great , do you know how much time  cases like that usually need
The case has been "removed".  This means it is a federal case at this time.
I beieve there are 2 judgements on me one from each case
and I don’t wanna keep going to jail because then I will get an acs case
we just want to know what court. because the case is uncommon
Do I need to go to court to start a case ?
i have printed off the laws and really feel i have a good case
I am looking to find out what steps I need to take to file a small claims case against the driver
Multiple times and I'm told my case is still pending but that is all
Yes it has been in Brooklyn and the case is two years old
I need some legal help for a court case tomorrow
Any other ones, just in case they can't take anymore cases as well
i looked they done provide help in my case
As of right now i would like to be legally seperated.  Until a full decision can be made
Thank you  can I  get someone  to fight my case for me
I called them but they said they don't take anymore cases
do they take court cases (rural) ? I only see rural
i thought this is vrey clear case not like other crimes but ...i was wrong
i just want NY out the case so I can deal just with VA
it has it be a separate case ? Even when one is open?
Hello. How do o file a Statement of Proposed Disposition in a matrimonial case
do you know what kind of case this would fall under
I called them before but they don’t deal with this type of cases
I’d like to know which organization I can go to to appeal a case
I wish to file a case against the 67th precint when will the court be open ?
this is my first time , I don’t have a case already
Can i file thr case in the court now a days?
i need to know how to get my case on the calendar
Just wanting to confirm,  small claim court cases are being rescheduled at this time?
the number you provided does that pertain to matrimony cases/
They stated they couldn't help me as its a fruad case
their sort of confused at s.s. because theve never had a case like this
okay so it just gets put together in the court case?
And this is to file a new case on an existing court order
So for example. If normally a case had to be filed on March 29th, what is the new date?
there's  a way I can see the case online?
My case will be 3 years old and up for renewal next april. If I file for add-ons this year, does that change that date?
I also just recently did a order to show cause and had the case put back on the calendar
Do you know if they are seeing these cases or is this going to be acknowledged when the courts open back up
i would like for my case to be re-evaluted  i am the  custodial parent
i need to get my case on the calendar. how do i do that online?
i would like to move forward with a case in court.
Hello I wanted to know if I have a case against my sons school
i would lile to know how to put myself as the custodial parent on this case
Hello I have a quick question as far as filing for a court case
Hello, I would like some legal help.  It's not a court case yet but I think it might go there
Is there anyway that you would be able to call me it's alot to type out for my confusion on this case
yes I have had a past court case in the Bx with this person
Already involved,  but want to open a new case
it's frustrating because we aren't in danger of being homeless, and I imagine there are many more serious cases in the system.
