I have already called attorneys and 3 of them gave me this website to get advice and info regarding landlord rights!
Looking for free legal services regarding being harassed by my landlord
Hi my name is Edwin and my family and are going thru a lot of  our landlord  has been harassing us over a year.
Hi . I need help finding a lawywr . Apparently lol. My landlord is harrassing me and my family .
Hi, I'm looking for legal assistance with a matter that involves my previous landlord.
i have a situation with my landlord and i just dont know who i can speak to regarding this
Yes , It’s just from the landlord and he’s asking for more money than we agreed upon
Hello my landlord is selling . Do I have to allow people to come in and see it as well as leave during the showings?
Ca a landlord evict you Paul covid-19 situation is going on
Landlord was aggressive with my husband when he came hope from work Wednesday and we are concerned about what he will do.
Our chat disconnected. I’m a small business owner dealing with a landlord issue
I am looking for information on your site regarding landlord's rights...
I am looking to file against a former landlord who lives in a different county, do I have to go there to just file
So basically bring it to the landlords attention and hope he takes care of it
the police are aware and so is th e landlord
Is it illegal for an exterminator to photograph your dwelling for a landlord?
I'm currently dealing with a holdover eviction notice from my landlord, and I'd appreciate any general information you can give as to what to expect?
How can I get the lawyer help about my landlord harassment
OK. I HAVE TO ISSUES: ONE IS HARRASTMENT AGAINST LANDLORD AND THE OTHER IS ABOUT REPAIRS
"has your landlord ever harrassed or threatened you if you refuse to movE"
Hi I got disconnected from the last agent I'm having problems with my landlord
I'm concerned about some shady actions by my landlord and am seeking information about how I may proceed
and a request from the landlord asking me to stop posting on social media about this
they keep saying 8ts a landlord 9roble
I want to know if I can take my landlord to court before she try’s to evict me. I am
Can my landlord ask me to pay rest of reming term?
but have been having issues with the landlord since July and in September he unhooked use of my stove and hot water tank
Can a landlord enter your home without notice?
hi i was subject to landlord harassment, what shall i do?
Sorry the tested last year when trying to sell thier home so been one year sense they known and new landlords been sense sept 2019
My landlord is trying to illegally and forcefully evict me
the landlord wants to meet me this evening at 8pm
I’m a barbershop owner and the landlord is harassing me and my partner for late rent.
My landlord is harassing me . And it’s so much I can take
my landlord is threating legal action and I want to  speak to someone about it
My landlord requires a 30 days advice from me in order to move out
It’s just from the landlord and he’s asking for more money than we agreed upon
can landlord call police  officer  evict us out
I HAVE BEEN CALLING ALL THESE PLACES THEY TELL ,E WE ONLY HELP WITH LANDLORD TENENT CASES
I'm trying to get help with something going on with my landlord
My landlord this Saturday put new locks at the door
My landlord is now evicting me for What happened, as if I invited these people to come over and then they did this
I own a small business in the county and have a concern regarding my landlord. Who can help with this?
I'm just wondering what I'm entitled to if I take my former landlord to court
yes I offered to show the landlord but he still said no
Can a landlord evict someone in Nassau county?
my question  is.   When I give the keys to the super i am now concerned  the landlord  will try and say
Hello, I just spoke with someone who’s said he could send me resources for help with my landlord in queens
I didn't mind doing this because of the situation but..i have heard from people that landlord's can get nasty
the senior wasn’t living in the apt at them time and landlord was very much aware of it
I believe my landlord is retaliating against me for exercising my rights to a habitable home
Trying to find a pro bono lawer to help me sue my old landlord for my security back
i just want to make sure there isn't a judgement against me.
yes I need the landlord contract for take out my nice
Can my landlord change my locks and evict me with out taking me to court my least expires today
I received a letter with a civil case against my landlord
one stop payment for mortgage help for landlords due to covid
i think my landlord is trying to get me to leave
thank you for your time and one way or another I will expose this landlord this is not right
Got a 849 dollars judgment on landlord in 2010 and haven't herd anything
I'm having trouble with my next door neighbor we share landlords. I feel harassed
bit the landlord doesn’t like me because she tried to overcharge us for rent but we fought back
I am trying to get a order of protection to keep my landlord away from me and my business
Correct that’s what I am seeing but what happens if the landlord does it anyway?
Landlord changed locks without my permission or knowledge
Looking for legal advice for issues I’m having with my current landlord
Yes all is paid landlord deposited the check
This lady isn't the landlord. I would say just someone selling rooms on behalf of the landlord
Hi I need assistance with commercial landlord issue
Hi Im just looking for general legal information related to harrassment by my landlord and bad/dangerous conditions in general
I read that I can receive reimbursement for this expense, but my landlord refused to do it
I'm looking to get landlord rights in New York. More specifically Oswego County
Starve because my landlord won't allow anyone in
Question: 1.our store close on 4/15, when 5/26 back to my store, the landlord put their stuff without get our permission?
i want to know the status of it was paid out to my landlord or not
My landlord tying to illegally evict me and I need legal aide
Hello I have a question about a court case I had last year with my landlord
I would like to surrend the apartment to the landlord
Ya it's kinda confusing because most landlords only ask for first and last but I guess the new law restricts them from charging more
Awesome! Ur opinion should I tell landlord on my behalf? Or not?
Hi, I am looking for learning about landlord responsibilities.
My landlord is trying to evict me i don't know what to do.
I have a counter claim with my landlord is a commercial business
My landlord gave me my one months notice on August. 5 , to be  out by September 1. Shouldn’t it be september 4?
I'm contacting in regards to my landlord demands  we leave.
Hello I need help speaking to someone about a court case I had last year with my landlord
I’m having problems with my landlord and looking for some advice
My landlord won't let anyone in my room
the landlord gave us notice this Sunday that passed that we only have 2 months
I also need a lawyer for landlord tennant court
I'm facing some issues with my landlord right now and I want to know my current legal rights
Hi. I am trying to find some legal information on a situation I've been dealing with with my landlord.
I understand that the landlord can not evict for the 90 day period
Im trying to find info on how to take  my former landlord to court for taking my belongings in lieu of back rent
i would like to know where to find information for landlords
my landlord harassing me sayin they have not paid him for this month
Well, I'm more so looking for something that says that the landlord has to make them available to read.
I have a letter from a doctor to have a dog can a landlord refuse it
So I’m writing today because I am having lots of issues with my landlord. And I need some help
I felt like I was already doing landlord a favor because without my help. .with no estate or will he would have gone to probate
I received a letter from my landlord saying I’m being evicted for non payment
Yes I urgently need a lawyer that specializes in tenant/landlord issues
i would like to know how can I go about getting a landlord
actrually im not requsting to repair anymore. i only want to moveout before landlord evict me.
They have been harrassing me since the landlord gave them their notice.
Hi. I am a landlord looking for free legal representation.
as I feel the landlord has been failing to provide me with a habitable space to live in
How can I start the process to take the landlord to court
My previous landlord his son is the one forcing is father to sue
do i have any assistance from the state or city in allowing my landlord to let me out??
The landlord does not want any new installment or changes
But can you help me find a referral that can assist landlords in matters of the nature I described?
this seems so unfair and just a landlord trying to take advantage of students
I think my landlord is trying to get me to leave
is there anyone who can help me if i can't get the landlord to fix it?
Hi how are you I have repairs been not fixed and landlord don't fix I also have open 311 case
once again - i want to know if the landlord is responsible to purchase and install them.
Hi Ann. Do you know if landlords can do annual inspections during covid? I can't find an answer to that.
Hello and good evening, I would like to speak with someone regarding an issue I am currently having with my landlord
The landlord called me yesterday to find out more about the current situation.
I am a landlord I dpmt thingk is free legal services i need
I feel at this moment, I am being harassed based on the precarious situation of the landlord
Yes. Would you happen to know who I could contact to ask for advice on a specific situation with a landlord?
I was wondering if it's legal for my landlord to prevent me from having visitors
My landlord is having utilities shut off today illegally
The story sounds insane but its 100 true deading since march after inreported them to police and landlord
a memo from the landlord states the project will be 8-10 weeks
Hi I am trying to get help with legal problems against my landlord such as illegal eviction,discrimination,Harrassment,Section 8 fraud etc
Is it a conflict if your lawyer knows the landlord that is evicting you
Yes, but it ends in Oct of this year-I did not get a new one for Oct of 2019 new landlord
Is there a number I can call to speak to someone regarding my landlord
Ok so I need help with the eviction I am dealing with my landlords new we were a low income family when we moved in
just wanted some advice on some problems that have been happening with my landlord in a private house
I heard my landlord say that he needs the apt for his niece
It's not  my new landlord it's my old landlord I've already been evicted
Landlord refuses to make repakrs in apartmemt
CARES ACT and free legal aid about if my landlord can do this abuse
I received a 10 Day Notice To Quit. Can my landlord throw my things out?
Landlord  demanding to inspect w/o much notice.
Are there any landlord assistance helplines I can call in regards to this matter?
