doesn't the state provide free legal aid?
Is there such a thing as free legal aid in Schenectady County
so I need some who can talk to them for me and assist me with my order of protection
What legal assistance through Legal Aid to help protect myself?
I need to make a simple Will & possibly healthcare advocate if I get sick. I'm 65 on Soc Serv. Can u help?
i called the legal aid this morning and i was told i dont qualify
I just needed the best course  of action  to take or if someone can help me find  some type of free legal assistance  in alabama
I'm currently a home health aide, but work is scarce right now.
I need a referral for the NJ legal aid society
No worries!  Do you know the income qualifications for free aid?
need help contacting my appointed legal aid
There are no law clinics at BU or other agencies to assist?
I tried calling Buffalo legal Aid but I got no response
the number they gave me about legal aid society is 7182862000 I was not able to leave the message
I was referred by Manhattan Legal Services to Legal Aid Society re: Misdemeanor Record.
So private housing is not covered under the cares act?
I need help finding free legal aid
I know this is a resource for people needing legal assistance, but it have not found another way to get this assistance.
ok, legal aid of ontario county referred me to you because you could help
I also need information on legal aid
I dont think so. I contacted the hotline myself about an hour ago and they directed me to some shelters and legal aid
I'm having trouble looking for legal assistances.
so last question I guess are you aware of any legal aid type group that might help with attorney misconduct?
they don't let get an ambulance to take me to the hospital and they refuse to transfer
Sure that could be very helpful if you can provide me with free legal assistance
I was referred to you by Janet at the pool victims services
I just discharged the volunteer lawyer from safe center
Tomorrow I am having major back surgery in mercey good west senneca. I have waited 7 months for this
I would like a referral to legal assistance and attorneys that may be able to help me with adoption?
Im looking for legal aid for people oder then 64
are you still there?  can you direct me to legal aid or a public defender
I need to keep it at 194.00 and need my medical
Hi I am looking for information on income limits for legal aid
And at one point I was receiving public assistance
So what do I have to do to activate the referal? I'm interested in the legal aid one spacifically
Ok is there any free legal assistance in Ontario that can further assist me that you know of? I’m currently Unemployed.
Disabled famy denied shelter benifits due disabilitirs
Or if you can direct me to somebody who can help me with that I would be grateful
I was given the name of some organizations such as NY legal Assistance
Local legal aid won't help me because they took me for a landlord. Thank you
I wanted to know how to find legal assistance for public housing
I need to get a free legal aid for court court service I have on the 2nd of December
Yes by all means...I need legal aid but I am unemployed...
i have called services but it appears i would not be entitled to free legal aide
Thank you.  Do you have a list of free legal aid help for Onondaga County, NY?
Are there legal aid resources and free legal assistance for this
I'm looking for legal aid that can help with a criminal case
Does legal aid helps only low income pp?
And I would like to know how can I receive free legal help
Legal aid has None I have spoken to them  MANY  times
Yes. I do not have money to pay. Is this Legal Aid?
I need help finding a free legal aid to assist me
I don't wish the Legal Aid Society number
I have left a message with my local legal aid place. Thank you for your help
I cant get legal aid because of conflict of interest
The legal aid society says it's for indigent criminal cases. Does this apply to me?
This is the 1st time I'm seekin for legal aid for Department of Education so I don't know how good about it.
i am employed as a nurse. office is small business
Who should restitution payments be made payable to at the Legal Aid Bureau in Buffalo, NY?
can you refer a free injury attorney from lawhelpny?
I’m a non-custodial parent. What level my income needs to be below to get a legal aid
Thank you very much I will try these places for legal assistance thank you
Here are some referrals to legal aid groups in your county that currently offer remote services:
Not sure. It was local, Mid NY Legal Aid.
thank you so much. It seems we have no legal recourse.
Its a case for home health aide service i dont have 35 dollars
I may need pro bono or legal aid services
I am looking for an attorney that helps with protected leave and salary requirements
I just wanna make sure I got legal aid inf .
Thank you for Legal Aid Society information
At 60 years old can I have a bank account when applying for public assistance and what is average amount
Are you able to give me some leads for legal assistance
I am a retired man 78 years old with impaired vision, will this qualified me for free assistance?
I went thru legal aid. I can give them a call
Would like to speak to a legal aide rep sometime.
Is there free legal service for injury elder ?
can u plz provide me any number whr i can reach for free legal advice?
I have left several jobs with health benefits and have never had anything like this be presented to me
Where can I find legal aid (pro bono, low cost, or contingency) for 2 different issues:
Example is not having to take public Assistance and charging first last and security
Ok thank you very much should I do the legal aid society first?
We have 2 court dates, and a hearing oct 28. And has been advised to seek  legal  counsel  , she is low income
I have even called Hiscock legal aid, they do not do Medal Malpractice, or personal injury cases
Where can i find free legal aid to help with my case?
Is there legal aid council in dutchess county
She has been on shelter,  I dont know if she was receiving any other type of public assistance unfortunately
Hello I'm looking for legal service to assist me with getting benefit
Legal Aid Society of NENY has a conflict of interest
Is there a list of legal aid services in Erie County?
Is the attorney fee covered if it was a personal injury?
I need free legal assistance is this free
I have an hearing with NY State department of health for my son.
yes, I would. our local legal aid referred me to here as I am i senior and it involves hud housing
I do need free legal aid. thank you.
The legal aid service is in her county, not mine.
Ok I will look into them by any chance do you have the phone number to legal aid in Syracuse NY?
yes pls.....is legal aid free?
instacart is grocery shopping and delivery service
I am looking for legal aid, I have no money  basically
I have some medical issues so hard to travel some days l
I am currently in school @ the moment & am receiving snap assistance
and what should I expect ? Is there any free or affordable legal aid that can assistant me and come with me .
Yes. Is there legal assistance for permanently disabled workers?
I don't qualify for free legal services
am looking for legal firm to start class action on Microsoft Corporation
unfortunately I do not qualify for low income assistance
Am I eligible for any unemployment or medical leave or anything like that??
I receive disability from the veterans affairs does that count as income to be counted to decide if I qualify for assistance or not
A place of public accommodation. A dentist office. We are being denied service.
ok. kindly be aware that I am deaf and would appreciate if I show up to meet one of legal aids if possible??
You can call the Legal Project at (518) 435-1770 and you can call the Legal Aid Society at (518) 462-6765
My son had his face cut and required 34 stitches at a prison
Hi I was reffer to legal aid society
Legal aide referred us to this website for assistance
Can you assist me with finding free legal service to fix this
The other two links do not have referalls for reduced fee lawyers, only putnam legal aid comes up
According to the court they don't supply legal aids
i have communicated this concern with professionals and they have advised me to obtain legal assistance.
Do we seek legal aid in New York or in California?
I think I need a referral to a legal agency
To ask my Assigned Counsel for a referral because they didn't feel comfortable giving advice about a case in an unfamiliar county
I know the legal aid office. Do you know whether they do or would you have to refere me to them
Legal Aid in my area does not deal with criminal matters. They referred me here.
I also need the attorney referrals the free attorney referrals I am not financially able to afford the low-cost services
Could not post a bond and I have received all Poor Person Waivers
I’m looking for legal help to assist me in the court
Yes please I called legal aid  but I'm over income
is there anyway u can get me information for a Leagl aid
No he doesn’t , we were hoping to see if he can be paired with legal aide for veterans
I think I am being targeted by shelter staff.  This incident proves it.  I'm constantly given
I have tried  calling legal aid but no one answers
Since she is unemployed and has been since 2012, sounds like there should be free legal assistance somewhere.
May I have their contact info? So far, all I have is local (civil) legal aid, and the assigned counsel office that already denied me
Do you have address to free legal lower clinic.
Habitate for Humanity is fine, And HUD assistance grants or funding will be fine as well
I am over income to get help from legal aid
Can I sue a mental health outpatient clinic for physical injury?
Yes but I tried legal aid and they say they don't deal with civil cases
OK I'll try it. Thanks. But there isno number for the legal department?
