Our calculation of income is already at the maximum allowed.
Thank you but if im unemployed do I not qualify for any help
and he just currently ran away from the group home
He meets the criteria for emancipation as he permanently left 8 months ago
From what I understand, he would like to move his account from one bank to another however something is preventing him from doing so.
I was fired from my job do to a private message on Facebook with a sibiling
I know we would qualify as we are constituted as low income are you going to get in your house
I meet the income requirement for a free attorney
I was unemployed since Jan 16 2020
Okay, thank you. I've been unemployed since last Nov., so presumably I
Hi I need to file for divorce and request alimony my income is very limited
I understand that COVID 19 makes it tougher on everyone but they been collecting the extra $600 unemployment and did not help me with nothing
Yes, please. Will they go based on his income or his income will not matter?
Hi, I applied for assistance with NYS after I was unable to attend Court and my business stopped producing income in Mid-March.
What is the income threshold to qualify for a free attorney?
I am looking for a low cost lawyer but am afraid I will not qualify due to my income
i got bank levy from debt collection agency a fews months ago
I need a NYS form for “ income exempt claim form
Need assistance for bankruptcy. I'm low income.
my question is if i am unemployed between june 20 and august 20 will i not be eligible because I no longer an unemployed
Thank you representing my self no money I appreciate all the help
Please do, we are low income, but we are honest hard working people. any resource that you have is better than what I have now
This unfortunately has been an exercise in confirming my suspicions Of wasted time and no productivity
Hi Elianny. How do i go about filing to reduce spousal maintainance due to a 15% income reduction
is it possible to request the funds owed to me from the date of the dismissal of the temporary modification (may2018) - current.
I am on a fixed income and was told to leave after I 0ut over $6,000 into both places
My income has stopped because of virus. Office closed
I’ll will need legal representation despite my income and
I now how to handle my own money now how to shop an save my own money
I have a full time job and my income is higher than him.
Now the letter says we don't qualify because of excess income.
Looking for an Income Execution form pursuant to CPLR 5241
The money own to me was from the LWA program since September and I can't seem to get help .
if I lose my assistance because I did not report adicional member and income of my family , could I reapply ?
i would like a low cost or based on income
I  received an income execution .we no longer live in that county or work at the job
Than, why they can ask for  an income which would make one ineligible for section 8? Thank you for your consideration.
It's not an objection, it's that i believe i have been over paid and would like the income execution to be stopped
I’m not getting paid now and do not qualify for unemployment while on disability / medical leave
For me to go see a house and get discreminated towards because of my income
I believe driving for Lyft is considered self employment
No, I just need my payments lowered since I no longer have income.
if I don’t qualify for the low income help will the form go to my local court and start the case?
Receiving pension earlier than divorce agreement.  Reason financial situation changed dramatically since divorce
the case is in new jersey we wanted to modify it but instead they sent an income withholding order
And add it to your income. This seems odd as the courts have done so already
I live on a limited income through social security
__ I have not expereinced financial hardship after march  7
I really have no income not even a penny from that business
yes I receive 25% of hi income was put in place about 7 or 8 yrs ago.
I believe and know that this debt was created on me without me having an income.
I’m a non-custodial parent. What level my income needs to be below to her a legal aid
I understand, but I scare that his income can be $0 because he can be unemployed
I am currently unemployed and income is nowhere near what I had
i am in the court for my employment case. I don't have legal representation
our income is only his social security and unemployment.very low
I spoke with the DMV about a charge on my insurance. I am looking for someone to help me with reducing points on my license.
Also, I've never received an increase based on income
also - she isnt reporting her full income to welfare
I need free assistance. I have limited income
I have the business under my name but shes been running it since it opened and getting 100percent of income
I know we would qualify as we are constituted as low income
gross income feom march 2020
Does the CARES act PUA allow me to continue to collect NY State Unemployment as a result of not making a profit.
What document improve with the non-custodial parent need to file emancipation
What can he do  to get current bank to release the money.
I was told that because I have a low income I can get help
I don't think I am considered low income
I am working for City so its getting deducted from my pay check.
i can use that money now rather than have my children get it once I am gone
im currently unemployed and applying for disability. I have not income
Hi Janelle,  I have applied for Medicaid for my mom and I am trying to use bills from 2017 to go towards her surplus income.
motion is granted for the surplus funds release.
currently im unemployed due to the pandemic
also I have a retirement I have to get from the divorce how do I get the money I’m untitled too
She has ignored my messages to her on returning my belonging from her storage provided to her by her insurance company.
Yes. I am low income right now.  I haven’t been able to return to work.
sorry i thought you left. i think my income is over the limit. is there anyone else that can help me?
I am currently applying for and fighting for a disability claim. Otherwise i am currently unexplored. And have no income.
I am looking for legal assistance with a wrongful termination case and unemployment
So it’s okay for me to use these forms even if not low income?
I didn't report my income to the office because they said i was temporary.  Can they kick me out or take me to court
Is me working for Lyft acceptable?  It is a job and it is a source of income
Financial damage to the point I can't afford representation with out contingency.
do I need to file anything or does the child support stop automatically and is my employment notified? thank you
which isn’t my main source of income so getting help is hard.
they are not under an llc. i do not claim the 20% pass through. they are under my name as passive income.
Also, what if he trick to reduce his income when I file now.
Even though he makes a decent living, divorce has drained him...
My wife stopped breathing a face turn bluish in this lady's at at work standing Miss Mela refused to give her the narcan kit
Thank you do you know if being low income will affect my chances?
From what I understand SS retirement income is exempt from collection, but it was
like i said, I’ve been sick a lot, I have no financial resourcea
Reduction in payment and transfer of payment from the job I am retiring to the job I will still be working
I don’t want the dad to know where am getting my income from
on the form what do i put when i want someone to take care of my finances and everything for me
I am low income I am not working right now and I only get $128 a week unemployment
Yes. Note I have no income due my inability to provide. The transcript on job interviews
ive been unemployed since April 17th of this year
I am very much at a loss in this department - not my area of expertise
I think the covi's relieve  is money from the government and the company does not have to take out that money from my salary.
I need to know if there is an abandonment law in NY State
Hello, I need advice on a case.  Credit card, sued and I filed Order To show cause against Income Garnishment order.
Is a small business with 10 people required to reinstate the jobs of the people they’ve laid off due to covid ?
i am on limited income so I need if possible Pro-bono
If they have income guidelines and you are over them can you pay on a sliding scale
I want him to leave because he has problems with alcohol and we are not married
I do not know how to get alimony I was married over 30 yrs
Yes , my income it’s under $23000 at year
Unemployment, question 1...can 1099G be used as proof of addition income for a quarter?
i need to find attorny to help with my home buying process for low income families that im having issues with
Is there a way to get a sliding scale or court appointed lawyer based on income bc I am a disabled veteran
He just stopped working in march he is self employed
i would like know my rights for emancipation.
Hi I need help filling out a Answer sheet to respond to summons for credit card debt
now I believe he has income and I wanted him to pay me more, he refused
and they said i cannot get my money back but to send her attorney my income information
Ok yea that one looks like we dont qualify based on income
I’m low income I’m sure I will need legal aid assistance
I am 68 years old ccx an live in 17i0 a month but have so much debt that I cannot breathe.
the school district budget has an excess o 2 million dollars per year
Ive never done anything illegal in my life until recently that involved $200 from my employment
hi my assets was fronzon due to none payment but i was out of work
Today is now the 3rd, and he still has not deposited the alimony. That is my ONLY source of income.
I have another order for my 3rd child, will they add that income into my income?
When he is short on employment, he uses her money, for all his expenses
Can I be denied employment if I'm still on parole?
My company is offering temporary leave of absence 30 . 60. 90 days
i am low income and I need help in court
I need to file a petition for withdrawal of funds from my daughter's restricted account
and i can i collect unemployment as i prefer to refrain from leaving my home
We are looking to find out what can be done to best utilize the CARES act for our household income
i dont think i qualify as low income no
I don't see how they can help me since I don't meet income guidelines
ex husband wants to lower his alimony payment to me
due to covid19 i dont recieve  the same income my obligated amount is way to high  i can not support my self with my income
I need help with a paid leave from work
I have a question about being currently employed and immunocompromised do I have the right to get paid leave from work due to the pandemic?
