how/who do I petition for this? It's sort of an Order of Filiation but both men are deceased
Thanks.  Do you have the diy link for immediate petitioning
he said he did not receive the summons to appear, but he was the one who filed the petition
they are closed for in person petitions due to covid
How many days do I have to go ahead to make an appeal before it is too late?
Can the court dismiss if petitioner no longer resides in NY?
okay, and you don't know why they are unable to accept my petition
I have a court date in November and have been served with a petition.
Im having trouble with filing this petition is there a way to email it instead of handing it in notarized etc>
So I would need 3 copies of the objection and 1 copy of the affidavit of service?
where do I electronically send my modified support court petition?
I was trying to look for the email address of where I can send the petition
How can I put a petition for i loss my job so I can lower my paments
Can you refer me to the legal aid to assist me in filing a petition
im trying to locate the Modification Petition to change the payer name on the case.
I did a petition since the summer and never got a response
I can still mail the petition to the court right
i just would like to know how i can mail my visitation petition papers to?
How do I ask the court for more days to answer a petition due to being positive for Covid
Hi, I need to find a form to file a Petition to Revoke Limited Letters of Administration
My letter says I was found indicated and if I want to appeal i have to mail to Albany.
Okay. He did this and they sent the form back requesting my decree
I'm looking for help about a lawsuit that I'm facing and I have no idea what to do
I sent a dna petition in the mail on October 12 how long would it take.
I just want to know if we have to do an appeal because it’s in the supreme court
So the modification on the petition stated I no longer want her to leave to Puerto Rico
I need to download the petition as a pdf I don’t see it please I been at this for hours
Thanks . I have not send my appeal in as yet. Should i wait on an Attorney advice before sending it?
hello. im trying to find out how i can put in a petition for my daughter
I am interested in how I file an appeal to the opposing counsel's request for legal fees
so I guess the question is, "how to I pro-actively respond to a motion"
I can't find the format for a violation petition can you provide me a link to get there?
i asked about petition form number but you send me order protection form
Ok perfect, i wasnt sure if i was the respondent since he had petitioned to have it lifted in this case
I'm seeking a pdf of the PETITION FOR DOWNWARD MODIFICATION DUE TO A CHILD TURNING 21, ALTHOUGH THERE ARE ARREARS
i need to find the letter of about petition for modification  form
Hello I finished signing a petition I would like to know where do I send it?
if an order is been appeal and the appeal is pending a decision...can the lender set a sale date?
Ok. I will try. You don’t see anything about mail-in petitions?
thank you, what about deadlines on filing notice of appeal?
Is it better to use the online program to complete the Modification Petition?
It’s not a modification it’s the initial petition I can only find the form for modifications
are you able to walk me through how to submit a petition to the court during these times of covid?
as far as the petition, is sent general form 1, 17 and 22 along with a affidavit
Thank you please I don’t find nothing to help me . Start the petition , everything is closed
Only thing I was trying to do is get the form so I could file my petition
So you saying, generally speaking, a referee can force a litigant to proceed with his/her petition against his will?
Hi im trying to file a modification petition form but is there a video to walk me through it?
Yes. These are the circumstances. However, Sue had said the petition form was on the nycourts.gov  . But we are not seeing it.
Can you send me any information how I could get done modification petition in the courts
The part that says "Upon the petition of..." and below is then left blank, correct?
I'm having trouble finding the correct form to file a petition online to get my case started.
she only said go to nycourt.gov and follow modofication petition
It’s a violation. But not sure which petition to complete
I am on the process of filing a motion to enlarge time to perfect my
Thank you.  How long does an appeals process take in my case since my OTH discharge as over 15 years ago?
I am forgiving arrears and was told I need the modification petition form. How do I get that?
like track a status or view a copy of the motion or petition?
I’m trying to get a petition modified
Im having trouble navigating  this website, I need to file and petition but I do not see the links that was told to me.
I am hoping maybe you can hold my hand and walk me through filling out a petition for enforcing violation custody order
i just mailed petition week and a half ago no response from court
Where can I  find the form to petition for the 3 year review of the fathers salary for CS
I'd just like to print or download my petition but I am going in circles
How can I go about filling a petition for information? Do I need to contact the county in which it took place?
are the courts hearing these motions at this time due to the covid-19?
Thry were supposed to send in the request since 3 weeks ago
i am trying to find the like where i can file a petition online
well no I had printed UP THE 4-11 PETITION, BUT SAW THE DIY FORMS
they also sent me the order of dismissal from the original petition i sent.'
I filed an appeal. USCIS page says they recieved my appeal on February 25 2019
I would be able to place a petition online and wait back for a viral court date hearing
Hello there, I have a question regarding petition for name change
My business was sued by the ag and we lost and need to appeal
Ok so I’ll just go petition for a modification because there’s no way I can afford them up front
at Dec 2019 Strike Three LLC filed "Oder Granting Motion for Internet Service Providers to disclose indentifying information" against Doe Defendants in Orange County Miami
I was told I need to file a stop petition form ,how do I do so
I’m trying to email the petition form but I cannot find it
I want to file a petition to keep her here until both houses are negative so we don’t keep passing it
Thank you. I will be trying to file the petition myself as I do not have an attorney
I've already work with legal services of the Hudson Valley they refused to do an appeal
I have a few questions about the petition for administraton in kings county
His appeal is already in process for last 7 months
I emailed the petition and documents in PDF all together..
I'm trying to find the correct petition
i call the courts and they told me they are not accepting any petition, which is puzzling
Hello, thank you for your time I got a notification for a notice of petition against me in the house I'm living
And where can I get help with this petition so that I can assure myself that I'm doing it correctly to save me time.
In the envelop  I just put in this address and it will go to the petition court?
I wanted to ask a question before I file a petition
Is there anyway I can download the petition prints it out then bring it down town
I’m just trying to be clear. Okay so the petition submitted is enough?
I was able to file the petition before the courts closed but I wasn’t able to serve her.
Petitioner requires extra time to attempt to serve respondent
plus i am unsure what preparations i have to have if and when i send this petition form?
It's not letting me. It's keep sending me to the forms of someone that already has a petition in place
Yes, who can serve a petition to the respondent? Lastly when do they have to be served?
I filed a petition in January and we had an hearing in which she acknowledge service
Oh hey, found the notice of appeal form! https://www.nycourts.gov/forms/7jd/Notice%20of%20Appeal.pdf
I've been tryingto get modification petition and i can't find it.
I am trying to find out the status of a petition I filed in July 2020
I already have Filed.. I just need to send the petition form to the courts
Good morning my name is Harun Eberhart I live in smyrna de and I need a modification petition sent to me
Awesome thank you if I already sent my petition can I just send these in now if I don't have a case number yet
If I attend court without a petition how can I represent myself
I just trying to figure out how to send off the  paper  for a petition
i found a website that has all the different petition forms i can print out but i don't know which one i need
I am looking for templates to respond to a notice of non-payment petition
I had already gone to court and received the petition paper
yes - trying to get a copy of the most recent petition
i completed the application I just need to email them the petition
I see to enforce/modify an existing petition but I don’t see one to actually start one
I was told to send the petition form on here and I can’t find where to send it
yes, i sent in another petition yesterday, but they sent me the same generic message they always to
I would like to petition a change in the order that I pay
Can I file a petition and send it in and come back? I don't want it to seem like I've abandoned my child.
Hello i was wondering if you could help me find a legal aid for a hold over petition in suffolk
I’m trying to find out how to file a petition online I got letter stating website to go to but nothing working
we went through all the questions and discussed them but he is going to redraft the petition
I thought they were not allowing new petitions due Covid
Just looking for general info, but mistly regarding petitioning or green card/changing a person's status
I found a page with numerous forms with petitions, I don't see one specific called downward modification.  Should I choose the DIY forms?
which petitioner needs to furnish and both parties need to be present at that hearing
I have seen this forms. What if it is contested? and are there sample petitions to view?
I am petitioner in a state case that was removed to federal court.
If the appeal is withdrawn, how long can the appeal be filed again
I already checked that web site. No info on form #  I can only find modification of petition.
No for surrogate court petition 17A. Yes he's 50yrs old with brain damage.
Absolutely, I  want to go to court NOW and put this petition in....thank you for any and all services provided please
Also at sentencing, after a 18 year plea, the DA added another year on. Can that year be taken off
But it's true that Respondent can get a copy of the affidavit from the Record room. I'd like to prevent that.
I called them they gave me web site but nothing how to petition this shown
When serving notice of petition and petition. Which is served first , notice or petition
Okay thank you so much I really appreciate your help also would we have to go to court for the petition
I want to do a petition so my girlfriend can adopt my child
Hi I would like some information to appeal  U application I filed
