I have section 8 and live in nycha I'm trying to transfer my section 8 I need her to leave she refused to.
The mother text me this morning stating she is moving to Florida by end of December with my Son.
me and my wife got to agreement and would like to close the case
I am in Hawaii and this occurred in Carmel NY which was a closing in 1991.
my office is closed until at least until June 1st.
I’ve already purchased the house in Delaware and currently in the process of selling my house in NY.
i told her i cant move out at the last minute
ok, thank for your help and the link...you have a great day....closing out.
I'll close the chat if you don't have any more ideas or suggestions
Father did move to PA in 2018 with us.
the house is sold we are just waiting for a closing date probably in the next week or two
I NEED AN ATTORNEY FOR A MOVING TO ANTHER STATE CASE
Can they have the lights turned off. I have a place to move into in a few weeks
petition cuz i wanna close my case
But she has stated shes moving out and is in contact with vera house
Can I get any help from legal aid with fheps so they will help move out from this apartment
ive already moved out over a year ago
He  told me they will move if im not agree he will drop my kids to me without paperwork, he treatened me
This is awkward, how do I leave if I don't  want to close the page yet?
she wants to move to Fl and be with her family  and doesn't want to go to jail
I think he wants me to leave, but i don't have anywhere to go.
I had three children and one of them I was able to get him off by proving that he moved out
Yep, I should be fine for now, is there anything I should do to close this chat? Or can I just X out of it?
Hi Sami -- I added my note. Should I close the case at this point?
He would make plans for me to see her but cancels
unfortunately due to the pandemic family court is closed so I don't know what to do
so she got a notice from the dept. of buildings and she wants me to move out asap
yes please we recently moved into a house which he wants me out and to take my name off the deed
I just want him to move out and bring his belongings with him. He can even take the furniture I just want peace of mind
i have not found any pending issues; I need legal representation to help me close out any pending  legal items; how do i proceed
Due to covid19 all non-essential businesses are required to close their business
We used to live in Sunnyside so I took the kids and moved to Astoria this was at the begging of 2013
but i'm looking to move to New Jersey
Yes. She moved in with an aunt in NY. That’s why she is there for now
Yes it close enough thank you for your help. Good day!
But instead the agent and lawyer said I have to close or I will be losing all my money
Yes because my closing has been pushed due to COVID
Also if they have to stay home due to schools shutting down will they be covered until PFL
Ok np I have reason from case DV still or closing
I don't think she really wants to move him but at this point that may her only choice
Let me copy links, I guess i need to close chat first
Laura, I wanted more insight on this emansipation situation since I am currently 16 could  I just leave my home If I wanted
I could come back the 13 March just the same day they closed entrance to the us
i bury my mother and last two aunts try to close out there affairs? i 69 they have bank accounts but it's small
I would like help closing a case
i just need to contact someone an tell them to cancel the order.
I need to know if you need a title for a mobile home that is over 20 yrs old and want to sell it?
My son and I lived in NYC. We recently moved to Connecticut under a month ago with his fathers blessing - urgency actually.
Because she was agree in court to move March 1.
I have full custody of my son and I am going to move to Texas
I dont want to spend money on a banrupycy that I can use to move
trying to close on a house it got delayed
I wanted help to report this problem, if the house is elegant that they close it or pay a fine
I have been fraud and scammed wrongfully in to closing a house even after I asked to back out bc everything was done the wrong
I cant find the form on the website to close the case
I'll close this chat now.  I hope your day is pleasant.
if my child is grown and finished college do i have to go back to court to to close the case out
Even if they say I said I was moving? I said that because I thought I had to leave
Iv got a letter in the mail about moving my case into E-filing
she took a deposit and the last month and the first month when i moved n
my question is since the court is close currently how can i process to cancellation
I personally went down there on friday when it was closed and it states on the automated system its closed to in person petitons
i moved to a different address when we split and he really doesnt know my address because of this
thanks i hope works as i really don't want to leave.
you can select the leave chat box when you transfer
Would that be able to help me with moving her out of my apartment?
I need a real estate lawyer. I've been partitioned out of my house by the coowners.
it’s been bad since we moved in, we have recordings and obviously would not have moved in if we knew this before
Ok. Perfect. He moved out and let me have the apartment so there was no fight there.
i need help with a court case i have been proved to be unfit and want to clear my name
Ah I have seen this page before, but we didn't make an inspection before moving in, so it's hard to get evidence
So i have to go in person i cant close online
Where can i go to get some help to have them move out legally
I just need Help for moving the have the other half of the Money
Also closed our joint accounts and withdrew the money
how do we go about closing his bank account and tranferring what he has to her
and because of pandemic the attorneys are not closing cases so they are backed up
Yes. I voluntarily let him back into the apartment and gave him until the end of the month to move out
You have not been very helpful. I am simply just looking for a criminal Attorney that can help me the with sealing an old record
No that's ok just can't afford to move and need some info so he can't make me move
she moved out with the keys and left stuff in the apartment a month ago while changing her address
asked to be moved to my two bedroom apartment
he acts like my only option is to leave without her
Well yes. His land in pa. It’s going to close on feb 18th
i have the custody and the father can’t work now because of the Coronavirus and we decide close the case for now
I am wondering if my company closes down due to the virus can my employees file for PFL
Hi I am planning on moving and wanted to know the steps to take my daughter out of state
I am considering moving to California with her.  Is that within my rights?  He is obviously very against it.
Arrears in rent and possibly closing the apartment
And if I move how will I come to court if I move to Atlanta
I'm just going to try to save them now so don't close it out.
In June 2020  left her mother's house in California and moved to my home in NY
I don’t make enough to pay my current obligation due to my day job closing
I am 10 hours away from her so its not like she can just move home
Me n my Girl friend sign a partnership together now I need to close it
but he wanted to continue the sale even after the contract was voided
He moved out 8 months ago and is an active drug dealer refusing to get help.
There is ready no vacant apts available because ppl aren't moving due to the moratorium
Hi I’m trying to close my case
The place that I can move into won’t be ready until January 15th 2020
but it looks like my job won’t be there and she’s putting words in my mouth saying I resigned
I'm the parent receiving and want to close the case
Thank you goodbye don't close this for like ten seconds I wanna click that number
Decision was made to not move into the apartment. Would the deposit be refundable
I need help claiming money in bank accounts that were closed by the banks themselves
I went in person and most department,s were closed due to covid and my case will close jan
But after the virus I had called a week before and they told me they were going to close down the courts
i need to get out of the living situation and leave with my son
Me and the dad got swapped but I miss the court date for the baby to get swapped
How can I get let court know I’m moving out of state
looks like she move there with her family and took the kid with her
i need help to close my father bank account
I don't want to go to court, I'm going to move to another house.
It's OK I saved all the links and I'm gonna shut down this app maybe that would work
how can I file and what do I need to file to close a case in NYC.  I live in Virginia
the check says to be voided after 3 month
We have sent letters to the affect that we are closing our business and she has no intention of leaving.
I'm hoping you could help me with questions I have about filing for unemployment due to school closures related to COVID-19
My kids father have a case and I’m trying to close it
but since i moved in he started to show his intention to sleep with me
had a court date then everything closed down cause pandemic
Yes I'm sure I will need a lawyer he wont even leave the family home
he’s not offering anything for moving expenses and just said that we can leave without penalty
I also moved out of our apartment to stay away from him with my kids and his demanding me to give him my son
And I have tried to call their office. It seems like they close by 2 pm
I gave more than a month notice, requested the move-out checklist and scheduled a walk-through
I need to know where to find this so I know who purchases the house so I can help faciliate helping her move out
pua will continue in Ks. I know I probably have to change my address on NY dept of labor website where i file weekly
I have a visitation order in place and we moved to PA. Do i have to change the order in NY?
What should I do to close my case of my daughter over 21 years old
But he was to move out but he's scared she might get in trouble now that he want to move out
