It s regarding my former tenant moved out as of March 1, but still left some belongings in the apt
I have court tomorrow at 2:30 at 62 Civic Plaza in Poughkeepsie New York due to inhabitable living conditions caused by the landlord
I'm not homeless or behind in rent I'm looking for a apartment
He claimed he wanted to keep the apartment but never got back to landlord
Oh I'm a senior and rent stabilized apt have a feeling they'd like me to leave my appt as they give right to neighbor
hi I need help I'm getting put out my house
I bought my home in 2015. This past January the park was bought out , and we got a new owner.
I have a boyfriend I have asked to leave my home for the last 14 days.  He is refusing to leave.
Left voice mail and email I June I was just going to give him same rent
They said they would only let me in the apartment when a representative is there but I can't have access or sleep there
that i'm renting my apt to different people, which is not true
I am being illegally evicted from my mobile home and the park owner is denying me the ability to sell my home
Request for advocatcy for benegits and housing deniald ny
Yes He’s stating abandonment since I moved out
I was in trouble with my housing at that time and he asked me to live in his apt temporarily
I’m currently renting a room that I believe to be an illegal conversion
However they said they didn’t allow moveouts on a Saturday
Is true that they would not give me Housing and when I get there because I am new there
Other people are renting rooms here and they don't know that this is happening meanwhile this guy is taking money from everyone
Where do I sue my cousin from Hoboken new jersey who sold me my house here in New York
This person is not even on the lease, and  he keeps collecting the money for rent.
I just discovered the letter was not Notarized. He's just being a bully. Rent for rent & utilities
I need a lawyer to represent me in this matter I would like to sue the apartment complex I reside in
I haven't left the house since the virus
l asked her to apply for rent assistance during the pandemic she said she did not get through.
I had to leave my apartment because of attacks on my life because I have videos of my attacks
Landlord has been threatening to take my appliances because he has an offer on his house and cannot sell it with me here
I need to move out due to covid and I need legal advice for tenants
Just a question. Can you move out of state if you have custodial custody in NYC
I only owe him June rent also and I only move in Jan 1 and never got a lease or keys to this place
may I now ask you about the rent assistance and my issue with my housing management company
Hi, I'm having an issue with someone I am renting my room out
and my landlord told me there's some issue with my apartment
Can I be held accountable for allowing a friend to move in and they don't leave
I owned a pvt home and rents to tenants. How  do I get help collecting rent ?
I have a unlawful to occupy on my house due to no rental permit, do I have to move?
I don’t need a law yet but the place were am renting to be reinspected
I want to request for rent abaetment, I have not had gas in my apt since May 27th, gas is included in my rent
My apartment asks for it every some months & I jus left the place & the guy says do it online
I'm owe rent and about 2 get eviction
at first he complained about the rent and now he’s saying that he needs the apt for his niece
he’s going to be 18 in two weeks but the school and our apartment complex keeps telling us we need it
I feel it is unfair that she stays there for free while I pay rent and when we have 50/50 custody.
I just wanted to Inquire if I could kick out an occupant not on my lease but I'm leaseholder
I just want to know why are there so many outlets for housing Rights but no help is actually given
I moved to NY to live closer to family and reside in subsidized housing due tony income.
It was rent stabalized when I moved in at 1250.00 now in 2020 its 1975
i was told by the landlords wife that the reason was simply because they didn’t want to rent the apartment out anymore
Also I am unable to leave my home for disabled reasons
I am being evicted from my home. I owe 1 months rent past due. I need it in Spanish
my reason I qwite was becuse my job was cutting hours do to lack of work and thay were transferring me anh way
I have a lot of issues in my apartment and my landlord and section 8 isn’t helping
Good afternoon, I am 68 years old who is about to become homeless and I been denied housing by Essex Crossing, C&C Management and HPD.
I've been told through text that "because you don't have a lease, and the property is ours, you don't have any rights to stay here"
I’ve been subletting a room for 8 months
We are currently homeless due to my husbands abuse. I am without a job and just used the last of my money for the hotel.
And it’s causing us to being put out of our apartment
I work where I live meaning I have housing with my job i am being laid off and my housing is being taken away
yes a law office saying they are acting as a debt collector for sept oct rent? I thought it was odd to be honest
The police came and ask him to leave for the night but he came back and I have to leave my apartment
I am trying to get rent help check from the state due to covid and having trouble
I am a commercial tenant. I have not been able to utilize my office space due to COVID-19 NYC Pause and social distancing.
I spoke with them and they were like "well we can't force ourselves in to anyone's apartment!"
I would like to get my son out of my house so I can sell it what do i do
so they permanently put us to work from home
Well I'm trying to vacate my apartment but housing is not allowing me because I cant get my daughter to leave what can I do
I am doing a project regarding tenants who live in a NYS MItchell Lama Co-OP and each one has shares
I will surrender my apartment because of a roomate issue. She refused to leave.
I need to get someone out of my apartment. She's been staying there for a few months she's not on the lease.
He's attacking my property making it difficult to live here
I was asking about getting help with eviction from family living in my apartment that’s under my name
Yes Hello William my name is Oliver. I am currently renting a room with my wife in an apartment
And I’m afraid that this guy she is seeing is residing in my apartment
I took this to my Property manager but since she already put me on notice she couldnt reverse it
The landlord my apartment harassment me he want me move out
im renting a room been here a year and a half
He resides upstate but visits for business.  He wants us to leave but our house keep having renovation issues one after the next
Can they add me to an eviction to get my roommate out of the apartment when I no longer live in the apartment  and
he basically used his deposit as last month rent, after that he moved out
im facing eviction even though rent is not owed. Simply because they don’t want to rent the apartment anymore
There are illegal tenants living in her nycha apartment
Everytime I asked when she was leaving, she would say yes next week we bought a condo
Yes, and I've hinted at that with them but haven't withheld any rent as of yet
as I might moved to brooklyn later as my rent is too high for me
no. These people are ruining our home. We are millionaires. We're retired people just renting our house out. It
Right now he’s up to $3,500 arrears. He essentially made me homeless because he convinced my son to move out.
I'm being Abused and harrased by my landlord I live at a place called budget motel in the grand island area of Niagara falls
That was my understanding but owner says we defaulted 2 and half years ago and now we are renting but never informed me
the problem is, I'm not sure if i really own my property anymore
ouch ok thank you.  Is there a housing court in harlem ny
Hi Hunter I am Helen, I have had to move due to constant harrassment by the same local resident for many years
However, due to last minute change of plans, I had to withdraw from renting the room, so I asked for a refund
I am subletting a room in an apartment and I want to move out.
They were ordered to get me housing but froze my housing claiming I'm not complying but have proof that I am
The owners of the home i have an apartment in are harassing my wife and i to make us leave
But I do not feel comfortable "helping him" move my belongings when he's the one who put it all in 12 trashbags!
Ok.. court is stopping eviction, and I am doing a holdover case. I want to know how can I ask for the back rent...
I don't want to move i've been living here for 6-7 years roughly.
A friend of mine has had trouble with someone he was suppose to be renting a room out of his home to.
I don’t want to say the wrong thing or jeopardize my housing
I live in a Room Rental situation , Because of the corona virus shutdown as a hairdresser I'm without a job until further notice.
I am subletting a furnished spare room in the apartment (allowed by the landlord)
at the end of the renovation he said that he would need to sell the space due to hardship
My old landlord is suing me for unpaid rent but I left months ago because of living conditions.
i haven’t been able to have rent the last 4 months
I am paying rent for an apartment I’m not living in, my room mates are not allowing me to leave
anything. I’m living with friends because I left my parents home because of being hit. They pretty much kicked me out.
That's right, I haven't moved it, it's a bit complicated
I moved into this apartment in mid March 2020
Hello I have some tenants that haven’t been paying rent since March month they rent is $2000 a month
he refuses to leave.  He gets intoxicated and will not leave my home.
I AM AN ELDERLY TENANT WHO WAS TOLD BY MY LANDLORD THAT I HAVE TO VACATE MY APARTMENT BECAUSE LANDLORD WANTS TO SELL THE HOUSE
I am in the Mist of moving and I need Help with half of the rent to move in I have the other half.
The apartment was cheaply renovated in between the previous tenant and myself, and there is nothing filed on DoB
I'm looking housing immediately due to being a college student without housing.
Here's my issue. I live in a NYC apartment I was told was rent stabilized when I moved in a year ago
im looking for whether or not it's within my legal rights to withold rent while the apt is uninhabitable
I want to sue the building I'm living in
Have asked the manaager to sell share s back to building or to petson that is renting my place.
Thank you. And by doing business he means she is renting the property so that’s doing business.
she is ok for now. But she needs an apartment as soon as possible. The owner wants her out of the apartment soon.
I am upset that my home has been invaded without my permission with a dozen people moving through it without anyone there.
since I was still moving stuff out of apartment I agreed to pay April and may
I have been here a while and have utilities included but only my apartment is this way. Other tenants get Con Ed bills
She doesn't want to leave my apartment. How can I get her out legally?
my tenant has a lease through 6/30. he has told me he won't pay what he owes and that he's moved to albany.
I would like to know if i can move out of my parents house at 16 without being forced to come home
Since they moved in last year they been one month behind in rent
due to me having mental health issues in past I’ve feel I’m being discriminated by housing
I have been paying rent to the owner of the building I am living at through subletting. I just received a notice to quit.
