can you send me information about where I’d find the records?
I have court papers that I would like too send too the courts but it's giving me the run around
Cant open the 2nd one can you send again please
I can never get into hospital with that 1st number u sent
Ok thank you for your help I will look over everything you sent me
Oh great.  Yeah I call everyday but never get through.  I will try these other resources. Thank you!
are there any people who can look over the forms befor I send them out?
Should he sent a bill to us to explain about the money he took away?
no, the list you just sent, I had already seen/found on lawhelpny.org
thank you I will try later and also with the information you send me thank you
and yet they keep sending me Stuff to have me pay
and is giving me the options of email  the form, where do i send it.
And now he is brought back to buffalo again and they might send him back soon
would they be willing to give me the forms to look over or it doesnt work like that?
Because after a certain amount of time my documents will be sent back
Hi Lillian, I sent my question earlier but got disconnected
well a survey came on and I lost all the information you sent me
Yes please bare with me while i type the next message.
IT would helpful if you send more infor about our rights for providing interperting for doctor appointemnt.
also that I have sent my daughter a total of 800 plus dollars, will they credit that
no that should be it. If anything i could write again or call the number you sent
So I have to file it out and send it the website?? The law one
i think i sent alreaddy, but didnt receive yet
OK I don't know that other message didn't go through
that if i send it somewhere it wont get processed or will be wrong place
no thank you i will look at the info you  sent have a good day and stay safe
I call number you send don't help me
I sent my first enail on Nov. 8th.
Thank you so much this is very helpful. I appreciate everything you have sent
Ok ty I just emailed the other place u sent me
Should she print off messages he has sent to her..to have on file for future use if need be?
i will look at what you sent and come back if I need more assistance.  thanks again.
Sadly, I figured that you organization wouldn't be able to help. I've been sent in circles regarding this matter from numerous agencies
I left a message for them. Thank you. Are there any other places near me I can try?
I have no printer unless you can send me the form or if I could do that on line
I am sending that even that the mother does not want to receive them because she says it is little
It doesn’t say who it’s from but it was sent to me Mark Ferguson
I received the form UIFSA-12 form yesterday. Where do I send it?
no, I will contact the second set of resources you sent and hope to find some help
I’m thinking form 4-11 but want to make sure I have the right one. Thank you.
Hi, I wanna ask if I wanna volunteer as a live operator, who I can reach to for the application?
thats what i needed to know cause they told me what i needed to do but not where to send it
they do send us 1099 for our two month deposit though I just can't locate but the they know they have it
This page. And then you would type out two of the referrals and then send it to me.
But he refuses to send me proof that he filed anything with the AD.
You could send me a million dollars to solve all my problems, lol.
Yes.  Perfect - Thank you!  I will download this chat and send it to my Nephew.
Yes but can it be directly sent to her cause she will not pick it up from me
I can use this type of form to send via online ?
I was chatting with Paisley...anyway you can have her return my request or can you see what I sent her?
(Because ConEd allows you to send them a photo of the meter if you're unable to be home when the meter reader comes)
I have docusign app do u have that so I could send it on there
Yes but when I click on it I sends me back to this page
I think the link you sent is about job related sexual harassment
did you not read the messages i sent to the previous operator?
I love the fact that you explained everything you were sending!
Sent, thanks again, I sincerely appreciate your kind assitance.
The modification form I sent previously had very general questions and was not specific.
I’m going to read over everything you have sent me right now thank you again
Okay, if its alright I copied this message and ill look into these
No, the system was sensitive and must have sent that through before I could hit the “back” button
(remember, I said not to send that entire list)
Please send information and Thank you for your help
Ok thank you do you know what forms I may need to bring ?
You had a little difficulties figuring out the best resource to send at first
Yes, exactly, it sends me back to this page
No, not for now. But thank you very much. I will check out that website you sent me now
im sorry the page said it was not found- the last one you just sent me
Thanks give me a min b 4 u end this session so.i can.get the resources u sent
sorry for the overwhelming questions I just want to be sure before i send this in.
and I will read everything you sent me to research for myself. Of course I will.
Thank you I found it. II still use the same Edds or am I sending this form somewhere else
Thank you so much I’m going to look into the information you sent me now. Thanks for being so helpful
They took my phone  and  sent it to another agency to go through it
Thanks I sent it to myself can you hold so I can make sure I got it
no, thank you for the info that you did send. I'm a bit closer to an answer than before.
I tried them today and left a message. I'll try again tomorrow.
Okay - please read through what I'm sending you it's lengthy but it will help you get the gist of what I need.
I called and left a message and no one got back to me
I just sent him the information thank you so very much for taking the time to help us
I tried them they sent me here said couldn’t help me because I’m not 60
I got here through their website, but the page you sent looks like a good resource!
Hello I am trying to send off the forms from the do it yourself website
How to send the information and what information it is that I need to send
Okay I will look at everything you sent me! Thank you Amy
it seems to be something that the landlord is obligated to send.
The first website that you sent says error
I wish but I guess I will see the information you sent me will help. Thank you for your help
so the one that you sent that deals with name changes
Yes because shes very troubled & I flew there to get her. Ok will do, thx so much
While on my end I tried EVERYTHING to send him the money back through Venmo
That is what this notice is but I've got proof that their amount is off by 2,000 dollars from a notice they sent me last.
It's an international company as well, so it was sent to every branch
oh okay just read what you wrote. I guess we will just ask for legal representation once we get there
it wont let me click on them sends me right back here
I have booked marked every page you sent me
I'm done. I'm just writing the info you sent me. Have a great week
Ok. That www law help.  U sent do I write that all in?
thank you.  I have to run into a meeting now.  I sent my daughter the info
once I send the completed forms how long until a hearing?
I clicked the website you provided and it sent me back to this site.
She has a habit of sending the cops to my house so I’m ready for that too
We try to send at least two referrals like this^
I uploaded documents and went through...I thought I was saving but believe it was sent. I do not want this to go forward.
That's fine take your time anything that you can do or send to me that would help my situation I would greatly appreciate it
it was in a message he sent me but nothing directly from lawyer
That looks like it may work but do you mind also sending some other names as well just in case?
First he wanted their passport and I refused to send it to him, now he's saying I should come and get them.
ok thank you so much im going to look back at the information you sent me to know who to call
Yes I actually saved it I’m going to try to download it today and send it out
Hi David you didn’t send me the numbers
I am asking for assistance regarding testingn space
We just got disconnected I did send off but I have wrote to you can you find that
it got approved right when they were sending us home with equipment to work from home
ok so I can put both on the same form? or use 2 separate forms?
It would be, you could've sent that as one referral
helo i am looking to send in my custody online
although the page you sent doesn't work
If you can send me more than 1 referral so I can shop around that would be great
Son mother wants me to send him to her n it difficult because of the health issues
Ok if i send them to her at the end in my notes to client?
Hello rose. You were going to send me some resources. Thank you.
Yes I clicked on them in this chat and it keeps sending me to this chat
How I can I do a mostly find form 4-11 to do it online and send it
I'm sorry can you send me that information again I lost it
Nothing is working can you just send me the form so I can download it
should I send my daughter to her mothers who is non custodial in this shut down
ok thank you i will try to get some help with what you sent me
I'm OK with what you have sent. Stay Safe!!!!
and the school won’t release anything either.
