Of course. My son has lived with me for the past 2 1/2 years and his mother lives in Texas.
I'm not in NYC I'm in Oneida county
criminal court.  old case from 20 years ago.  the attorney must be in kings county
That  was for New York City, I am in Upstate New York
should we start the legal process with an agency here....or in Jefferson county?
our case is in NYS but I live in atlanta GA
Guilford county that's in Greensboro North Carolina
Jessica what is the minimum Federal salary in the City of New York,example,Bronx,Manhattan,Queens,Brooklyn,Long Island and everything about Upstate New York?
Helen Horonzy, 280 Longstreet Ave. Bx. Ny 10465
i need help with a family court issue
Yes and then we moved to Erie county but Suffolk county still holds the case
of those organizations that you gave me earlier, do you happen to have one in Ontario County?
Would like to be clear at what age does child support stop?
Herkimer County. Descedant was from Little Falls, NY.
I actually did and they told me that records are kept at the county level only and to go there. \
ok.  So would the family court have a record of how that was done?
however service was online as I don’t live in Long Island
I’m in Pearl River in Rockland county NY
i see that the earliest time to get court help is in late july at queens family court
my ex wife lives in the Bronx ny
Support in tn. Can u still help
the case is in Nassau county family court
Are you aware if there is somewhere to find what attorneys are admitted in the Bronx Housing Court?
I live in Manhattan but other parent lives in the Bronx
The electric company is National Grid in Upstate NY (Oswego county). What other information do you need?
I live in Westchester County and work in the Bronx
Basically dose the petioner have to file for criminal court / family court at the same time?
Hi, How can I find it if the westchester white plains family court will be open next week?
Yes new York and chemung county
Supreme Court of the state of NY County of Queens
Thanks if you need the states I'm in NY and he is Florida
Yes family court in monroe county
Yes. She lives in the Bronx.  Father lives in Virginia
Child support arrears Livingston county court on 11 th
hi scott my nephew is scheduled for family court in montgomery county ny , any idea what time court starts
OK I live in ulster county New York
I have no idea what this is about I live in Suffolk county. There was no information
I dont live in New York anymore
217 centre st, New York , NY 10013
ok, you should let legal aid of rochester and ontario county know that
Hi Celine I'm in Suffolk County I need help with my asylum
I currently live in Boston, MA, but my parents who declare me as independents live in Cortland, New York in Cortland county
Is it possible to find free help in Suffolk County NY?
are suffolk county courts open to file violation of court order in custody?
Manhattan is in New York county isn't it?
i need to find a legal aid for family court purposes
I have a question regarding a family court issue in Wayne County NY
Is Ulster county Surrogate Court open for walk in
This matter is in Onondaga County, the child goes to Liverpool School District which is width in Onondaga County
i am looking for a petion viloation form for family court
Is Westchester county family court open?
I live in Nassau county, so I can’t use that, right?
Yes I live in Erie county NY
We lived in Brooklyn which I believe is in Kings County
i live in Elmira New York, however, my daughter lives in Rochester NY. The court order for child support is in Monroe county too
yes, 4th District Court Suffolk
Bronx ,New York unite state
would you be able to tell me if the bronx criminal court is hearing “pink ticket” cases?
I,m in   Schenectady  county   upstate ny
No, thank you. I'm going to look more into family court.
I’m in the United States, Bronx New York
It is for New York County Supreme Court
Family court is closed how do i get a court date?
Yes. Alberta morris nassau County ny
IS FAMILY COURT STILL HOLDING IN PERSON COURT HEARINGS?
I have a case in buffalo NY,  and I need to  find a dyi forms for modification of child support.
I can't find the family Court forms online.
1760 becker street Schenectady NY 12304
oh okay I live in Long Island City, Queens
I go to queens County court for my situation. But they live in Massachusetts
'I dont know if i am still able to go to family  court just to have papers filed
United States,  New York, N.Y.
WNY, Eire County ... Buffalo New York
My question is about the new salary 2020 im from rockland county ny we get the same salary
Ok help me find the family court in westchester
I live in Oswego county he lives in Onondaga county
I went to queens County Court but was turned away. Maybe cause the pandemic
Need information on free legal aid for family court
Would there be any lawyers that do like a Probono or a free evaluation or something here in Monroe County
5 counts of petit larceny in suffolk County. Theft of money from employer.
family court in central islip ny
how can that happen if she lives in South Carolina and I live in Georgia
I'm not 100% sure but all I know is its there or queens Elmhurst
I live in mahopac ny,but the case is in westchester ny
I currently live in Pennsylvania,  I was in queens county
54 Jonsthon st newburgh ny 12550
Melissa Saporito 393 Wagner St Lot 81 Waterloo NY 13165
I know person is living in the Bronx.  But I live in Brooklyn.
I don't need a lawyer, just information from the family court
This is a Jefferson county order, although I live in St. Lawrence.
That would be wonderful. We live in Florida and the case is in NY
The Father is in Duchess County. I am in Richmond county.
And I live in New York , Long Island
I live in Brooklyn ny coney island
Family court drills to a not in service number too
Thank you. I am in Holbrook, NY. Suffolk County.
Suffolk County he lives in Bay Shore NY.
Ok what forms do I need and where can I pick them up, I live in NYC
I like to know if the family courts are open yet?
50 Market St, Poughkeepsie, NY 1260
where can I get that info? erie county ny
I live in Ohio but the case is in Kings County
Biological mother and my stepfather in New York City
am I able to go to the family court building?
I am in Richmond county (Staten Island) NYC
I’m currently going to school in South Carolina. My child and his mother live in Nassau county
i don't know if the family court in the bronx
Are the criminal courts open at the moment in NY?
My address is 8716 117TH ST RICHMOND HILL NY 11418
from Nassau county family court in order to file, the court house’s are close
Anything suffolk County the city is 1.5 hours from me
I live in Salisbury North Carolina. My case is in Manhattan New York
Im looking for help from an attorney on a family court case
Thanks I really appreciate your help. Yes Kings county is good enough. Good night!!
ok well no one in nyc will want to come to albany for sure. I will try them ty
I read something about settling at family court first?!?
so sir my live in new york city you help my father
Also I live in orange county New York not New York City
Yes, child support through Suffolk County Supreme.
Yes, please. I would like to have the Kings County Family Court's number
Free legal consultation for family court
I’m from Delaware and they’re in New York. Will that still be ok
So, anyone in Albany County or Rensselaer County
no still live in new york city
Ok thank you. I have court appearance Nov 4th @10a.m in Monroe County child support court.
Ok thank you so I to file in Suffolk county?
question regarding the child support in Connecticut State
Ok I will by the way I live in Brooklyn Coney Island area
Can I fill it all out online I live in Florida an my child support is in New York?
I live in Virginia but my case is in orange county new York
Ok Thank You im in Erie county
Ok thank you does it matter if I live in Florida and he is in ny
That says legal services of the Hudson valley
That info doesn't help me the case is in suffolk county
Kings county court in Brooklyn new york
Is Family Court in NY claims court?
Suffolk County Family Court, Central Islip, New York
Yes maam, it is Stephens County Georgia
I live in CA,but the case in Delaware county
I am going through the Erie county family court in Buffalo New York
will they help me in jamestown ny Chautauqua county
I need an attorney in the bronx family court for representation, how can you help pls?
Do u want the town of albany ny schenectady
i live in Connecticut but he lives in new york
Free legal organizations and the Nassau/Suffolk legal services committee off main st? I think
correct, New York County, Manhattan
I'm in Montana . The child is in Chemung Co NY
Suffolk County Long Island New york
address 9228 170 th st jamaica,ny 11433
19 Arnold st Hicksville NY 11801
Ask the Nassau Suffolk kLaw Services
Well yes I need to find information from that specific county courthouse
Hello is bronx  family  court  open
Hi. If im living in montgomery county and my kids are with their father in kings county, where should a case be opened up?
I live in Newark NJ essex county but my daughter lives in the bronx
Where can I find a family court attorney in Yates county?
how to find out if i m being sued by creditors? In queens county court?
I'm not sure which county it is but I can look quick!
I'm located in Queens County (NYC).
Can I still use the form for Richmond county family court?
Yes I think family court Suffolk county Long Island NY
Need pro bono/ free for family court hearing
yes. Erie county, buffalo, ny
address is 3405 kings high way apt 5g brooklyn new york
The request for hearing is from Queens Family Court
the United States, New York, Bronx
To file papers in Family Court can I go to the Court or do I have to file online.
Yes in family court in 151-20 Jamaica Avenue ny
Is family court open so I can get this started
Linda Scarpello 92 Franklin street Port Jervis NY 12771
yes, we went to court before in Tompkins county, that is where they live, but i live in Niagara county
57-13 160th St, Fresh Meadows, NY 11365
Do you know if family court is reopened for live cases?
My name is Sharon Kelly my address is 1111 McBride st Farrockway ny 11691
i live in miami florida and would like to find representation for my child support case in queens new york
I'm not sure if the family courts are open to take new cases
east islip ny long island
NEW YOUK STATE KINGS COUNTY FAMILY COURT
how do i file a order to show cause form with family court????
Not sure but think it may have been monroe county family court
Yes but he won't tell me where they live all I know is the bronx
actually I live in the Bronx my child was born in Manhattan
Thanks, I will try the Onondaga County one. But I am not uninsured. I have Medicaid.
For child support in Seminole county Florida.
He lives in Staten Island and I live in Ohio
I’m in Richmond County New York
are Suffolk county courts open to file a violation of court order in custody case ?
Suffolk county long island new york
I have a court date, in Cayuga county for child support
ok thanks --where do i file for a civil action --whcih Kings County Court
is the location within the family court in queens?
we live in florida- he's in attica- which i believe is wyoming county NY
Nyack is a town in New York state
I have an appearance in family court tomorrow at 3:30. The courts are still open
Address 2012 Gleason Avenue, Bronx, NY 10472, Telephone: 646-667-9627
I appreciate your help. And yes I am in Chautauqua County
I would like to know the specifics for the Suffolk County Family Court as I had originally requested above, please.
can i go to family court and pick up paperwork and file it there?
Do I have to file my paper in Supreme Court or family court.
How long does it take for the New York Queens Family Court to get a date from the day you file your petition
does the lawyer have to be in dutchess county to take his case ?
My mother lives in Manhattan that's NYC
This the family court of the state of NY right
Great! Are there any other organizations that you have information related to family issues and court?
13 Van Rensselaer St lot 13 Seneca falls, NY 13148
Is this (212) 343-1122 for NY State or the City?
Donna M. Inman, 434 Imperial Way, Bayport, NY 11705
The proceedings will be held in Rensselaer County Family Court
Also the first website is there one for dutchess County
Is Schenectady family court in session today?
I live outside of NY but my office is in Manhattan
That's for people in NYC...I live in Upstate NY
My son currently lives in New York City in the Bronx
Willliamson NY, Wayne county area
Hi I live at long island NY
Oswego county, Central square ny
My child support is in Westchester county, but I now live in north Carolina
yes much appreciated, Bronx county ny
it was issued in New Jersey, Hudson County
Thanks! Family court, kongs County
I lived in the Bronx but the papers was file in Queens
Case would be in syracuse ny onadago county
Hello my name is Jacquella Walker i live in the Bronx.
I need to file custody and support with family court in riverhead. Can I go get paperwork.
I live in Brooklyn now but I have easy access to Manhattan and queens, even Jersey city
Im looking for a great lawyer for a family court case
I love in North Bellmore, NY  Nassau County
not in court at the moment. It would be Rensselaer county family court
need a video on how to file through the EDDS process, for family court Brooklyn, NY.
I don't live in New York so I'm trying to find a form online
31 Rivervale road Middletown ny 10940
civil court of the city of new york
I live in Syracuse ny Onondaga county
BROOME COUNTY, NY NEAR BINGHAMTON
Yes I live in Suffolk County,New York.
im seeking legal services in Bronx county
I live in Suffolk county, I'm moving to Nassau county in August
That is for Nassau county.  Does this pertain to Clinton County?
I need the proper information to Staten Island family court please
An the second number is for Rochester ny I’m in Albany County
my oldest son lives with me in GA and he is 16 years old
there are two family courts in the same county- how do I determine which one?
yes, Rochester is Monroe County. Plattburg is far away. Albany is 5 hours away and Syracuse is Onandaga County
I was convicted in Kings County Supreme Court  use to be 360 Adams Street. Brooklyn, Ny 11201
do you have a phone number for probono in kings county brooklyn
I wanted to know how can i get a lawyer in state island i live in Maryland for a child support case?
I have a trial coming up in family court because th
Yes I live in Yonkers, near Bronxville 10708. So Hartsdale or Scarsdale Is close
I wanted to know if the bronx family court was open?
im in monroe county the court case is livingston county
I have paternity summons to go tomorrow at 9am will family court still be open tomorrow
yes, the case is in Westchester county, but she is a resident of Ulster county, so we don't know who to call
I am living in North Carolina now, disabled and will have to come to NY for this. He had no will!
I want to know how i can go about getting a original support order that was filed in westchester county
Is the family court in goshen,ny open today?
I live in north Carolina but mother of children live NY.
an on lawyer told me I could file on my own through family court
The property is in  Kings county. I am in Nassau County
Family court is Rochester ny. Monroe County
Family court Staten Island (Richmond)
A supreme court of New York state county of Albany
yes Im told to file in family court
I live in Levittown, Nassau County, NY
Upstate New York near Glens Falls NY
I just wanted to know is the Bronx family court open
Im in Texas, the courtorder was in Jefferson Country
Unfortunately, I do not know. I believe it to be Kings county but may also be Manhattan county
they also serve Westchester County? Information is confusing between what falls under NYC and what is NYS
Yes thanks.  it is Queens County in New York State.
Hello, is the Orange County family court open?
mother no longer lives in NY she lives in NJ
Tiffany Drake 414 east Bloomfield St apt 1 Rome NY 13440
Thank you . I am looking for the laws pertaining to Erie County New York, Western new York.
I have a pending case in the eastern fed ct. ny
new york Bay Shore 1133 Brookdale Ave 11706
I live in Manhattan in New York City
Good evening, when can I file child support case in New York City
it is a New York State child support case
She says she works for "Bronx Civil Services"
I will like to know is family court open serving non essential cases
okay okay so the family court in the Bronx
are you able to tell me if family court in Manhattan is open
do i go to family court and get the paperwork?
I have to go to Town of Islip in suffolk county idk if it's a court or a town
i don't live in new york city
Does the Family Court of the State of New York have jurisdiction?
I'm not in NYC, I"m in Nassau County Long Island, oh ok the 2nd one then
83-15 Lefferts Blvd. Kew Gardens, NY 111415
Oh ok so even if I live in Suffolk they can help me? As I see they are in nyc
The order was made in Kings county, New York
My children live in Connecticut can i ow them and here ny
Home is located in kings county Brooklyn
I live in Saratoga county but the case is in Monroe county
This is not New York City it is WestChester County that my case is in
Can you get emaciated at 16 in New York state?
Yes please. Erie County Family Court.
One more thing...is the family court in nyc open as yet
Oh thats wrong. I live in Seneca County
I am interested in legal rights with regards to returning to work in Westchester County.
She lived in the Bronx NY and I live in Aurora , Colorado
I live in Albany but the case is in Suffolk Co NY
I went to the Queens county court house today and i found out that it temporally closed
I live in Otsego county are they not open up yet
It is! It is filed in Westchester County at The White Plains Family Court.
ok. I also see there’s a volunteer lawyer at kings county family court
Civil court of NY 111 center Street NY ny 10013
the child support case was done in NY,Bronx
Lyons family court wayne county
Family court isnt open yet...
hello. I have a court date scheduled for this week and my documents were misplaced. It is a child support case in kings county Brooklyn.
Is this New York City because I live In Suffolk county Long Island
my claim is in NY because my company is in NY and that’s where I live
will this number give me updated information in regards to the family court
Right but if you enter westchester three separate family courts come up
Brooklyn Kings County Family Court
Supreme Court county of New York
we live in Clifton park New York. Chloe lives with her mom most of the time I’m Schenectady NY.
I live in New York , Nassau County
My mother lives in westcher county does that matter?
new york, New York - Manhattan
my grandkids are in onieda county im in nc
manhattan and the bronx. I have a total of three grandchildren
wow I just realized I was in Fresno 17 years ago. I am in St Lawrence county
My property is located in the Bronx at 3247 Corsa Avenue Violation ID 9206784
Im located in Dutchess county, Ny
Hi, How can I find it if  the westchester white plains family court will be open next week?
Hello! I was looking for some assistance with filing in Family Court
I don’t think the Hudson Valley justice center has civil rights leaders. Can you confirm that they do?
Ok.thanks alot.iys about 2 or more hours away from me.im in Chautauqua county.
I’m in Steuben county in New York State
Albany County New York state
I'm not in NYC  I'm in long island nassau county
the address where he lived at is 140 east 250th street Bronx ny Paige garner
Will it be able to help me in my county? I don't live in that end of NY.
FYI, I reside in kings county and support order is in suffolk county
yes the child lives in new york
I am a New Jersey resident and have a 20-year son who attends Vassar College in Poughkeepsie, NY.
Yes.   When are family court judges up for re-election?
Staying in Otego NY born in Chenango County this past Sunday.
God can I go bout doing do I live in va
Yes, central Islip, Suffolk county
I live in the Bronx in case have one near me
Kings County Family Court Help Tel Number.
I live in Niagara County, and it is not one of the counties for eligibility
Monroe county. I have some legal questions about  the law
I live in New Jersey but the case is in the Bronx.
Are you able to tell me if family court is open
He just lives a few towns away. We are all within Monroe county
Thanks the kids where adopted  in the bronx and now I am living in PA and my mom live in seminole county in florida
looking for a family law paralegal to do some paperwork for custody
31497/2017E - Bronx County Supreme Court
I live in and will be attending court in Steuben County, is there anything closer?
New York King's County family court
Supreme Court of state of New York, country of Richmond
Yes and I’m in the Albany ny Troy area
That number is from the city so not sure they can help me in westchester county?
no, just  one page from Kings County Civil Court
Me and my son ;live in Brooklyn, NY . His father is in Philadelphia, PA
That’s just where I was born, I live in Suffolk county West Babylon
I need to file for child support, i reside in Suffolk county NY
Rochester New York Monroe County
Montgomery County is currently the court we go to
Oswego County Supreme court and the supreme court justice and the
hello my name is Carol,  suffolk county NY
It would be Erie county courts, buffalo
Yes, my son and I do. His father lives in TN.
Brooklyn King County New York
Supreme court of the state of NY, County of Westchester
I live in Connecticut the dad lives in Manhattan
I live in NJ and this is a case in Bronx, NY
Thank you. Also tickets in Suffolk county. Also non moving
Im located in Brooklyn Kings County
yes its in new york queens area
The issue is my case is in NJ but nor me or the mother lives in NJ
So I should start a case in the Bronx court? And who would I go to to start it?
can you please tell me if warren county family court, has a meditator thru the court?
yes he lives with her.  He's 11 years old.
It was Genesee County Department of Social Services
My father lives in Queens and the girlfriend lives in Brooklyn
30 Montrose Ave Brooklyn NY 11206
The court house is Rockland county family court in New York
Case is in family court Suffolk County
is manhattan called new york county?
New york city family court (Manhattan)
Are Westchester county family courts open?
I do not live in the state of ny but he did and i was trying to do it online
I need to know if Family Court is open
I live in Georgia - She lives in St. Lawrence County
I don't live in New York can you guide me what my right are to.
Oh ok i didnt know that. Ok and do i put attn family court?
I live in nj but shes in geneva ny
yes sure - I Live in Suffolk County NY
i live in Columbia county but my sister and the property in question is in dutchess county.
I work in the Bronx but my office covers new and nj
Miller Pace, NY (Suffolk County)
Hello, I have to go to the Family Court, Long Island on 19th next month
I need the phone number for the free legal help the nyc family court offers
is it ok that some papers say cortland county, some say tompkins county, and the affidavit says dutchess county?
a support order was started out of Pa and it was written in Dutchess County court ,where I live
I’m seeking consultation for family court matters
Can you please let me know if Queens county family court is open?
okay thanks i found the family one too
Family court is close! What to do! In week or so i could honwleea
Yes. But is that site for Kings County Supreme Court ?
The child is in Rensselaer county I’m in Schenectady county
Nassau County Family Court I think in Westbury
is child support in new york state 17% of gross income?
Im the child my father lives californa i live in ny
yes i do i live with my Biological mother and my stepfather in New York City
yes which court do i pick erie county  family court is not on here
Thank you . Mother is actually in another state and the child is here in New York living with friends
Are the courts of the Bronx accepting new split custody petitions
who can I call in New York to help me I’m in Suffolk county
I am currently looking for free family legal services.
and modified in Richmond County (Staten Island)
I don't know how to start a family court case
Sure. My house is located in Medford NY
Hi. Do you know when the family court will open to public?
Saint Lawrence county new york
The famaly  court  on  Nassau  county  its close?
We’re currently in a the state of New Jersey
It’s not my grandchild. I’m just helping a friend but she lives in Middletown ny. Not sure of the county
so would you give me any info about free lawyer in suffolk county
Thank you for your help and I will call the number in Suffolk county tomorrow
address is 61-36 163rd street fresh meadows ny 11365
the order was for Staten Island and we live in Arizona now
my son currently lives in New York City in the Bronx I reside in Manhattan
Is the criminal court in kew gardens open tomorrow?
Staten Island, Richmond County. Are there any pro Bono or low cost mediators and lawyers? Times are tough but my kids safety is first priority.
Kings county court family court
and also I live in the. Bronx and my daughter lives in Brooklyn
Legal Services of the Hudson Valley WILL NOT HELP ME
Yes. Am i able to go to family court to file? Or are they closed?
my UI benefits were linked to a suffolk county address but im currently living in NYC
Buffalo, New York (Erie County)
so I can't search family court by name ?
Good morning, I am a case manager at a family shelter located in Long Island City.
I live in Oswego county but close to Onondaga county
I am living in Long Island City in Queens County, NY
I reside in Genesee county but this all happened in Erie county 14127
Is this for cattaraugus county in New York State
Child lives in Brooklyn. I live in NJ.
I am in Tompkins county but my wife and child are in Oneida county
The arrearage order from the Family Court in Watertown.
but the house is in Nanuet Ny which is in Rockland sounty
Is family court in nyc open yet?
Yes, the Manhattan NY number may be a problem since I don't live in the 5 boroughs....I'm in Dutchess County.
Gabrielle joyner 594 Ontario St Buffalo NY 14207
no I am in NYS...So I would go to saratoga county court to do this?
Yes, I am in Queens NY,  but he is in Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Thank you very much....we live in Westchester NY. And this is a criminal matter ...
Carlos  Luzunaris 1630 174st bx NY 1
my address is 967 kelly st bx ny 10459
Westchester family court Yonkers ny
family court off the state off New York country of
Suffolk county New York state.
New York state. Washington county
Do they cover Saratoga County as well, despite being in Albany?
Is NYLAG operating in suffolk county or do you think they will have pro bono lawyers available for such matters ? Thank you for your help...
I would like to know when will the Supreme Court will open
i live in onondaga county ny and have no way to be there personally
I need help finding council for a family court case.
Thank you, I live in the bronx but I used to work in Manhattan in a hotel in Times Square
the queens county surrogate court suggested your offices might be able to help
my mom lives here in ny but my father is in florida i believe
thank you I will and do they have any in Westchester county that is where sh works
Need a lawyer that deals with suffolk County in that specific field
Just checking the status of manhattan family court
where can I find free legal services in the bronx ?
I live in Suffolk county long island
Yes. My daughter lives in Oneida county. However I live in Madison county.
Can i have the help number for bronx family court
mother filed in supreme today to bring the family court matter to supreme
Tonette Tearney. 144 Steuben street apt2 Syracuse ny 13208
55 east 190th street, Bronx, new York 10468
It is a holdover eviction, I found the form for Nassau county but I have not been able to find the suffolk county form
He lives in Amityville Ny I live in Philadelphia pa
she lives in Brooklyn with the baby. My son  lives in the Bronx
my name is lavaughn johnson and i reside in pennesylvania but have a active case in new york
Well I live in Brooklyn, but he did the Papers in the Bronx
Good afternoon I have a question regarding the courts accepting new petitions
Is child support in ny state 50/50?
It occurred in buffalo, ny which I believe is Erie county. We reside in steuben county
I live in New Jersey, but I work in New York
Yes I do, They live in upstate New York, I reside in Connecticut
Thank you and Manhattan, New York but the  case is in the Bronx Family court.
So, I'm a 17 year old living in NY, and want to get emancipated.
I'm in Georgia but my parents and grandmother were born in Onondaga County NY
hello; i am looking for some  help. I am a senior citizen in chenango county
I guess Suffolk cause that's where my aunt lives.  My father lives in Nassau county
sorry, I read country, I’m in Richmond county
1st dept New York county
I live in Suffolk and my daughter lives in Queens
I’m in another state but my case is in New York
The court date is for NJ family court
I would like to know when will the Supreme Court will open?
Family court in 330 jay street,Brooklyn,Ny 11201
Are courts open in Brooklyn for family court
Are there any other places on that list beside Nassau Suffolk law services?
Can I go to family court pro se and file the appropriate paperwork for adoption?
Yes. I’m in St. Lawrence county.
Is family court open also in Manhattan
Yes, all my cases are in Queens Family Court.
up in Onondaga County Court when she lived in SYracuse, NY
Will I be able to file in family court now or is it closed ?
I live in Orange county she lives in Albany I'm not sure which county that is
Ellen Lin - 89-04 113th Street, Richmond Hill, NY 11418
My childrens mother lives in Westchester county
He goes to comsewogue HS first then goes to Eastern Suffolk Bose in Oakdale afterwards
Do you support White Plains NY family court
I live in Georgia but my son and the mother lives in Onondaga County
I need to know when nyc family court open in queen jamaica...
Ina phone conference a suffolk County hearing examiner said I need to file a MOAP. What is that?
Hello I want to know how to start a child support case in NY, I live in another state and need help finding the father
Im looking for family court forms
Good morning, is Brooklyn family court open?
Suffolk county...the issue is I live in MD
Is this just for New York City? I do not live in the city.
is family court in white plains open
Bronx family court is what I'm looking for
I dont live in NY City.. I live in the State of ny..
Is the family court in goshen, ny open today?
I did. They told me to get in touch with Suffolk county court
I live in Madison County, but the home and the seller live in Monroe county
thank you, yes i live in kings county
Outside I live in Upstate NY- Troy(city)
Bronx ? My child's father is in Staten Island, NY
If we currently live in Suffolk County but I want to return to Queens County,  which County do I file
I live in dutchess county the father lives in Bronx.
Latter is at Southern District, NY (Civil).
Is Family Court at 330 Jay Street open? Are documents being distributed at the current time?
Yes but I live in Connecticut....my children live up there
Hi there, I work at a preventive program and am new to family courts
Thank you. I do not like in Nassau county. I live in queens county but my case is in massai
I had an hearing today queens family court
Is there a way I can find out if a queens county court case was rescheduled
I need to know if that’s even possible in New York State
Juan Cruz phone 305-336 6885, address 2343 Valentine Avenue Apt 4F, Bronx NY10458
ticonderoga town court ticonderoga ny
im not in buffalo though im in rochester ny
I live in Minneapolis but my case is in New York.
he wil be 13 this year and he live in Long Island with his mom and step dad
She works at 60 Bay Street in Staten Island
Kings county. Brooklyn New York
Yes, where can I find the number for bronx 's family Court.
I live in Monroe County and he currently lives in Livingston county.
The family court free lawyer search on the website.
also I had filed back in Feb in family court
I am in suffolk county will use isip, ok
I'm not sure if I hit the right link I'm in Westchester County but the case is in Suffolk County
I need free legal services for a Yates county family court case
I need help finding legal services to help me file for family court
Thank you. I live in the Bronx but the case is in Manhattan
Yes, Kings County Family Court
They r employed by the state of New York?
i would also need to file for that to family court? or which court?
New York, South Richmond hill
i live in Staten Island and I know it may be in Manhattan
county of kings state of new york
Are the family courts open to process this type of issue?
Buenas tardes mi nombre es aida luz Pulido Y vivo in6051 71st Street apt 1L Ridgewood NY 11385 quiero divorciarme
Great thank you. I’m located in Suffolk county
we live in staten island which is richmond county
Civil court of the city of New York
Miami-dade, in Florida, but issue centers in Onondaga county
hello, i live in rochester, ny (not in NYC)
ok but i dont live in the bronx i live upstate ny
Niagara County. Near Niagara Falls and Buffalo
3470 west second street apt a07 Watkins Glen ny 14891
Greene family court in Catskill, NY.
i live in south carolina but my case is in new york  .
not a housing court case. it's a case with queens county civil supreme court
Yes. But my client is open to going to Kings County, Bronx, Staten Island, or Queens County
it is a county government agency.  so that doesn't help.
(New York state board of examiners)
Good morning my name is terryann gordon..my address is 50 south high st. Mt vernon ny 10550
Is suffolk county currently processing child custody cases?
30-02 39th avenue, a329,long island city, ny 11101
Yes suffer county criminal court in Islip
18 myrtle street, Leroy NY 14482
Is there a way to see when my court date is online for family court
are there any specific organizations that help with family that involves special needs children?
the case is in Nassau County. However, I live in Queens, NY
Its a child support case in family court located in kings county. Which is in Brooklyn New York
yes the summons is for NY family court
I live in New Hampshire and they live in Utica Ny
Can I get a support seeing that I am here in panama city panama  and he is there in ny
Yes i live in new york city
Sixth district of patchogue (Suffolk county district court)
Family Court in Queens,  New York
I live in Nassau county, NY, the case was filed in Suffolk where I used to live.
not Steubenville it’s just steuben county ny
im a landlord in sullivan county. id like my maintenance workers to be informed. do the rules in the HPD checklist apply in sullivan county?
Thank you, do you know if its possible in Kings county?
does child support in new york state include child care services?
That's a Manhattan number.  I live in Ulster park ny near Kingston in Ulster county.
Court: Queens County Supreme Court Case Type: Matrimonial - Uncontested
The appellate court is separate from family court correct?
When will the queens family court reopen ？
yes my husband and I live in Clinton county Ny but the guy lives in Vt
I live in Richmond County, Staten Island, not Rochester
New York Brooklyn Kings County
Yes are there legal aid soceitys outside of Sullivan County that can help me with my problem
I don't live in Brooklyn I live in Dutchess County
I live in Colorado, but my grandfather was born in Huntington, Suffolk County, Long Island
Yes Niagara County court of law
yea the supreme court of new york county of kings
I have a court case in New York but I currently live out of state.
queens county civil supreme court
The child support order is in Kings County, NY.
thanks but thats for family. thanks anyway
1840 LEXINGTON AVE NEW YORK NY 10029
Kings county Brooklyn new york
Yes saratoga springs saratoga county
I would like free consultation about family rights
As I’m in Suffolk County Long Island New York
sir my father  live in new york city you help my father
i live in florida now and dad lives in ny
i need legal representation to go in front of Monroe County Child support collection unit
Its in the queens County court from last year
I am looking for a legal aid to help fight a family court case
New york city or brooklyn or queens
I love at 133 Main st, apt 202, flushing ny
Hello when family court open in queen nyc...
Yeah i know that site and im nassau county
The issue is in Brooklyn but I live in bronx ny
I reside in Erie county, PA. I did work in chautauqua county
I never lived in new york and our kids lived in dc the bulk of their lives.
also I live in Suffolk and I believe they are in queens
chautauqua county family court in Mayville, NY
Suffolk, NY is where my case is but I’m in Polk County Florida
The order is from Putnam County,  NY and I live in Rockland County
my mom lives here in new york but my father is i believe in florida
Yes that's correct, we're in Nassau County
New York, NY or Bronx, NY
Are those the same rules for Upstate NY. Broome county?
Family Court in Central Islip, NY.
i currently live in Kings county Brooklyn ny
no albany county but the court case is in ulster county
My case is in new York but I live and work in Pennsylvania
That’s ok .. thank you for your time .. I don’t think this is a legal issue.  Anyhow we are at Queens county
530 East 234TH Street BX NY 10470
Yes the case was opened in NYC. Kings county to be exact
for the state of new york county of kings
😩 thanks. So Brooklyn family court
How can I get a copy of my child support order if I no longer live in New York?
