Do I need to contact a lawyer in the state he died in or the state where his assets are?
I need the cost of a lawyer to file for small estate in surrogate court.  My dad died without a will.
My mom passed away march 26 2020 and she had several accts and things and my sister is basicaly trying to keep everything
my father is passed away and my mother she is in oversease
my wife pass away and i would like a form for her benefits
I know her name the county her date of birth and death
I asked for an adjournment due to my father passing last Sat and i needed time to obtain council
As well as the older children that their dad died
I was told by the DHCR that under section 8 technically once voucher holder passes away then the voucher is no longer in place
My daughter pass away two weeks ago, and now the children are with their father who can't take care of them.
I meant after he “does” not “dies”
she died in Pleasantville, NY but her body was transferred to Yonkers funeral home
my parents and I don’t get along my mom physical emotional abuse me wish me death
if the other parent suddenly passes away does the case continue like can i still get sole custody or it dismissed
Hello need a appointed lawyer for a Will case in my mothers pass away proceedings with her property and asset along with my legal documents
I need to file paperwork for my daughter who passed away.
My cousin worked in Manhattan family court but she passed
How do I become executor of my sons who has recently passed estate?
Son passed. No will.  Single no children.  I am mother. Intestate is me.
My dad passed away 2 years ago and the house is still in his name but I was named administrator. What should I do please?
I want my brother in Spain to take the kids if I die
If a paternal grandmother has custody of the child and passes away. How can the maternal grandmother get custody?
Now Nov 3 I had a break in I was assaulted and burglarize I almost died
they mother passed away may 6
I need help with questions about a recent passing and estate information
My uncle just passed away in Prince George’s County Maryland.
If my mom passed in 1992, what form do I need to diy in collecting unclaimed funds totaling $5k?
my father passed away, does eveyone tha dies have to go through court?
Ok.  My brother died six months ago he was a account bank , I need how take this money
Someone has passed away. I am a descendent. A probate proceeding is pending.
”I’m a dead man”
Hi, I'm trying to file for guardian ship for my child in order to receive benefits from his fathers job since he passed away
My attorney recommended me to find estate lawyer since my husband's death large amounts of money is gone and family repeatedly drugging me
My only guess is when my father passed he left me money I didn't know about at the time she wanted it
A letter to appear in housing court was sent in my mother's name even though she passed away in April what should I do
A summons arrived for my mother who passed away in April for housing Court. What should I do
I need help with getting the proper papers to handle my mother's affairs. she passed away in april.
I received a court documents from my ex boyfriend asking for legal right to buried my son that passed away in July as a stillborn
and whether they need original death certificates or other docs
she is trying to create a plan for her son now in the event should she pass away
It's. Foreclosure on my home my father passed away and I got rely behind on my morgage payments
Can some one drive car of a person that had passed away
My husband passed away on March 2019, apartment is under his name, I need transfer to mine, Is there a time limit?
Son passed away.  No wife no children no will.  I am his mother need to put his mobile home in my name as administrator.
I am unemployed, caring for my mom, the money I have in bank was left to me when my uncle passed away
Father is deceased. Mother is at facility.  Alzheimers
Yes my father passed away and I need to prove his my father
the sons of the passed owner don’t want to give me back my security what can I do?
My mom died from virus April 18.Need to execute her will.I am Executor and sole heir.Total estate approx $525000.00
The grandfather called me yesterday saying that his son wants to kill me
one is 24 the other is 18.  their birth father has passed away and their step-father would like to formally adopt them
She died in Batavia NY in Wyoming county and I live in another state
No she passed late Dec. The house was tranferred early Dec.
i was home for 26 days quarantined while he was in hospital on ventilator for 17 days and almost died
Her sister passed away 2 weeks ago now the landlord wants her to move out by this week
can I do it online somehow since his mother recently passed away
My brother passed away last month and I am helping my mother with closing his accounts
I texted you about 15min ago . About my brother passing and the restaurant issues.Can you resend the website again. I. Tried to save it
If a renter passed away and do to civic everything is shut down right now there apt cannot be clear out
He is now 37 years old so he was only 17 when they died. So he still suffers from it.
on July 5th my niece Jeanette was found deceased in her room
My father passed away and i wanted to take over his estate
my father passed away. Mortgage company is telling me I have to put my name on the title so they can talk to me
Q1) The estate inheritance law,was there any eligible period as my father passed away before my step mother, less than a year?
Wonderful, thank you kindly. In the event that the mother has also passed away, is there another route?
That was widow on I also yet to help a diabetic in same boat mid aged no husband mine dead hers who knows
Need help figuring out where to go to get more details about the estate of a recently passed relative
Oh the deceased lives in Suffolk County NY
Ok, thank you so much. One last question. I need help on starting a wrongful death case against a hospital.
Well he died in Kings County - Brooklyn
I need assistance with correcting a New York death certificate...
My ex-husband has died and he has a house in New York, which both of of purchased together.  What is my rights.
how could a person become legal in the us if they pass there time
Parent passed in early July. With only a signed will from Texas in 93. Last resided in a home owned in Genesee co.
My mom passed away and did not leave a will. I need to know the steps of becoming an administrator of her estate
My brother just passed away, and I’m trying to get help with the funeral cost
Their father died of covid and they need help transfering the dad's bank account and other estate matters
After family friend passed away there was no estate no will no assets..she lived in sec 8 apt
She was married for over ten years with an american resident and when he passed away she was denied of the benefits she was entitled.
I'm not sure. Last I knew she lost it bc she was in hospital for a long time. She almost died 3x
So i have the evidence that they send me a lot of pictures of dead people and they told me that they will kill me
I need to find out if there was a probate case opened for a person that died in 2009
My siblings and I are supposed to inherit money from my Fathers personal Injury claim that he had before he passed away.
There is no death certificate yet and probate case hasn't been established
I need court papers to assist me in becoming my son's estate he passed away
Looking for administration of the estat for my husband ( he passed away 2 months ago
my husband died my name is not on the house deed or the will
hi. The question i have is  recently a family friend passed away
I also am wondering if I don’t have a will and pass away, would everything automatically be left to my spouse?
My daughter died in Nassau County but resided in Queens
My land had passed and his three sons are in control of his estate.
Umm so if a child's caretaker passes away how would someone go about seeking to care for the child
Yes, a deceased aunt who died in 2017.
I'm writing because my son's father died for covid
My daughter father is deceased since 1991 which she was getting his ss
this is for the estate of mom passed away 2006, my brother was executor from 2006
I need to get a copy of habits corpus father passed away his wife won't return  my daughter
I understand that I have to complete forms and show proof of his death
My dad who passed leftme 100, dollars ina joint power trust account. What should I do with the bstock especially with oct i, deadline
My mother died and I  need to close her section 8 case.  What do I need to do?
Basically I also want to know if I can make her final wishes to die at home possible.
bronx county. yes my husband passed away
He keeps telling me hurry up and die so he can get the kids and take over the apt that is not in his name
I have no idea other than she died at home. I have her death certificate indicating natural cause
my dad recently passed away and the bank would like for us to obtain a Letter of Adminstration
Hi! My son died 3/23 of virus, and I am in Fl and his only relative.
I'm trying to fill out and file the small estate affidavit for my late husband who passed unfortunately without a will
long story short one child mother passed family member has custody .. children have same father
My husband, their father, who had full custody just passed away..
The patient was giving effected drug. Resulted coma and close death
my uncle died and ever since wierd things have been happening I think I might have some right to will
my ex is presumed deceased but it hasn’t been declared. Which type of lawyer could help me begin the process
Yes, and my sister passed 5 months after
My daughter is also the beneficiary of my daughter who passed but she refuses to bury her.
He has asked for rent..for may and June family friend passed away at end of March
Dad is 81yrs old, not good health and wants my brothers to have house after his passing.
My mother is also deceased. I will contact LIFT. Thank you
One last question. We just found out Monday that he died in May will this make any difference?
Sorry the friend of the deceased told the next of kin that
My dad just recently died of covid-19.  Hie brother was living in Orange County.
I need a death certificate from.my aunt that die in Jackson Heights  she past away the 8 off April 2020
what do you do if you can not find the original will of the deceased, but you have a copy and the death certificate?
Looking for probate form to have new letters testamentary granted after executor has passed away
her son asked me to contact landlord  to tell him that his mother passed away
my daughter father passed away 2 years ago and my dad will like to adopt her as her dad
if a 16 year old becomes emancipated and her living parent is getting death benefits will she get them?
My father died without a will and need help filing a letter of administration to become an administrator.
90 year old grandmother passed with the virus.  Her will is old and names 2 executors who have both died.
My mom is carrying for him and he needs his benefits from his deceased mother, my sister
I don't know. I've never been passed around  so much before I get anything resolved. This has been on going for far to long.
My aunt passed how do I become her power of attorney
Hi Erik, My husband died but did not leave a will.  what should i do?
Need to apply for administrator of deceased uncles estate. He passed without a Will. I'm next of kin
Parent who died family refuses to allow children to be with eachother
I am trying to start a surrogate case for my mother that passed away without a will.
Sorry can a pos put their name on their mother's deed knowing after she's passed it is to be divided 4 ways?
My mother had temporary custody of my children.she passed away 2 weeks ago.I have physical custody now.how do I make it legal?
My mortgage company is for closing on my home and my mortgage is in my moms name who has been passed away since 2011
I was giving a 10 day notice to quit. I live with my grandmother and she passed away.  They want me out
mother died years ago but i just foundmout she left money for me but i dont know how to find out about it
If a grandmother has custody of a child and she passes away can the other grandmother petition custody?
and my sister won custody on Thursday and passed away on Friday
I need help wirking with the death of my landlady and inheritance of property
Hi! When someone passes away in NY State that's on Medicaid who has the rights to the funds in his bank account?
The issue i am having is my family friend passed away at the end of March
My husband passed away Feb.20, 2020. I need a letter of testimary
Also, she probably cannot afford an attorney or other expenses associated with handling his death.
Was wondering about my legal rights as a tenet if the landlord passed away
Hello so my problem is my father passed away an the NYPD sealed of his room in an apartment that other people l live in
I needed to know , I filed for surrogate due to my father passing
My mom just pass and I need help to finding out what to do next
No , when he death after I was 4 days fever and my son take me to urgent care and emergency hospital
No. I was her appointed as the legal guardian of her affairs but I was informed this is no good once she died
my dad passed in GA and mom in NYC and my grand mother passed in st croix v.i
can you suggest any resources that help track accounts owned by a deceased person namely financial accounts
My sons father died and I no longer have the paperwork and wanted to know if the court still has the documentation
I need an attorney for my mother and my daughter who has passed away.
my sister in law passed away on Friday and left her 7 year daughter
Quick question.....can housing evict me if my dad passed away and was to ill to add me to the lease before he passed.
Yes but the father has passed away since then
My mom passed away last year without a will and my sister kept the money she left
I believe the arrears are from the month since he deceased
hey there, my dad died and left me benefits undersurvivors benefits
It's disbursments of assets from a death with a will.  It's been 12 years.
Oh yes, thank you. I am 66 yrs old, and I stupidly told him my had died so he knew I was alone
There has been a tragic accident where My daughters mother recently died. I want to know and confirm my custodial rights of our daughter
I want to know if the spouse pass away, how can i get the money from the bank he left..
I have a 15 yr old daughter who’s Mom passed away & my name isn’t on my daughter’s Birth certificate...
My mom died right. And my mom and dad is divorced can my dad be a executor of the small estate affidavit?
Hello, I'm looking for an attorney who does medical malpractice and accidental death cases.
I do not have her death certificate or social security number as I left home in 1987
Our father passed away...he was to ill at the end to add me to the lease. Rent is current..i would like to keep the apt.
so the court does have to be notified even though we alread have a death certificate
yes but his name is not on the birth certificate and my sister just won full custody on Thursday the day before she passed away
Is an attorney necessary , I am the sole grantee with an attorney prepared will and certified death certificate.
i need to file to have a court declare him dead
She is telling people my mother died of cancer. I know her PCP and she says my mother doesn't have a history of cancer.
Thank you - non COVID - a nice passing.
stating that the city was notified that my family friend passed away
Good after my brother recently passed away he had full custody of his 14 year old daughter
My wife died in nursing home from covin19 and i need letter testimentary
I live  on 4fl. In 10/18 my daughter (also a tenant, fell to her death . In kings county brooklyn,ny
My brother died six months ago he was a checking account I need information how got the money
moy mother was living in an apartment for a very long time and she passes away two years ago
I took off from work to take care of my mother and she has passed
The mother of my deceased son gave up her rights to my grandson to her mother
getting a passport would be easier with sole custody then having to file for the death certificate
My sister was found dead in her shelter room by my mom and dad. My niece was not present.
well at the end of March family friend she passed away...the apartment she lived in was section 8
I miss my kids and I just want to see them. But they think they will die if they see me
Hi, I need some legal advice about the 198 7hospital death of my infant sister
Hi, I need help to unseal my brother's aparment. He died a few weeks ago
Also how do I terminate a order for my child who is 19 and the custodial parent passed away
I am trying to find the correct process (who, where, etc)  for filing a will when someone passes
My Dad passed away without a will 3 years ago.
