Can you poker also answer my question above. Thank you.
This number that was provided to me by live help (718)618-2098 I get no one to answer the phone
I don't think general info. is going to answer my question.
Yes, if you can provide me assistance so that I can find these answers that would be very helpful.
or what information you can offer since you can’t answer much of anythjng
i just had a question that i ccant seem to locate an answer for
the questions are tricky and don't want to answer them incorrectly
No i think that answered the questions i had all together thanks again
No one answers the phones on the web site
I DID NOT EVER ASK FOR ADVICE! I asked you what the law says!! You can’t answer that? What questions can you answer?
Another question... do you only answer questions in regards to family court?
I'm not sure that you can help me with this but maybe you could direct me to someone that can answer
Ok do you have a source that would be able to help me answer that question by chance?
I have some general questions that hopefully you can somewhat answer for me.
So you’re basically saying you can’t answer this question
an answer on that general question, or information that will help answer that question will be most helpful.
I've looked at those sites but unfortunately they don't answer my question.
is that a court hotline that can answer probate questions?
the numbers i have on the letter i received no one is answering
Good morning so I have a few questions about a few things regarding family court
Yes please.  My deadline to answer is Nov 14.
if i dont answer the petition with in 5 days, a judement may be entered against me
I need help finding a lawyer. I am being sued for $18,000 and need to answer the summons by next Friday.
I've done all that already but still don't understand it.  They say I can file an answer online
ok can you answer the second question please
They won't tell me anything or answer my calls
Do you know if there’s a group/resource that can Answer specific questions?
trying I live upstate no one will answer me
So I'm not sure if you can answer this one but what is proof of service?
In how long will you answer. So I can leave this page for a bit.
I have emailed and called a couple places no answer back
I have a legal question and was directed to your site  where I can get an answer
OH ONE MORE QUESTION WHAT PART OF THE FAMILY COURT SYSTEM IS OPEN IF ANY?
I am filing a violation petition & I’m not sure how to answer one of the questions
Ok so the second one can answer my question
The legal aid society number u gave me no one seems to ever answer
Ok, you have answered my questions. I very much appreciated!
thank you very much for your help she is very greatful it has been hard getting the right answers...
Okay, thank you so much! This is the most straight forward answer I’ve gotten in weeks! Lol
No I haven’t. But any chance you can answer this one question how long does family court keep adoption records.
I dont find an answer to my question on these links
They'll have a lot to answer for if this gets to court!
Not today. I would have to get Art to agree before I can answer
It says I have to answer summons.  I'm not sure who to contact.
trust me, i have. i think my case is uncommon, so the websites don't answer the question. i can't afford a lawyer.
is there someone I can call to answer my questions please?
No one answers just message that says delayed. Ur first to answer. No information on site with reopening date. So I guess none for now
i've seen the first 2 and they don't answer my questions
my landlord hasn't answered my calls in months
I looked through already and nothing answers my questions.
since from 4pm into now bnut no one been answer
this site states that it can answer legal questions and here you are telling me that you can’t!!!
I have searched all over the internet and can't find an answer.
Would you be able to give advice or answer some questions I have?
no one seems to answer the phones often
no thank you. i think this website will help answer some questions.
how long it would take for them to receive my mail and answer me
Yes .. we answered all the questions and saved it to the website
I think u pretty much answered them. Thank you for the info. I will look into this further
Sorry he stepped away and I didn't want you to think we weren't interested in getting he answer.
So a lawyer who could answer questions about sexual abuse and defamation would be ideal
Oh I see wow I appreciate you answering all of my questions. Thank you very much. You were very helpful and understanding.
well I have answered all the questioning the interviewer portion but it wont allow me to print it now?
how am I supposed to answer the summons wiyh notice is there a form for that or just do it thru word
okay thank you so much for your advice and answering my questions!
My son was arrested monday I keep calling to get him a lawyer no one is answering phone
Hi I wanted to know if someone can help answer a few questions about an 18 year old case.
I tried this as well but no one answered . I would try more times
would that hotline be able to answer my specific questions about his right to see my lease?
I have 30 days to file an answer is that with or without weekends
I realize you cannot give me advice but can you answer specific questions ( if you know the answer) about a will?
That would be great. I just need to find the answer to my question.
Hi! I just had a quick question, I am unsure if you can answer or not but figured I'd try.
I just have to get back to the page that shows the answers, just cannot open them.
You did a good job! I will provide you with a "roadmap" to show you how to better answer these chats. Any questions?
I didn’t really get the answers I was looking for
The landlord and maintenance guy is refusing to answer any messages or calls
Miss this doesn’t answer my question in full detail
No i did go and answer one summones and it was clear and fixed
Hi I currently am a Cvr section 8 tenant would you be able to answer questions that I have ?
Local legal aid groups do not answer phone.
I filed to vacate a default judgement against me,  it was granted. I need advice on how to proceed to answer the complaint.
You can't really choose how they classify you, only answer the questions.
I wanted to know , Do I have to answer all the questions in that Subpoena including the information I am not comfortable sharing with
December 4, 2019 received on December 10, 2019 and. I have 15 day to answer for the date of the 4th.
that would be perfect, if only they would answer; who and where can I call, what number will answer?
from what i see we have to answer the notice but don't know how
I will keep trying the phone of the courts. Hopefully, someone will answer the phone
I keep loosing anything from you. As soon as I answered your question it goes right to the survey
ive looked, I cant find the correct answer
Yes, since it seems it’s the only way to get answers at this point.
ok thank you. I have tried many times and no answer
whoever you are answering an online help forum
I will start with that. I have already looked at some of these but cannot find my answer.
Can I write “being settled” on the answer form
yes please or someone to answer my questions regarding the form
I have court ordered FaceTime rights to call my son everyday and my ex won’t answer my calls
Hello! Thank you so much. I really need a very good answers.
i need stalking and harrassment of myself to stop...and to answer the complaint properly and clearly
What number do I call. The ones on website say no one to answer calls
Answer to your question is im not sure how to answer that
actually i was looking to find an answer to a question. I do not know how i got into law help
Can you answer a couple of general questions about a situation and set of circumstances?  Or only refer?
i had a question im not sure if you could answer but doenst hurt to ask
I see. Ok. I guess that answers all of the questions then. Thank you so much
Thanks it sounds complicated isn’t there someone who have an answer
I have called  I get no answers    No body answers phones
No I think this might answer my questions thank you
I checked already this website. I didn’t find answer to my question
Can I bring this to civil court you can’t answer that
So you are not able to answer those two questions on this chat
am i now making new password i answered security question
I try to call them no answer I email them nothing .
Ok. Thank you. I really need to find direct answers. Thank you for your help.
but I cannot move forward unless I select an answer
Hi, I have a question I hope you can help with because I can't seem to find the answer
and cannot get a hearing date, nor answer to my phone calls or emails
I've looked at both of these sites already and I am unable to find my answer on them
Just gonna write and when you can answer I’ll be here waiting
I've tried looking it's quite hard asking that particular question and getting a straight answer lol
I know that you can not answer several questions so I guess I should call someone.
Can I ask you the question and you can tell me if you know the answer?
Fine and dandy. You answered the most important question. Stay well,  stay safe person Bennett. I’m signing off.
Is there any volunteer legal council that could answer my questions
To finish I just need one of there reps to answer phone- and today is my filing day
Noone ever answers the phone at court or the helpline
Have a great day thanks for answering,be safe
Now Im told I need to answer by Monday
I have read those pages. But still can’t find the answer to my specific question
no need to get an answer do you know who will take a simple question?
I've called all day long...they don't answer
Oh sorry, just read the answer to my question.
can you answer questions about filing documents provided on this website
Actually i emailed a month ago, but she didn’t answer
I've agreed to a settlement with the debt collectors, but I still need to answer the summons, right?
I wasn’t able to answer the phone , I googled the number and it took me to this website
yes the number I've called 718)298-0500 but the person who answered but extremely rude and condescending
yes but it is operator that ask questions and you can answer with yes and no.
That's not the answer I wanted to hear, Michael
Ok I have a question! If I have been given the option to e-file, that would count as given a written answer, correct?
I will give it a try. I realize it's late and I don't expect an answer today, but thank you for some direction.
I fail to understand why there isn't a direct answer
Whoever answered the help desk phone
should i be concerned that right now places are closed or won't answer because of current pandemic?
I am really just looking for an answer to my second question. Thank you.
Not at the present. Thank you. Here's hoping that will help answer my questions! Have a great day!
Can you steer me to someone who can answer come questions?
Is this immigration lawyer? Is he or she going to answer my question for free?
I'm not sure if you can answer this, where can I find how many times law enforcement has been called to an address?
I recieved a summons from collection attorney but I am living on social security disability & a pension - how do I answer the summons?
I need form answer countrr claim
That page doesn’t answer the question I have..that’s why I utilized the chat option
I have looked there but was not able to find the answer To my question
You haven't really been of any assistance since my question was not answered.
I think you’ve answered all my questions that I currently have so thank you
