is it possible that to other party can file for joint custody years later with the party not were never married
Her friends mom called CPS and and is filing for custody.
I’m looking for how to file custody and support
Me and her have joint legal custody with physical placement at her home
I need help regarding filing for full custody and child support for my son
i stay with them i pickthem up i doeverything for them i would like joint custody
I need help filing for full custody over my two daughters
hello where can i find the application to file for full custody
Hey can I file for sole custody online ?
i am looking to file for sole custody for my daughter
I want to file for joint physical custody
I just need help filing for child support and custody online
Hello I just wanted to know how I can file for sole and physical custody
I need help with filing and representation for a child custody case
I need help to file for full custody of my children but I don't know how to do it
Hi I have a few questions about the filing for custody process
I need assistance with filing child custody
I would like information about how to file for full custody
Hi I need help filing for custody of my son back
Hi how can I file for full custody for my 5 year old on line
Hello, I am looking to file for joint custody of my child, is there a DIY form?
will I also need to do a custody form? I would like to have sole physical custody and joint legal
Its joint custody but I never see him. She doesn't allow it.
Good evening, I am interested in filing for sole custody of my daughter. Where or how can I start the process?
We have joint custody of my son, his father is his residential parent.
I would like to file for joint custody
We have joint custody.  But he is the residential custodian and doing a poor job
I need help filing for full custody for my daughter
yes, what is the document I need to file for full custody
We would like joint custody but don't know what her address is gonna be. She is leaving in 1 week.
are these to initially file for custody or only for existing cases
Do I get custody first, and then file for support, or file them both together?
This is my first time filing , theres so custody established.
I need help looking for the document to file custody
Hey I would like to know the steps to filing full custody
hi how can i file for joint custody of my children
How can I copy’s of my joint custody case
The week prior to that, I had filed for joint custody. If we already have joint custody, will we get a new hearing?
I would like to file for custody online how do I do that
I need help filling for joint custody
i want to file for full custody can I get the form online
They wont let me file for custody without paternity???
The only option to get custody recognized by the court is to file a case then?
There is a Cps case open and I want to file for custody
Hello I need help filing for full custody
and he is not following the current joint custody order.
I wanna file custody for my daughter
Yes I am for right now I’m in another state but I need to come back to nyc to file for custody
Im looking for joint/ 5050 custody
need to file for full custody in manhattan
Hello I'm looking for forms to file for custody
I want to know how to file for full custody
I'm looking to filing joint custody what are the forms
now im looking to file for full custody.
I would like to file for joint custody for my children
I'm almost ready to file for full custody at this point.
He wants to take me to court and file custody rights
Fathers are requesting and fighting for joint custody nowadays and getting it.
I want information regarding how joint custody works.
I’m interested in knowing what can I do to file for custody of my son
I need help to file full custody of my daughter
Can joint custody be arranged even if we are living in the same house
I need help to file for custody, I can't find any forms online
Looking on how find or file for old custody rites documents stating I have joint custody
YES HI I NEED HELP FILING FOR CHILD SUPPORT AND CUSTODY
I need to file for custody in  Westchester New York
I filed for custody yestaday but that may take longer
I need to file custody for both my kids and need help filing it
Hello Is there a way to file for custody on line
Hello I need help filing for custody of my daughter
i would like to file for joint custody in suffolk county
Not married. He want joint custody the child lives with him
I'm looking to file for  full custody or shared . What forms are available
I need some help filing for custody of my son
Hi Im filing custody order for the first time, which form should I use?
Am seeking help getting joint custody of my daughter
Yes. Can you help me find the forms I need to file for custody?
I wanted to know if there’s a way to take my daughters mother to court for joint custody
I need help on how and what I need to do to file for custody of my son.
I have joint custody with the mother of my son. She has final decision. She has been in the hospital for 1 week.
hello it’s my first time and I want to file for full custody
i just need to know how to file for joint custody
I need help on filing for custody online?
I want to file for sole custody of my daughter
do i leave it as joint legal custody and just say i want to relocate and the reason?
The father of my kids is taking me to court to get joint custody.
yea child custody to do joint custody
That’s okay thank you,I’m filing for custody these few days as well ,almost done with that
Just need to know how to file for a custody case during the pandemic?
Hi I need the form to file for custody
How do I file for sole custody in Bronx county
Unfortunately no.  She was  never served so I dont know the specifics.  Her kids believe he was filing for joint custody.
i'm asking...can i register the order and file for custody at the same time?
I need help on filing for support and Custody online
With 50 -50 joint legal and physical custody
I meant joint legal and physical custody.
also can i file custody while living together
i was looking for information on to file for full custody
I need help to file for my daughters custody
So I want to file for custody but I don’t know how this should go
i need help filing for joint custody
have you also provided the link to file for full custody
For the most part. I was awarded the residential custody temporarily but for the past 12 years it was set as joint custody
Hello my name is Julissa and I want to file for full custody for my son
I will like to file for join and physical  custody
I would like to file for custody and don't see this option
what forms do I need To file for custody, we don’t have any type of custody in order yet
when i file for custody will i see a mediator first?
I am searching for Joint Custody forms for my nephew.
We had gone to court back in 2009/2010 and we were given joint custody, we never saw the judge we just came to an agreement
Hello I want to file for custodial custody
Hi, Where can I find the steps on how to file custody?
Hello I need help with filing for full custody
hello I need help with filing for custody online
I need to know what options I have besides filing for custody and going at this alone.
What steps are taken when you want to file joint custody?
I want to file for joint custody of my child
Hi I've been filing for full custody over my daughter and I have a few questions about the forms to be filing.
Can i file for custody online or I have to go to the courts
so I’ve been reading and i think best option is join custody
I’m looking for the custody form to file to get custody of my little brother
Me and the mother are having an impasse with her granting me joint legal and physical custody.
Me and my kids father want joint custody can we go in today to do that?
I’m looking for help regard filing for a custody agreement
hi i need to file for custody and how do i do this online so i can get a court date im filinf in queens
Do I need a reason to file for full custody?
i cant find the links to file for custody
i will like to file for joint chlid custody
I just need the website to get the forms to file for custody
I like to file for full custody what is the link
Do I have a chance at getting joint legal and physical custody under the current circumstances?
Where can I find free legal services to file for custody
and also because I am currently going to court because my daughters father wants joint custody
Thank you Celine. I'm filing for Full Custody.
no, his 'rights' are basically from being on B.C.   He said he will fight for joint custody but he's not fit
How can I go by to file for joint custody Being that Covid is a problem?
The money part should be stopped and I want joint custody with t h my son.
i havent filed for custody yet , ever
The court order is for custody  and I have place mate and joint custody
I need to find the document to file for custody
I am looking to file for joint custody of my daughter but I cannot find the correct form on the website
I need to find the forms to file for custody
I need to understand what I need to fdo to file for full custody
I want to file for custody online for my son
Hello I need help with filing for full custody for my daughter
No I’ve never filed custody order
Do I need to go in court to file for custody,?
I would like to file for joint custody and I don't already have an order
As a grandparent, if I feel my grandkids are in a unsafe environment am I able to file for custody?
i want to file for sole physical custody and shared legal custody of my daughter
I don't have a court case I only have joint custody
does not that apply where people are married to file for joint custody
