i need help filing for custody petition
My court case is over but I wanted to file a petition for full custody of my children back
And the grand parent who is also mentally ill filed a petition for custody
i would like to file a petition for custody and child support
I will like to petition for full custody of my child
can i file a petition for full custody at the same time?
Determining in which state a petition for custody can be made, when the separated parents live in different states
but fyi, i'm pretty sure that you can file custody petitions electronically in nyc family court
she filed a petition for custody but the courts have closed .
how can i file electronically custody petition online
Hi I would like to file for petition of custody
i want to file a new custody petition
we have a joint custody order in which I would like to Petition for sole custody
I checked and they only have forms for custody petitions already established
I need to file a petition for child custody but the courts are closed
and also where can I find the form to file a petition for sole custody
i want to know if I can go in to the family court and file a child custody petition
can i file a supplement to a custody petition if I get more information after filing?
i wanted to know the steps in filing petition for custody during COVID-19
This is my first time doing this. I would like to file a custody petition as well as child support
I need to file a new petition for custody of my children
Trying to print  form for petition for custody
I still have the same question. Is the petition different or the same to file for custody of the child
Hello I want file a petition for sole custody of my autistic daughter
And will it cost anything to file a custody petition?
I need a modification petition and custody petition
i just need to know if i can start a petitionj here online for full custody
can someone file a custody petition now in bronx family court?
i dont know if it's considered an emergency petition I just need to efile a petition for custody
i would like to file a custody petition but i do not know how to
Hello my name is shiann heyward i want to file a petition for legal custody.
I want to know what to do to start a custody petition
I would like to know when will the family court be open to file a custody petition
I’m looking for the link to file a petition of custody for my nephews
I’m looking for help and services to file a petition for full custody of my daughter from her father
and does the paternity petition need to be filed before a custody petition, or can they be filed at the same time?
would you be able to help me find the forms needed to start a custody petition?
I would like to file a petition for legal and physical custody of my daughter. Are the courts open for me to proceed?
I’m looking for custody petition form online
I see sample petitions for custody modification. Are there sample forms for opposition to such a petition?
what are the service requirements for a petition for custody modification?
Can i file a petition for custody if no order is existing?
Hello i need help to file a custody petition
I would like to file a custody and visitation petition. Can I do that virtually?
I need to file a petition for full custody of my daughter
There isn’t a form to start a custody petition
I've printed up the petition for custody form
I need assistance with child custody petitions
I'd like to know the website for filing a petition for custody online.
1) are Petitions  to file for a violation of a custody order in family court online?
Hi, are the courts open to file new petitions for custody?
I need to know how to file a petition for custody for my mom
I would like to file a custody petition
How do I file a petition for custody in tioga county
I would like help filing a joint custody petition
I wanted to know information on filing for sole custody. Is I file a petition do I have to go to court to file it?
I want to file a petition for custody Over my son
I would like to know on how to filed a custody petition for my children
none of those thinks helped me file a petition online for full custody
How do I file a petition for Custody and Child Support??
if I need to petition for custody do we file online or in-person during the pandemic?
i Want to file a child custody petition at the Bronx family court but I want to know if that service is available
I'm looking to file an emergency custody petition in erie county how do I do that ?
I want to put in a petition for joint custody of my child
Hello, where can I find the Custody petition form ?
Is there a specific Petition I need to file in regards to custody if I am not a parent of the child
I already filed a modification for custody and will need to file a petition for child support too
i wanted to know is there a way to file a petition for child support and custody during covid 19
Am I able to come in and file an emergency relocation petition?
so I want to file a child custody petition but I do not see the form online
I just want to petition for sole custody of my daughter
It is for a custody petition, but I have also filed a petition for support modification
one question can I file the custody petition online ?
can i file a petition for custody online, via electornic filing?
I want to file a petition for sole custody of my child
I need help filing a custody petition
I wanna file a custody petition
i would like to know what I could do after I file a petition for custody of my granddaughter
Hi, I'm looking for a relocation petition to file in NY.
I looking for a download able file for custody petition
hi, i would like to file a petition to get the custody of my son
Where can I go to put a custody petition in for my son
hi so i need to file a writ for my daughter that i have sole legal custody for
I need the form to start a petition for custody there is no petition filed already so I’m starting from the beginning
I want to file a petition for custody I want my son back
I would like a form to petition for sole custody of my 3 year old daughter.
I would like to file a petition for custody of my child, how would i do so?
I would like to file a petition for custody but I can’t find the form
I want to file a petition for custody for my son
I am looking for free/ low legal services to help me with my sole custody petition scheduled for October 15th.
I am filing a petition for Full Custody of my Son.
I want to know what an how to file a full custody petition
Is there a way to file a custody petition online and not in the court house
How do you file a petition for joint custody on this website?
I need the petition to file for custody of a child
I’d like to file a petition for custody and child support
Hi, I am just interested in confirming if custody petitions cannot be filed remotely?
what forms are needed to start a petition for joint custody for unmarried parents?
I want to know what paperwork do I need to petition for full custody for my children
What form do I use to start a custody petition?
how can i file a custody petition in kings county online?
how do i efile a custody order petition counterclaim
Im looking for the form 17 petition for custody
How can I file an emergency petition of modification of custody?
I was hoping there would be a DIY custody petition
I would like to file a writ of habeus corpus, custody for my children, and a divorce petition
The Petition form for Child Custody . So I can file online for the upcoming Child placement Court meeting
how do I file a custody modification petition in court during these times?
Hi I would like to file a petition for full custody for my daughters
I need help filing out the custody petition
I just want to file a normal custody petition how do file for it
Do you know anything in regards to filing a custody petition?
I would like to file a petition for custody of my daughter. How do i go about doing that, since the courts are now closed?
I would like to file for custody of my daughter. Is that petition available online or do I have to go to the court house?
If a persons looking to seek physical custody of their children want to file a petition what petition would they be filing?
I see you have sample petitions for custody modification. Do you have sample forms for an opposition to custody modification?
I would like to find the custody petitionform
Can I file an emergency petition to prevent relocation
Hi, can you tell me where I can find a relocation petition form?
I would like to file a custody petition. Where can I send the application?
Would it be okay to let the judge know on Friday that I have also filed a petition for custody?
Hello I would to petition for custody of my child when the a order of protection currently in place. How I proceed?
I was told by CPS to file a V custody petition
Where would I go to file a new petition of custody
I need to file an Order to Show Cause and Petition for Modification of an Order of Custody
I am in need of assistance in filing a custody petition for the first time for my grandson.
i need to know how to file a petition of custody
Can I get the form online to file a petition for full custody of my children
i would like to file a petition for sole custody for my daughter
can i file a petition for full legal custody on the diy form if there isn’t an existing order?
Where can I get the forms to petition for full custody and child support
When I file a motion for sole custody how will it proceed being that there is covid
can I petition for custody of my kids without using a lawyer
I want to file a petition for child custody
Im looking to file a petition for custody
I don't see a DIY custody petition on this site, though
I know i need to file a petition for custody but what happens after that?
I need to speak to someone, preferably for free, and get advice before I file a petition for custody.
My Son wants to file a joint custody petition
I saw that page however im still unclear . I would like to know if filing a custody petition is considered
Hi good afternoon I want to star a petition for custody
i would like to know where I can get a form to start a petition for custody of my granddaughter
I would just like to know how can I file a petition for full custody in Brooklyn, NY?
I need to file a petition for custody for my son . How should I go about doing it
I am looking for a form for new custody petition
I need to find a relocation petition form
One last thing, what about a petition to have joint legal custody?
I just need the relocation petition form. Where do I find that
Hello I wanted to know if there is a site that I can get forms for petition  for sole custody  on line since Covid
Family court petition form 17 for custody
Is there a date to open or except custody petitions?
