Thank you so much I really appreciate it unfortunately I dont have the means to afford a lawyer and I just feel stuck
I have a lawyer already but he's not representing me anymore the way he use to an I don't wanna deal with him anymore...
yes, even a consult as I can't afford an attorney
I need happy tryin to get a lawyer
and I was thinking to get a attorney but can’t afford one
Yes, I will take information.  I am not interested in an attorney, as I cannot afford one
I need a family lawyer that I can afford by my income
Y problem is that I have no money no income I cannot afford an attorney
i don't have money so is there a lawyer that works pro bono
But his wife has money. And he barely works because of that. It’s not because he can’t get a job
possibly a lawyer but i can't afford an expensive one im a college student
unfortunately i do not have money to pay legal counsel but I need someone who is familiar with the law
I need help finding some one to represent me in court but I dont have much money to pay a lawyer
I need a lawyer but I can't afford one
yeah i have medicaid i probably can't afford a lawyer
I don't have money to afford a good lawyer
I need a lawyer but I dont have money to pay lawyer is some one can help me
Like I said I am disabled and I have no money to pay for a lawyer I need to get a pro bono lawyer
i cannot afford a lawyer either is there a way i can get a free one?
I'm trying to get SSDI and I don't know where to go to find a representative or lawyer to help me
I need a free lawyer for my case i m broke i cant afford private lawyer
i need help to get a free lawyer because I myself can not afford one
She does not have fair representation without a lawyer and cannot afford to retain one
I don’t even have money to pay for a lawyer as I spent every last penny paying for the house and the people
So but they will help to get a lawyer at lost cost
Yes, I wanted to confrim that and also, I can't afford a lawyer and was looking for representation.
Hello! I need help finding a lawyer. I am being sued and I do not have the money to afford a lawyer.
hello I'm trying to get a lawyer
i was try to see if the courts can give the same lawyer
I don't have the money to afford an attorney so it looks like I'll be doing this alone.
where can I get some help reviewing the paperwork and he can’t afford a lawyer but we looking legal aid
I am unable to afford an attorney. Do you know where I can find one pro bono?
lokking for legal help cant afford a lawyer
income? Do I do as I dont have the money to get a lawyer to help
I can't afford a lawyer so is there free help out there for me
I need help tryin to get a lawyer
Is the service of the lawyer free? I am a low income earner who can't afford an attorney.
I was trying to find a lawyer to help me with my case
I know I have grounds but I need to know if I can do it without an attorney because I can't afford it.
I was an in incident 2 yr ago and I'm now looking for advice or legal representation since I cannot afford a lawyer
Just so you know I’m unable to pay for a lawyer...
so now I’m trying to see if wit the lawyer on my case I think she would move faster
I am having trouble finding a lawyer that is in my area that is trustworthy, and knowledgeable in this topic
My son has court date but need lawyer for myself
I can't afford a lawyer and being sued by a credit card company.
i dont want her to but shes getting a lawyer
Good Morning, am currently seeking a lawyer
How would they help with trying to get a lawyer?
I have court in a few weeks and i cannot afford a lawyer. How do i get one  appointed to me?
i need a legal aid because I can’t afford an attorney
I have a hearing coming up but I can't afford a lawyer.
Hi there I’m trying to find a lawyer to help me
but Im a single mom and on a fixed income and don’t make much so I can’t really afford a lawyer
i can't find a lawyer that can represent me on time, I'm having trouble
Hi i am trying to get more information on getting a lawyer
I don't have a job and I don't know how to pay a lawyer
I'm a low income individual can't afford an attorney
i think I need a lawyer for medical malpractice. But I can’t afford one. Hoping to find someone to help me.
I can’t afford an attorney I haven’t worked in five years
I have court but I don’t know what to do and I don’t have a lawyer
I do not qualify for legal aid and cannot afford an attorney
I am disabled and I can't afford an attorney I'm looking for a pro bono one
I am the sole provider of my son so I don’t really have the money for a lawyer unfortunately.
I’m going to get a court appointed lawyer as I can’t afford one
Do it my self I don’t have the money to pay for a lawyer
I can not afford a lawyer but I appreciate any help I can get
Thank you, I would love some legal help right now but I cannot afford a lawyer
We are trying to find a lawyer who's gonna represent us in Staten Island
also do you know where I can get a lawyer? even if I have to pay?
I don't have the money for a lawyer  but my income to high for a free lawyer.
I work part time and I can’t afford a lawyer
What if I do not meet the low income marker, but cannot afford an attorney?
I cant afford a lawyer, but I need to do something... my 2 kids are suffering the price
I can’t afford a lawyer at the moment so I would have to do it myself
can't afford expensive law firms
I need free lawyers i dont have money like no job
I can’t Afford a lawyer for civil case
I have tried and  tried to get a  lawyer in  our area
I need a lawyer. I can't afford a lawyer.
uh we're pretty poor, we can't afford a lawyer
Hi I need help finding a lawyer, I was laid off from my company with no package or anything. I can not afford a lawyer
I cant afford a lawyer but if there are resources that can help me i woukd gladly accept
I’m a college student and do not have money to pay. I was referred to a lawyer and couldn’t afford
hi, I need a lawyer but I cannot afford one. Where can I get help?
I don’t qualify for legal aid and I couldn’t afford a more pricey attorney
They have been through court cases about all of this, but nothing has been done because her mom can't afford a proper lawyer.
We were but she's had it moved to supreme Court because she knows I can't afford an attorney
I can afford an attorney and would like to do everything myself
Hello im trying to get some help from you guys ive delt a lawyer from here
Just want to know if these are considered legit.  Can’t afford a lawyer!
I'm poor and cant afford a lawyer
I tried to find a lawyer, but I couldn’t afford the fee. I called many place, the Women Kind introduce you to me
I'm so lost & don't know what direction to go.. I cant cant afford a lawyer..
Please I’m very interested I don’t mind paying a lawyer either
I don't have money for a lawyer I can't barely survive at the moment.
I can't afford a lawyer and don't know what to do.
I can't afford a lawyer.  I lost my work with covid
if you can provide a lawyer from the court that would help me a great deal I can not afford to pay a lawyer
I would really prefer a lawyer but cant afford one so im just trying to find this out
I was told to get a lawyer but I can’t afford one
Is there any pro bono lawyers I really can’t afford one and the situation is bad
i am just looking on how to get a legal aide attorney as i can not afford a lawyer
I need a guardianship lawyer but I can't afford one
I need help finding an attorney but I cant afford one
I’m sure I need an attorney. I honestly just can not afford one right now
I'm trying to get a free lawyer for the process
But we actually don't have money to pay a lawyer
Thank u so much! I can’t afford a lawyer.
I cant afford my lawyer anymore and need a court appointed lawyer
trying to find how to get a free lawyer
