are you still working on the 2 questions I asked??
hi, I'm only asking this question out of curiosity
really trying to ask a legal question
It’s pretty much a yes or no question...
Okay thank you. If I have any other questions I could just hop back on here and ask whoever's answers?
It’s a question I am not asking for advise or anything in that nature
Does it matter how much he makes as to whether they will let him ask these questions?
It's ok I have a friend who wants to ask a question but he only speaks Spanish
I believe so but if I still need help I’ll make sure to ask
oh okay. Thank you. I thought it was more of a general question. sorry about that.
You did a great job!! You responded very quickly and effectively. Do you have any questions for me?
secondly, when it ask in the matter of a proceeding --- i just have to check off one option?
of course, sorry, taken a lot to ask for help
I want to know how to deal with this, can I ask you for help?
Okay, we will reconvene now and you can ask me your question. I will explain the next steps.
Good morning I would like to ask some question
Hello   yes i have a question and hopefully you can help me out
Hello, may I ask how do I get legal assistance here?
And I'm approved. My question is about certifying each week.
thank you, allow me to continue to elaborate, here comes the part about my questions
Good morning  i have a question and i hope you can help me
I already did ask for one is the guy that haven’t
That was my only question. Appreciate you help. Have a good day!
actually i dont need help just have a question not sure if you can help
I dont need legal help I just have a question
Really  Good information..... Can I ask another question?
Ok, I will ask them the same question. Thanks for the information.
I own a house but is on a fixed income need to ask question to decide the best action I should take
like, where can I ask specific questions about my circumstance?
oh wow, i was going to ask you, thank you
Of course!  While I have you, can I ask a couple more of substantive questions?
legal aid etc have kept telling me to ask them about my questions please
I dont have any other questions. Thank you so much for everything
Ok thanks alot matt ..and I will I'd I have any more questions
Thanks again if I need you later I'll will ask for help. But that will be all for now.
I don't think so. I'll  chst again if I have additional questions
oh!  Is it too late to ask another question?
need to ask questions with a legal aide
I can ask them the questions im asking know and they will be abel to give me insight
I was going to ask a few questions but if you cant tell me certain answers then I wont
I need to ask someone some brief legal questions on the best way to go about it.
Is it possible to ask you those questions, or would you be available to assist me finding legal help?
sorry i forgot to type yes for the question above
Great, txs for your great help. I'll start the process online then and check back on the chat if I have any more questions. Txs!
I just dont know who to ask. And im afraid
ok i will review and come back if i have any more questions. thank you very much
Thank you,  that was going to be my next question.  I don't think I have any other questions today thank you for the information
Hello my name is shantel I have Questions to ask
i have a quick question to ask maybe you guys can help me with
Ok, may I ask another question?
No, I am glad you asked! Great question and something I should consider in the future
Yes but i thought this was a place i could ask my questions and get an answer
(that is question one, can work on that first before going to the other)
ok, but I need to set the stage so I can ask questions, how about we use generalities?  because the leasing company has sued me
it happens every time I ask for help
I think that about covers my questions at the moment. I now know where to go to ask these questions. Thank you
(Essentially, I'm not sure if there's a question left I don't know to ask).
I think that answers what I need for now.  If I have more questions may I come back later to this site?
I’ve got a specific public charge question. Where can I ask it?
Sure one more thing I needed to ask you about
Let's leave this open and i can ping you if a question comes up.  Thanks
Yes I am thanks for asking and hope you are doing the same as well
He needs to consult with a legal person to ask questions.
I have 2 inquires that I would like information on
i have one more question! sorry i forgot this one
Thanks. she has a newer form then the one I am looking at so questions are a bit off
Hi Michelle, this is Michael and I have only one question, if I may.
Ok. Thanks for your help. I don’t have any other questions.
Alright sorry for asking too many questions today ant thanks allot
I'm sorry about asking two different questions and I didn't give you a chance to respond to the first one.
If there is an office as part of the courts that I could call to ask questions about it
but that’s the only reason y I asked u about that I thought that was possible but thanks appreciate the help
Hello? im sorry one more question
Thank you, I will try them, as it is only a question, not any type of legal case.
idk if you need to ask questions that can help
Hi I have a few questions I don't know if you can help me.
One last question are they available on weekends from what you know??
Ok I would like to ask another question
Hello, I had a few questions, not sure if this is the right venue
I have 1 final question, if you don't mind
Hi im.shawn banks someone. From.leagal aid called me asked questions said would call back havent heard back
I’ve already read that I have questions it doesn’t cover
Good morning I just finished talking to somebody on here and I forgot to ask one more question
Ok thanks if I need help I can ask here
Thank you so much. Also I have another question maybe you can help me
I have a couple of questions, I'm hoping you'd be able to help
Hi Ashley I have a question and want to know my rights
thanks very much if I have more questions in near future can i cantact again?
That would be extraordinarily helpful. I have a stack of very specific questions already.
thank you so much. Can I ask you another questions?
I need to ask a legal representative a question maybe you can direct me.
She fixed it -- we're good.  Will be back if I have any substantive questions.
I asked for additional dates to do work and none were provided
hello is it possible to ask a question about a legal matter?  YES
Thanks wanted to ask question for advice
I was disconnected a few moments ago when I asked this question
got it. Thanks again. No more questions, have a great day.
(the first 2 questions are what they shared in the first 2 questions)
I don't think I have any more questions, thanks for your help
Ok, I'll look into that. Thank you.  One more question..
Oh ok thank you for your help i just have one more question
I can't walk up and ask for 1 of everything or can I?
now is fine, thank you so much. if any questions, will back to here ask your help.
I also have another question more of legal question
hi mike am I allowed to ask you a legal question
awesome thanks Blythe!  I'll let you know if we have any questions
It has never been this difficult to get help with this ask.
wanna like to ask you a questions
Please excuse me, I just noticed that I forgot to type "yes" prior to asking the question
