Thanks. I got that. Just not sure how to fill out the papers
Yes but my ex says he filed can I still file my own papers
Well , if her name was on the court papers and my dad had them - I would assume it was open .
I previously read this.  Are these required papers something your company would do?
the court said file papers on line
Also, can I get the paperwork online in the meantime? ... and will it be backdated?
Thank you I need to print out the paper work and fill it out I am upstate ny
But the paperwork with it was outdated so I'm not sure if the rest is aswell
Thank you. I dont have any other questions and I can start completing the paperwork. Thanks, again. Good night
i was just hoping somone can look over the papers i had to fill out
I have the papers but I have to change dates and address,can I cross out the dater and write a new one
but she never tried to get him the papers, if they are papers and just mailed to his old address
I am suing a bank and i need help with representation do you do that? or help with filing papers?
I would be, im confused as to how fill these papers out
I just can't seem to navigate the site to find where I can download the actual papers I need to fill out
And I need to file a court paperwork about it so I can get some type of Court going on on my phone
Can we get the order of protection online or get the papers online so we can fill them out before going to court
I don’t need a lawyer I can file the paperwork myself
I want to make sure I am doing the right thing when filling out this paper work
I already filed papers 3 weeks ago.  In case you didn't know,  the courts are closed for walk ins
Does that paperwork still stand true or is there suppose to be a new document
I want to make sure I'm doing paperwork right and that it gets there
Like can you help me with the paper that I have to fill out I will give you all my info
so once I download do I take the papers  to the court house once I fill them out
okay so i fill these papers out by hand then efile correct ?
Thank you. This is my first time filing papers
How can I print them from an iPhone. Do I use pdf doc?  What’s best?
I am filing EDDS and can't attach PDF file
don't need an attorney I can file the papers myself I just can't find them
with the papers I have it seemed to be printed out, written on and scanned.
I don't need help filing the papers
I need the link to print out paperwork for court
i need to know if court house is open for new cases like mines and if it’s possible to get the filing papers
Yes i know i could file but how can i now bring the papers to court?
ik my rights im trying to  file paperw
but I don’t think this will be difficult. Is there paperwork that I can just file in the court?
like online to fill out the paper work online
Oh ok I see so i will have to go to family court to fill in the paper then
However I have not heard from my lawyer whether the papers were filed
Hi I wanted to know if I can fill out paper work online ?
I visit the site and downloaded the papers but I need help to fill it out
I don't remember what the order said because it was put in motion 8 years ago and I don't have a copy of the paperwork
Can I fill out and return custody papers with out having my ID? I have my birth certificate as well as filled papers there before?
I'm seeking assistance with filing the proper paperwork
Don't i have a certain amount of time to file the papers
we arent sure cause he doesnt know anytyhing about it recieved the paper but didnt read it
I'm just starting out and have only been paid so much so I'm trying to fill out these papers
Ok so where do I file these papers with everything closed ?
Yes I got the court papers yesterday
First court date? I thought it was file papers and go once and it's done.
im just trying to file the correct paper work so i can get my kids
okay so if i am intending to pick up any papers from the court myself, what would i put?
how long do I have to file my answer after I receive the papers?
We are looking at the paperwork and wasn't sure which path to take
I’m not seeing a option to have the papers mailed to me
she said she needs to fill out paper work
Okay, there's no way to tell if paperwork has been filed yet then?
Is there any service that further explains how to fill out these papers. Im reading them and they seem a bit confusing
he want to file papers in court to see the judge
Will you be able help me figure out what paperwork to file based on my situation?
I have the papers to evict but I am worried about not filling them out correctly.
i filled out paper work online and I just need to send it
I need help don’t no how to get the paperwork
im sorry but ive looked through all the paper.
so I don't need a lawyer to fill these papers out?
She want me to sign release papers that I’m not ok with
i just need to know where to start. Ex. What papers I’ll need
Im needing to fill out paper work .Article 6 paper work
Ok. Can court papers also be faxed instead of mailing?
or can someone else file the paperwork with the court?
Would it be possible to share notes I typed up in a word document or pdf file?
Will it cost me anything to file the paperwork, yes that would be greatly appreciated
or is it must be printed on paper and hand written fill up ?
I need help to mail paperwork to the right address
I don't have access to a printer. Where do I go to pick up the papers?
If court papers aren't notarized are they legal?
No... court papers were filed by father today
im not sure if I can mail my papers to the court...
It is, but I'm looking for the actual paperwork to file with the court
I printed the papers a week or so ago, and of course lost them. I just need them again
Is it possible to tell me how long the proccess takes when i file this paperwork
I lost my job and do not know what papers I need to file. What papers would I need to print and file?
The paperwork is very confusing and I know I may need a lawyer to help me
im trying to file paper work myself
Ok. But its ok to print the papers and mail them in when they reopen? And then i will get a court date right?
He filled out the papers while he was incarcerated and she signed them but they was never returned to the courts to get them finalize
I want to make sure all the papers I need are correct and in order
so they get a piece of paper and dont read it
When I am done with the papers, what’s the next step?
So I just fill out the CS 4-11, save it as a pdf and then upload to EDDS
i have all the papers filled out and notarized i just don't know where to go
I would like to make sure I have all the legal paperwork
yes. I keep getting sent in circles. I just need help on which papers I file and where
Is the pdf website to print papers real?
So you said I can file the papers online and then they will contact me ?
So I still go to court to file paperwork ?
Are the  courts open now where you can go in and file the papers.
i need to get the correct papers to file and we can't seem to find them so we can print out
Just wanna make sure I print out the right papers
Can I do everything online or do I need to turn in the papers in person?
Just really looking to see what papers I will need to file with the court.
I have the papers. Just need assistance (free) in filling them out
I'm not sure, I got a whole bunch of papers in the mail...I'm not sure what to do
i know the phone number listed on the paperwork is medicaid
