Good Morning....I wanted some information regarding a lawyer for my husband who is incarcerated at the moment
Are there law clinics where legal advice is offered if a lawyer  isnt possible?
my court date schedule in 50 days, so can i represent my case in court. i done with the attorney fee.
Is the service fee based? They don't have bunches of money.
Where can i find free legal aid to help with my case?
I need to find a form for Substituted Service
Was only looking for advice on how to find a pro bono lawyer
What about pro bono services? I can't afford legal fees and i need help as soon as possible
I need a pro bono medical malpractice lawyer
Both. I am not sure if this is legal for them to do and if it's not I would like to speak with a lawyer.
MY RENT IS NOW PAID BUT THEY ARE CHARGING ME LEGAL FEES FOR BOTH MONTHS
Ok and I am deaf I need a lawyer who have experience with deaf people
The pone numbers that you provide are numbers to lawyers that can assist with my case
Also information on a pay pay account
I need help finding free legal aid
Ok i need legal aid assistance
Am I eligible for legal aid lawyer in case I need one
I read that you do not need a lawyer for small claims. Is that true?
Hi, I am looking to get free consultation from a criminal lawyer?
Helloi need free lawyer for my case
Thank you for all the information. Do you know if they provide pro bono ?
I need the new phone number to get a lawyer
I need a lawyer or some kind of legal help
Hi I need advice from a family court lawyer
Thank  you. Maybe a pro bono one
By the way, I do not mind to pay for a fee, but I do not have that much money
Hello. I am looking for a free civil lawyer
I would like some assistance in finding a lawyer to assist me with a subtenant holdover case in NYC.
I need a lawyer who will work for little to nothing. Do they exist?
Maybe open hours or something to that nature so they can talk to a lawyer about what they need
Can i get a free or low cost lawyer
I don't need a lawyer or to go to court ..is that correct?
That says elder law services for people 60 and over. I'm 58.
Lawyer thinks he's beyond approach.
do you know wwhat type of lawyer i should be looking for?
If it was a legit law firm would'nt you have information?
Hello need a free lawyer to assist in filing divorce papers
legal aid Lawyer for Family Court
I need assistance in completing the form. Is this a form completed by me, or a judge?
So do u know legal service for something like this?
Thank you. Do you know what categories of law I should research?
is this all free? and are there certain requirements for free legal help??
doesn't the state provide free legal aid?
i'm looking for free legal aid
One of them yes and I still paying the same amount
I am currently looking for like free family law legal advice
Is there a way to find a lawyer who offers pro Bono services?
Need workman’s comp lawyer
if you find lawyers who do pro bono work that woul dhelp me
Do legal aid have walk ins currently
what about foster parents attorney’s pro bono?
I need to know how can I get legal help
Now hes charging me the late fee on top of my rent every month is that legal?
Are you able to give me some leads for legal assistance
thank you. I think I need to speak to lawyer.
Thank you for your help. Do you know why Lawyers do not assist the patient in Hippa cases?
What to know if we can access legal aid help because my hubby has a low income job..
Are you accepting applications for pro bono volunteers for this site?
Thank you.  I would appreciate the contacts. But is it necessary to have a lawyer in these matters?
Ok I can do this through online and does this take me through the process of seeing if I can get free/low cost lawyer?
i wish we were able to give location cause you could find a lawyer near us
Ah-- that's great.  Thank you for volunteering!   Do you get pro bono hours credit for this work?
Im looking for pro bono education, preferrably college attorney.
I do need free legal aid. thank you.
The law changed in June. they just tell me to get a lawyer.
Would I be able to find free lawyer for Civil case
Do I get to speak to a lawyer live or just typing....??
They keep telling me there's no lawyer can help me.in court
can i tell the judge my concern or wait until i get the lawyer
I would like to know if I qualify for your free legal services
I just wan to talk wit my lawyer no one pick on phone...
I have already spoken with 7 law firms in the area
I'm looking for a lawyer for a civil case
Is there anything called Free legal help?
where I can get help without too much fee
public defendor says they are not authorized to assist
YES I NEED HELP IN FINDING A LAWYER
Do they have to give you notice on when they increase the late fees.
In the free legal services is there help for topics related to small businesses
I need help finding free legal services
Would the bar association have information about pro bono lawyers ?
I need a number for a pro bono lawyer
Yes I would like free legal service ,thank you
we don’t want legal fees for lawyers we agree on everything
I need help with a legal aid lawyer for shelter
Thank you for your help. I’ll try these organizations
Yes,  but my question is are they charging fees  base on your income
ok so what can I share with you so you can help me find legal resources that pertain to my specific needs?
Thank you very much I will try these places for legal assistance thank you
Is there a way a when this goes foward can a lawyer be provided to me ? Will u know that
RecentlyNY changed from Echilds pay to Expert Pay
yes, i'm aware. i need to know if she still has to pay that fees even after she had the sole custody.
Perfect, yes, we need legal resources to share with people
Okay do you help find lawyers in regards to a case
Hello.I may need a broboni lawyer.
But as i am disabled an inexpensive type of lawyer woukd be useful.
Hi I was wondering if I qualify for legal aid
my friend got one, do I need a lawyer?
he would be the defendent, will he able to get a free lawyer
I am not interested in what your website can provide. I guess I will call legal aid.
Secondly, are these businesses inclined to provide this kind of pro bono help?
I need an advice on a civil case can you help me find a pro bono lawyer
We don't have money to cover the expensive legal fees
thanks, I dont need legal help
is there a list of Pro Bono atty's for this case?
I need to find criminal defense lawyer
Hi, I think I I need a lawyer. Can you help me?
I don't know if they will charge me any fee? how much it is gonna be do you know ?
I’m looking for legal help to assist me in the court
Give me the information about the free legal services
are they expensive though? I can't afford attorney fees :(
How do I go about getting a pro bono lawyer for my case
Are there lawyers that assist ppl like myself. I certainly can not afford one
Were you able to find any consumer law firms?
I am her closest relative but can't afford exorbitant fees
I mean is one of these organizations preferable to another?
I cannot afford fees that were 20 times per hour what I was earning.
And if I end up having to go to court how do I go about getting a lawyer ?
Can I get access to a lawyer for a free consultation?
Im willing  to pay $30 fee
I think it's best if l do talk to a lawyer . one that is probono if possible.
I need help I’m a special needs persons and I need  help finding a lawyer
I haven't Money for a Lawyer I had a Lawyer in the Past It was Free the mental Hygeine Legal Service
90% of my check goes to fees , by any arrears are met , it’s 30 dollars
Do I need a lawyer for this?  Do I have to pay court fees?
Are they talking about a large law firm pro bono referral stream?
i need a list of pro bono family law lawyers
And its for store pick up. The store closed. They charge late fee. And late fee.
Okay, you think I need to get a lawyer?
I am looking for free legal advice on a cyber incident that occurred. Would you be able to send me possible lawyers who could assist?
Ok. Do you know of any lawyer's in my area to help me with this matter?
Thank you appreciate it...is there a site I can chat with a lawyer about this?
Ok is there any free legal assistance in Ontario that can further assist me that you know of? I’m currently Unemployed.
It would be very nice if you had a lawyer who speaks Russian
now my landlord wants me to pay legal fees and late fees
i doubt i would qualify for pro bono or low income help.  is that the only type of lawyers on this site?
he contacted a lawyer and they told him that the woman always win so there is no point
I will read it, however the judge said not with the new laws.
I want to know how I can find a lawyer for criminal case
I need to speak with a lawyer who is free help
Yes but I need a pro bono lawyer asap
hi, can you help me? I think I need a lawyer.
I am a veteran as well if there are any organizations in the area that help veterans.
Please assist me free civil lawyer
Need help on what to do how to find a medical malpractice lawyer ?
Do you have any pro bono legal centers listed?
I dont know what to do or how to go about finding a lawyer
I am trying to see if I qualify for legal aid
I need my lawyer to present i need my phone
Hi, I am looking for free lawyer that will help me with my civil court case
YES,  AND SHE SAID SINCE THIS HAS HAPPEN  MORE THAN ONCE I HAVE TO PAID THIS ADDITIONAL FEE.
what/who type of lawyer would i seek?
Looking for a free lawyer that can help my fiance.
I would like to know if I'm qualified for th eleagal assistance?
Maybe a lawyer since a few organizations turned me down.
Does it list every pro bono agency
also im looking for a free lawyer to speak to about the case
Do you know of any probing services available to us?
Can this site also get me some names  lawyers
i need assistance finding a pro bono lawyer for an estate
Is it possible to get help finding a pro bono lawyer for medical malpractice?
i also could use a real lawyer not a public defender
Are there any pro bono lawyers that help with this kind of stuff?
Hi, can you help me? i think I need a lawyer.
No I wasn’t looking for a lawyer I was looking for information for the court
Legal like a pro bono lawyer
so can u help me find a lawyer near me
I need free legal assistance is this free
Are these legal aid family court lawyers
Ok I will try one of these lawyers thank you
i want my name cleared and fees dropped
Well I need to know how to get a lawyer I guess, for cheap or free
I have a situation that I am seeking a pro bono lawyer or a lawyer that is familiar with the Justice Center
I'm looking for a probono probate lawyer i i think.
Are there any free legal services for this kind of thing?
I also wanted to find a free legal aid
The judge told my ex he needed a lawyer on the first day of court.
So I would like a lawyer dealing in this specific county
Hello I'm looking for legal service to assist me with getting benefit
I'm Iooking for info on how to get a court fee waived
I’m looking for a lawyer to help me with my case
yes i need pro bono lawyers thank you very much
I need a lawyer in the United States of America
are u able to find us a pro bono lawyer?
and what should I expect ? Is there any free or affordable legal aid that can assistant me and come with me .
Do you also have a list of lawyers in Westchester County who do pro bono work?
I am looking for a no-fee lawyer to help, that would be great.
Do you know if they offer pro bono services
you know of any law firms that could help me pro bono?
Hello, I have a co-guardianship proceeding and I lack finances.  Are there any organizations that can help me pay my legal fees?
I need a hard working lawyer for my drug case
I need help finding a free legal aid to assist me
im behind on my rent and she is charging me late fees that she had never done
I am looking for a lawyer to help me in a case. Can you help?
Real estate and big lawyer film
Maybe there is some lawyer who is providing consultation online
she has no representation and I want to knwo if there is any fee help she can get
very briefly but never follow up since I cannot afford the fees
Are you able to refer me to a pro bono attorney?
Will it be best to get married or consult with a lawyer first
I see that you can help me find free legal aid
Would you know if these organizations also work with Young Adult Persons?
Okay. Would the bar association help me find a probono lawyer of needed
Are there medical malpractice or medical neglect lawyers also .
I was wondering how my dad can get a lawyer to assist him in his court custody case.
I'm looking to find a right lawyer for the case
i didn't see anything about late fees
Sure that could be very helpful if you can provide me with free legal assistance
It’s their a lawyer who can offer me free advice on the matter
I dont have legal aid , I looking for  one
Yes if I can get a legal aid lawyer that would be great.
I need to.find a free lawyer to assist me in family.court
these are income base and low fee lawyers, right?
Yes I need free legal resources
I assumed he didn't pay all the amount due
a ROCHESTER NY pro bono lawyer would be fine or near that area?
Can I have a phone number of a lawyer who speaks Spanish...Thank you,
I have a male practice case and need to talk to find a lawyer
Ok, Do you have any others because I believe I called legal aid
I have done the math , with FEE payments alone I would have paid off all arrears .
Would you have information on any lawyers that have military background ?
Can they force me to go back to work and if so...what kinda pay could I ecpect?
Is there a lawyer that can help me low in charge or pro bono?
I'm looking for a lawyer who can help me with small estate account for my brother
now i just want to know the infor where he probably would get free lawyer, then i will call
Hello, Can you refer me to a pro bono lawyer for a legal concern in New York?
Yes they were working with a Lawyer but he cannot remember any of the lawyer's information
And the payment plan would be to pay off the arrears?
i need different ones. those organizations didn't help me at all.
Are there inexpensive lawyers that can help me in the court room.
Ahh I see. Going through a lawyer first may be the best course of action at this point?
Ok , thank you , I need free or low cost lawyer or pre- bono
is there a number for a lawyer i can speak with for legal advice
He is threating me to charge me $25.00 +$5.00 a day late fees
Can I get help form any pro bono?
I'm needing to find a pro Bono lawyer for my daughter
I am looking for lawyer to open new business
(any free legal service providers from our site?)
I need to find a pro bono lawyer
Pro bono  lawyer would be great
I would like to know if I can see a social worker or if there are organizations that can help me
who pose as lawyers when i call law firms
OK, so can you provide (inexpensive) lawyers to assist?
how do I find a pro bono real estate lawyer?
This I will tell the judge. Of course, the findings are for the courts.
I came yesterday because I need help to find a lawyer
what is my issue?? health law ?? civil rights?  Privacy??
i wanted to know if the lawyers are for people with low income are they free
Can you assist me with finding free legal service to fix this
I need to speak to a lawyer who has correct knowledge
YES I did. I guess a lawyers on the site are they free ?
I’m looking for a pro bono lawyer. New York City Bar Association Said you may be able to help.
Im looking for a free lawyer or a low cost lawyer who specialize in car shops.
also where can i find a lawyer pro bono?
Hi I'm looking for a lawyer im the tendent
i would like to know how I can get legal help.
I'm looking for free legal help.
Does your firm help disabled people with their disability benefits?
hello, my friend  she is looking for an pro-bono legal help
Do you know how much will the fee cost for the attorney?
Hi, I think I need a lawyer, can you help me?
are theere any lawyers that work pro bono
it’s so hard to find a pro bono lawyer
Thank You very much from the bottom of my heart for helping me......    One last thing how can I get a new lawyer?
Are you able to help me find a lawyer I need for my situation
Looking for lawyer for a criminal case that helps people with low income
nowhere on that page does it say to change way of pay etc...
I actually need information on how i can I do pro bono work.
Don't you have lawyers who could give me advice
my friend got one.  Do I need a lawyer to get one?
I don't have a job so I am looking for an affordable lawyer.
I understand there is a list of lawyers who can provide free first consultations?
Yes I need to find a lawyer who is willing to help me for free or for a relatively low fee
I am looking for a pro bono lawyer or a charity lawyer to help with a criminal case
Are law group better than firms or finding individual lawyers?
I'm searching for a free legal service
Im trying to go online and pay fee
If I can get a free lawyer to help that will be great
Thank you, is there any pro bono attorneys that you may be able to refer me to?
I’m looking for a lawyer to assist me with amending a justice center finding
Do you know of any pro bono lawyer that is familiar with this?
Ok. Now legally would I need a lawyer present or can I do this alone
Im looking to find a lawyer to help with this.
Are there legal aid resources and free legal assistance for this
hello i need to get an appilication for a lawyer
What legal assistance through Legal Aid to help protect myself?
The lawyer I used doesnt practice anymore and I dont have any papers
Issues related to it I need a lawyer to go forward with the situation
Which they’re are continuously charging late fees
Yes. I’m even willing to pay a fee.
hi, can you help me? i think i need a lawyer.
superceding a current will dont know lawyer for current one
Cab you assist with connecting with a court appointed lawyer ?
I am looking for a lawyer called Linda Diaz
i am also on public assistance do I still have to pay that amount?
I don't think so at this time. I'm mostly looking to speak with a lawyer about my situation specifically.
I think my current lawyer for what it costs is not worth it
Yes I need assistance with a free lawyer
I guess can you just give me the name of a lawyer who will actually return a call
Thank you! Are there similar organizations to legal aid that provide these services?
Yes we need free legal services.
Hi I am in need of a Realestate litigation lawyer
I have another question...I have to pay to those lawyers????... Do I have to go back to USA???
Hello I need help finding a probono lawyer
a lawyer in northern ny who i could talk to about this
Also how do i go about finding a pro bono lawyer
sure i believe it is a civil rights lawyer
I don't want to pay fee for attorney
No I don't think so. Would legal aid help me with this?
I need to find a lawyer to take my case on contingency
Ok no problem and  can i do that without a lawyer ? cause i dont have one
Talk to a Lawyer - the Cooperstown one you listed and legal aid
My situation has some unique details and I'd like to talk to a lawyer about it
Yes. Do you have lawyers that will take pro bono cases
he works for clients, they pay him.  He's construction worker
Lawyer however I got a new phone
hi, can you help me, i think i need a lawyer
thanks. any private practice lawyers with probono time?
ok i am looking for free legal aid
ok, Thank You for your Help. Is it possible to phone the Lawyer?
he was behind 7 month and he was order to pay about maybe 2 months on retroactive
Ok give me the information about the free legal services
you're not the judge/court, i'm well aware of that
Yes. Is there legal assistance for permanently disabled workers?
Also, if I do need to go to court. Do I need a lawyer?
is there a web site to get a low cost layer or a court lawyer?
I need help. Dont know if i even need a lawyer just looking for advice
How do I get a copy of the court papers.  The lawyer I used is no lomnger practicing
Looking to find capacity of free lawyer to help with an evection case. I’m the Tenet
I want to know if I can get a free lawyer
I am not sure how to proceed and I definitely need a lawyer
I am looking for a lawyer who may help me on court day
Hello! I need tom find a lawyer's phone number
but I lost my job since Feb 2020 and want to know if there are free lawyer that could assist me?
I will call. Legal law service thanks
its ok. I will call this one organization i found. Thanks again
Not sure about the lawyer unless it's pro bono
I also need information on legal aid
Thank you....do any of these groups do pro bono?
I will try them now - thank you for the information. Do you know if there would be a way to locate information about my lawyer?
So im looking for a lawyer that can help me with this situation
Yes. Can you find a lawyer for Senior citizens   70 year old?
Looking For Free Legal Aid Near Me
Ok so how can and what are the different way you can help me find a lawyerm
Do you have any list of that kind of lawyer in the Yonkers area.  Or do i just look up family law lawyer?
I am mostly looking for a free legal aid
if I was in third world country I would have found a lawyer by now
I also need help find a legal aid lawyer
I would like to file a divorce in queens. I would like to connect with a lawyer who can assist me with the process
I may need pro bono or legal aid services
Is there any lawyers that would be able to assist,  on my my criminal matter,  issue..
Hi, can you please help me find the lawyer that assisted me in the past? My name is Freddy McCoy
Since she is unemployed and has been since 2012, sounds like there should be free legal assistance somewhere.
can you provide information on pro bono legal assistance programs?
Hi, I am trying to see if I qualify for legal aid
Possibly, the list of organizations, are they known for doing Pro-Bono work?
Ok thank you...do I have to pay or is free.
OK, I will come Monday.  Thank you so much for the service you provided me.
also are there any probono lawyers that can assist my mother
Legal Aid, Volunteer lawyers Project, Neighborhood Legal Services
Do you have any independent pro bono criminal lawyers
I have to probate a will. How can I find out if I’m being charged to much for lawyer fees?
i would like a court fee dismissed
I’m very sorry just needed to know if I needed a particular lawyer
I need a list of probono lawyers please that can assist with surrogates court matters
If I would like a free lawyer, would you provide me with some
Thank you, organizations would be helpful as well.
i can't afford the atty fees because i'm unemployed
i need a criminal defense lawyer for advice
they found that on past records but i dont know how i always paid on time.
Hi. i need to find a lawyer's phone number
Is there a way to find out if I qualify for free legal assistance here
Okay, I’ll check out that service. Thank you for your help.
Is there specific lawyer I need to file against New York State ?
Is it possible to pay a lawyer lowered fees?
Hello, I'm looking for a very good lawyer for will/probate
I need to find some one that will come.to court and be my lawyer ,
I know you cant act as my lawyer the pro bono one i have has done zip
Hi ...do you have listings of pro bono lawyers in my area?
Are there any pro bono service if I do not quality for low income?
Yes. I'm interested in a pro bono service
The website has a glitch that won't let me choose the type of    lawyer    I need...
I need a lawyer who can assist me with filing a divorce
I am a social worker, attemting to assist a client.
hi, can you help me? I think I need a lawyer
Ok as long I don’t have to pay attorney fee
Yes. I need free legal help
Do you think it is best for me to get a lawyer or is this going to be easy.
i need help finding a pro Bono lawyer
I’m looking for legal aid service’s
I can see the groups that offer remote services.
I would like to get a free lawyer and speak to them
Hi hanna- you help to find free legal services?
Legal Aide Society housing Law Practice, is that an agency or section of the law?
Another one is: are lawyer fees paid in payments?
Can you get me free lawyers in May area
The access to Benefits Helpline  is where I can make an appointment to see a lawyer?
Hello! We are seeking for pro bono lawyer.
What I need is a lawyer familiar with this type of issue
I need help finding a free pro bono lawyer
also they said they going to assign my son a lawyer, will i hear from lawyer before next date
May I have those low cost lawyers.  100% disabled veteran
are there all free legal service? i am able to afford a little attorney fee but not a lot
I need a lawyer that can help me get out of a tricky situation
the opposing counsel's lawyer wants legal fees from me.  The reasons of which, I feel to baseless - mostly
that's good  :)  are there any others?  in my experience, not all free legal services organizations are created equal
Calling expert pay, I think I made payments through them
Can you provide the website that i can find the statues of the New york law
not advice but lawyers I could see sorry
I'm looking for  an inexpensive legal advice service or commercial  lawyer
Hello, is it possible to consult a lawyer somehow, or a law student?
can you just tell me who can qualify for free legal aid?
I'm not sure if you would provide lawyers for this type of issue.
I think I need a harassment’s lawyer ASAP.
I'm disabled & looking for a probono probate lawyer
I do, but hopefully a lawyer from one of those two organizations can dig deeper. Thanks again!
..searched men’s rights organizations
I never got any papers and my lawyer isnt in practice anymore
Are there any free volunteer lawyers in my area to help me?
Im looking to find a free lawyer
I think that's it unless there are any similar organizations
But my sponsor is not responsible for me financially? Have to provide healthcare?
I don't qualify for free legal services
my MD legal aid can't help with that.
Are these lawyer free..can l go to Queens legal service to help my brother
do u know any lawyers site which is legal site
is it possible to have a pro bono lawyer attend court with me? any programs or services available?
Are there any civil rights lawyer in NYC. That area has very good lawyers
That's ok. Where I work will probably give me a lawyer. This is a nonprofit agency.
I am looking to find the correct type of lawyer
Nassau Suffolk Law services I think
That’s why I need a real state lawyer
We are thinking about getting married but I would like to consult with a lawyer to do things the right way
I need help finding a pro bono lawyer for civil court case
