I owe some back rent and I can't pay
I haven’t had gas for 2 months and have continued to pay rent.
sure.  i lost my job in march, and i haven't been able to pay rent for the last 4 months;
total rent is about 1200 I'm paying 900 woman renting to me said nothing
There are charity organizations to help for money to pay rent
I can't afford a lawyer, I can't pay my rent!
i need help paying back rent
Is she not supposed to pay me part of rental income and also pay me money because she is living there for free?
He doesn't wants to pay rent neither live
my friend got one for help with back rent
haven't been able to pay rent since april
He told my boyfriend he paid a month but he hasn't shown prove of paying the rent,  so we don't know what to do.
Sure. I lost my job back in March and I haven’t been able to pay rent in months
I have't paid rent in 3 months
yes, my friend got one to help pay with back rent
and the judge made a final order for me to pay $350 a month which i can't even afford
my friend got one to help with back rent
I need help paying back rent
says that you withold, and then must pay rent once it's fized
The only proof is that shes been the one paying the rent for all these years
thank you. the rent is paid to me as the person who owes the money has dementia and unable to understand
for help with back rent I can't pay
i lost my job and i can't keep paying rent
i've lost my job and I can't afford my rent anymore. i don't know if i can stay in my apt
he just come to get rent every month
i haven't been able to pay rent in months
i lost my job last april, and I haven't been able to pay rent in the last 5 months
Ok. I need help asap.  I have been paying my rent since entering rehab in march.
I finally got a new job, but I won't be able to pay the owed rent
I'm not homeless or behind in rent I'm looking for a apartment
I was lied too to get me to rent apartment u can't do that
He wants me to pay 90 days worth of rent
because he never pays rent, living in my house as he was my boyfriend but not anymore...
He never paid rent or any cost for living
They want full rent ..plus june
i haven't been able to pay rent for the last 5 months
Hello, I need help to pay my rent
My friend got one to help pay back rent
I'm having trouble paying my portion of the rent.
(pay 3 weeks of rent instead of 4)
I lost my job at a restaurant due to Covid and haven’t been able to pay rent since April
We haven't paid any rent since the start of the pandemic. We owe a ton.
I can't pay my back rent, how am I going to pay for a private atty
I've lived here for 3 years and paid my rent on time
I can't pay back rent, but I can pay going forward
That's what I was doing to help with the amount I don't have to pay my rent
i lost my job 6 months ago and I havent been able to pay my rent
yes, i need help paying back rent
We paid a deposit and first months rent
i couldnt pay rent pandemic period,not me not my wife were working
I can pay the rent again, but I can't pay those 6 months that i was out of work
How can I get 1 month rent assistance?
What organization help to pay rent for elderly?
I'm worried b/c rent was due yesterday
i lost my job about 6 months ago, and i haven't been able to pay rent in 4 months
Because she lost her job last week. Plus do l give her 2 month free rent.
they don’t want to pay the rent because they know I cannot evict them
HE IS NOT PAYING THE RENT, ALWAYS LATE, AND I DONT WANT TO RENT ANYMORE AND PLUS THE BASEMENT IS NOT LEGAL
but since I’m the only one paying rent
i can’t pay back rent but I can pay going forward
Paid her rent, bought supplies for her and my daughter
They were not given a copy and didnt pay first months rent.
I am in need for a lawyer to help me get help in getting help in getting my rent payed.
i can't pay back rent, but i can pay going forward
and haven’t paid rent in r months
How can I get help to pay my rent this month
Yes thank you is there any way I can get help with paying the amount of rent because we can't afford it
i can't afford to pay an attorney. I'm not even living in my apartment but still have to pay rent now.
in this pandemic situation and consequently the rent burden
I am  sub letting a bedroom to someone who doesn't pay the rent  what can I do
I was out of a job, and I now have one, but I can't pay the back rent
i can pay rent going forward, but not what i owe. I was sick and out of work for a while
yes, to help pay back rent that i owe
How can I get help to get money for rent ?
I would part time and need assistance with my rent.
I can't pay all the back rent i owe
any relief for rent for seniors -70 plus?
i lost my job a while back, and I haven't been able to pay my rent for months
I need help to pay back rent
They have stopped paying there portion of the rent and contributing to the utility bills
So I wanted to know how best she can get help to pay for the rent
i haven't' been able to pay rent in the last four months
i could pay rent going forward
my rent was raised for oct 2020 i will have to pay more
I have back rent I can’t pay at this moment
I can't pay my rent how can I pay a lawyer?
My rent will be increased by 175.00 which i will not be able to pay.
I can’t pay back rent, but I can pay going forward
I work every day, from Monday to Monday delivering food. I haven't been making enough money even for the rent that is overdue.
wait! even if the parent is incarcerated they can have to pay at least $25 a month?
she is not paying rent. the dupleix would bring $3700/month if she was not in it. i rent
My ex is rich and I am struggling to pay rent
Hi I have a question I have small bar  that because the covid-19 I can't pay my rent
Just a question, I have a court date for not paying rent. But I just paid it what do I need to do
Yes I haven’t paid rent in 4 months
I paid rent for March and could not access space for 2-weeks in March.
I have not paid my rent for the past 3 months.  Where can I look on line to
i haven't been able to pay rent the last 4 months
my friend got one to help pay back rent
We have always paid rent so that's no issue.
i lost my job a few months back and i havent been able to pay rent
no, I need help paying back rent
i haven't been able to pay rent in the last few months
