I would like to know where  I can get an example of a summons and complaint to combat  a nonjudicial foreclosure on my coop
Hi! I received a foreclosure summons and would like to submit my reason... I do not know how to go about that?
how long after the court issues a forclosue is a sale date set
i would like to purchase a property from Foreclosure auction in manhattan. I would like to prepare my down payment checks.
Will the bank that is foreclosing on my home go after any proceeds from my husbands land.
I live in suffolk country and need a lawyer that can help me in foreclosure issue.
I need to speak with someone about a foreclosure proceeding against my property in Franklin County NY
Good morning, I was wondering how I could get information on monies leftover from a foreclosure auction? To see if and what is there.
I lost my paperwork that had my foreclosure court date on it
your window for shat shows on the foreclosure program
pls can you share the site/link to look up foreclosure status?
Okay, which court handles foreclosure, is it the Supreme, or civil?
Hi! I am looking for an attorney that can help with a foreclosure of a property that is in trust where I am the trustee
I’m trying to get a free foreclosure attorney or assistance
Hi I’m searching for a foreclosure attorney in my area pro bono
I am looking for resources to prevent/stop foreclosure for senior citizen in Suffolk County.
My family and I need help in filling out court documents on a foreclosure case
We are very far in but we never received any documents to answer a foreclosure case
I was just chatting with someone lost connection I was served with foreclosure not3
I haven't been given a foreclosure complaint, I am not the one who has the loan, the foreclosure does not affect me
i have a quick question. Where can i go online to see foreclosure properties that have an auction date in my county
I would ike to go to the auction in the court to sell foreclosure properties.
I have quick question I’m looking to buy some foreclosed properties where do I find the list of houses
I have a question about proceeds from sale of a foreclosed property
How do I locate a foreclosure for my home in Nassau County
Stop foreclosure find real estate
hello, how can I find New York County Foreclousure lists?
I am facing foreclosure and have been told the mortgage may be predatory
Good Morning, I need the fax number for Suffolk County foreclosure settlement conference part
I am intersted in the date base to search for  a forclouser  summons
Sorry should have typed foreclosure actions not supposed to happen...
I received a summons of foreclosure on my dad's house.
Have a foreclosure case tomorrow and don’t know how to answer it or what to do
yes i bought it 28 years ago but lost at foreclosure in may2019
when an estate goes into foreclosure and one of the heirs disagrees with the other two heirs wanting to buy it. what would happen next
This is in regards to a foreclosure conference that is scheduled for tomorrow
Do I need to have a lawyer for a settlement conference on a foreclosure issue.
Good afternoon, where can i get a list of scheduled forcloure properties in richmond county
I just need to locate a form that is an intent to sign in lieu of foreclosure
Thanks. Is there a way to search the court cases in Dutchese county by foreclosure
I'm looking to find details on a foreclosure auction that happened  on 9/25/2018; index no.  Qn 2016 / 705216
hello, how do i find an index # and court process for a foreclosure
Im trying to find out how do I obtain foreclosure records from 2015
Stop foreclosure for Real Estate, sorry that's what I meant to say.
how can I answer the foreclosure program interactive when I was never served???
What form do I use to answer a complaint for a tax lien foreclosure ? answering it myself without an attorney
Bringing order to show cause in foreclosure on Staten Island where do I bring it ? What court ?
How do I find out my next court date?  Are the foreclosure courts open?
There is a pending foreclosure case..Robby Short as the defendant....I need the index number please
No, I am intersted to know Where can I find a summons filed for forclouser
how would I file a motion for surplus funds in a foreclosure
Hi Olivia,  I would like to know how to specifically go about claiming any surplus monies from a foreclosure auction with Kings County NY
I received a foreclosure notice on my moms house which me and my brother are in charge of
It’s not a foreclosure propelled. I have minor children. I want to protect the home for my mother to care for them
I repeat, will there be a filing fee for a Pro Se filing of an answer to complaint in foreclosure?
From what I can determine the bank has filed this foreclosure as an electronically document.
i was trying to find out if I have a court date schedule  this is regarding foreclosure proceedings
good aftrnoon where can i find an updated list of forclousre properties in richmond county
not for current foreclosure actions, but something around 2010
Hi. I have a question regarding an auction foreclosure
Now I’m afraid that they are taking the steps necessary to foreclose on my property. Once again I can not afford an attorney
I need help with a home foreclosure in Allegany county NY
I’m needing help on a foreclosure situation
I am getting letters from Lawyers (wanting me to hire them) because of a forclosure process that was started
i heard that my building is being foreclosed and i don't know what to do
would you happen to know the status of a scheduled foreclosure sale that was supposed to be held on March 9th 2020?
my bank stated they found a listing of closure foreclosure showing in public records: 6/5/13 – 3245 91st Apt 410 E Elmhurst, NY
I haven't received anything since the initial notice of foreclosure
where can I find the amount of surplus funds of a foreclosure auction case in the files?
My house is in foreclosure auction Wenesday is there a way to stop it
I am seeking help on do I have a right to file a complaint about not receiving adequate notice of the foreclosure.
I was served foreclosure  papers late Feb of this year.
Judgement of Foreclosure and Sale signed how long till sale date issued
I need help in getting and completing the forms for: answering foreclosure complaint
can you please tell me how I would know when foreclosure is completed
Can a mortgage  servicer foreclosure on a previous banks 6 year old summons and complaint
My house was foreclosed last week. I need help
I need help with my home foreclosure in Allegany county ny
can you tell me if there is a website to view Richmond county foreclosure actions?
I'm trying to find someone who can help give me options to save my house from a tax foreclosure
Hello my home foreclosed in 2015 and I need copies of the foreclosure
Hello I been having trouble since my mother pass need to get a lawyer house n pre foreclosure been trying since April no will
My house is in foreclosure as of March 4th and I am trying to save it
A court case? I didn't ever go to court for this just trying to stop the house from being foreclosed and switch it over
oh i am sorry    Yes agree to diclamer
Gm we have been served with foreclosure papers and need help
I need to know how to find an index for a foreclosure case because I misplaced it
what does SLR mean next to my name in a ny foreclosure (defendant)
Good morning.  I'm in dire need for help with a forclosure
I need legal assistance in a foreclosure case
can you help me navigate this site to view foreclosure for sales or properties up for auction?
In real estate foreclosure auctions, who are the bank checks will be made out to in NYV
I'm looking for legal assistance to help me through the foreclosure process. I have received a summons and complaint.
I was served a summons that my dads house may go into foreclosure.  What do I do next.  I am an heir.
Hi, do you guys offer any type of help with homeowner that may confront foreclosure soon for back property taxes?
Yes.  What would be the process for  a lienholder or principal of the property foreclosed
I am in Queens...  I just wanted view the motions and the progress that is current in regards to the foreclosure online.
Hello. I'm trying to find when I have to go to court to deal with a foreclosure proceeding. How do I look up the case?
Good morning, how much time do I have to file a claim regarding a foreclosure sale of my home but never received my money
What website can I view to see how my foreclosure is progressing?
