Thank you so much for the help may God bless you !
Thank you so much for your time and patience please stay safe.
Shannon, please hang on one more minute...
Ok great. Thank you. Have a great day and God bless.
Yes please. Are they expensive services? Or are they free?
Thx you very much for your great help God Bless Stay Safe.
Yes, please. Thank you so much for your help
Yes please I will love to get some help
please ill wait, thank you i thought nothing could be done
Ok sure and big thanks BE BLESS
help me in finding free legal help please
Yes please. Cuz I don’t know what to do.
If yes, thanks and God Bless You! Be safe
GREATLY appreciate your assistance, have a blessed day.. I will keep trying..
no other questions, thank you for trying and your time.  please stay healthy and safe.
Thank you so much, God bless you and be safe and healthy
appreciate the time , stay safe and stay blessed sir
Its ok please take your time 🙂
Yes, please, that would be helpful. Thank you
please let me finish i type slow
please stay safe and have a blessed day !
Please take your time. I am here. I prepared ahead of time so it was easier for me.
Yes absolutely thank u so much. God bless u!! Have a good n blessed night
Yes please I would like a list
Thank you so very much Michael! Please have an awesome day!
please to be low cost or free help
No problem, please let me know if there is anything else I can help with
Thank you for your valuable time I'll have some work to do. Stay healthy and God bless
Ok thank you so much have a wonderful blessed day
yes we had found that thank you. Please let me know if you find anything else
Please stay safe, be well and Thank you!
Okay please thank u I appreciate that
(great, please hold a few minutes while I finish up)
Yes please that would be helpful this way if I have any other issues I can call or go there
That would be helpful, yes please, thank you
Good! Thanks a lot. Have a blessed year
Free legal services would be most helpful. Yes, please.
yes, please i dont know anything about my soon for the past month
Thank you!! Yes, please I would appreciate that.
how to get the free help? can you please tell me that?
Thank you very much for your help, have a blessed day.
please let me know my rights here because this seems completely unfair and inappropriate
Thank you and God bless you. No that would be all. Bye bye.
Thank you so much, you giving me hope for my son. Thank you so again. God bless.
oh awesome yes please and thank you
Okay thank you and yes please that would be great
ok please get me to them immediately thank you!
Yes please that would be a great help. Thank you
Please thank you. I greatly appreciate whatever number or organization you could provide me with.
OK thank you so much u have been awesome and helping me. Thank you and have a blessed day.
ok thats great god bless you   yes
I appreciate every lead I can get, god bless you and stay safe
please help me to check it again. much appreciated
Ok , well thank u, and stay safe God bless
but any other alternatives I'd gladly accept please.
Please the first option did not work out well
Thank you very much. This helps. Have a blessed night.
Ok ill figure out the rest....  thanks so much for your time i gladly appreciate you GOD BLESS
thanks so much again please stay safe
That was all for today. Thanks and please stay safe!
Please do, I really don't know what to do anymore.
Ok how please I don't want to bring him
Yes please I’d really appreciate that.
Please wait. And don’t type for a minute
Thank you. I will follow-up with what you've given me. Please stay safe. Thanks again
I see. Thank you so much for your time. God bless you. Stay safe
Can you please  kindly let me know what do I need to do ?
yes please I need legal services please
I need free legal services. Please help me.
No you done enough,may you have a blessed day! Thank you again
Yes, I understand and would like to continue please.
sure, please give me a moment to type
Ok yes please!  I knew you could if you could not help
Ok thank you so very much .. Please stay safe..
yes please. Anything that can help at this point.
Yes please I would certainly appreciate it.
Yes, please and thank you. I would really appreciate that.
ok, thank you again. Please stay safe....
Perfect. Thank you so very much for your time and please have a blessed day.
OK, THANK YOU VERY MUCH. HAVE A BLESSED DAY
yes thank you very much have a blessed day
Oh please yes that would be great
Thanks please have a great day and stay safe..
Please tell me how I can use this service to get legal information
No thank you please take care and be safe
“Yes please” and thank you in advance for your service to the community.
Thank you so much! God Bless and keep safe.
Thank you Nicole and God bless you and thank you again and again and again thank you so very much and have a great night !
Please don't be sorry you've offered me a great service you've given me back hope
True, thank you for your help.  Have a blessed day.
And you as well!! Again God bless and have a wonderful day.
No that is it thank you so much You've been a wonderful help stay safe and have a blessed day
Thank you for your help. God bless and stay safe
Can you please help me find free legal services
No - you have been most helpful! Thank you and please stay safe!
No you have helped me so much.  God bless and keep safe.
Wow. Yes please! Thank you so much for your help!
I need urgent assistance if possible please
please it will be great if you would help her in this hard times
