Hi ..any way am I able to just get legal advice?
I'm not sure you will be able to help me but I need advice.
I need legal advice in regards to the situation that I am currently in.
I need legal advice regarding the situation im in right now
I live in monroe county and I'm wondering if I can get legal advice for free
Hi. I can't seem to find free legal advice about a specific situation.
I would like advice on a legal matter
yes we would like free legal advice ThankYou
of you can help me to find someone who can give me legal advice
What advice can lawhelpny.org provide if not legal advice?
I do not want legal advice.  I want to know where this website got it's information
I need to find legal advice for a court case
I need free legal services, specifically advice at the moment
Are they able to give free advice though?
I'm wondering if seeking legal advice is the right way to go.
i understand you cant give legal advice
And Is there anyone that I can speak with about free legal advice when filing?
Yes I need a free legal advice
I know you can't give legal  advice but am I being over charched
Well sure, I’ll be waiting. Cause I really do need some advice on this situation
hello, i have a legal issue and not sure how to pursue it. Where can i get free or low fee legal advice about it?
i guess i do not see it as legal advice, but how the process works
Also do have any free legal advice points?
I was wondering where i could find free legal advice to get help with my situation and see what is best to do
thank you i would be happy with advice i will try all thank you
I'm sorry,  thank you for your time. I will pursue with your advice.
I’m going to do that today but I need legal advice on. How to get my money back
I’m looking for legal advice with a work situation .
Are there any places that offer free advice, by any chance?
i need two different courses of advice
Actually my question may be advice, i'm not sure
So I can just call them and state my problem, and they will provide free legal advice for my situation?
I need an advice to help me learn what I shall do.
Or would this be considered giving me advice or telling me “what to do” ?
Understood. How could I get free legal advice?
Someone I can call to give me legal advice.
Hi Lindsey, I'm a little overwhelmed. I was hoping that you could pint e in the direction of someone who could offer me immediate advice...
Yes that’s exactly what I need I’m just not sure where to look for advice
I need help to find legal advice at low or free cost
Oh was looking for advice never mind
I need legal advice,and legal representation
OK, I appreciate your advice and your time!  thank you very much!
I don’t know where to go where to start and I want some advice before start
I am looking for a low cost legal advice.
Yes. Can you help me find someone who can give me advice?
I didn't think it was advice being it could be considered a law.
Well I need some advice on a situation I'm having at work
Thanks for the advice. I'll pass it along
Hi was just wondering if you can provide some advice on a current situation I'm having
do you know if they have the actual answer .. or they can just give me advice about it?
Just looking for prop bono or free legal advice
maybe not legal advice, but legal rights
Ive received alot of information but Im looking for advice
(some provide brief advice and some provide full presentation)
I need a free legal advice provider
Hi Alanna, I need some quick general advice.
are you able to give legal advice if I tell you the circumstance?
yes sure! are the references free legal advice?
We were speaking a few minutes ago ... if u can direct me to whoever can give me advice on what to do about my situation
I was looking to get legal advice on my current situation to see what I can do.
Hi im hoping you can im looking for some legal advice
I'm not looking for legal advice. thank you
Legal representation, and advice on how to navigate this situation.
Of course...I know you can't give me 'legal' advice as a lawyer... but some information would be helpful
I filled out forms online to get legal advice.
they give legal advice, but not legal representation
i know you cant likely give legal advice, but,
Thank you so much for your help and advice.  Have a great day.
I basically need to speak to someone who can advice me on my situation
Thanks so much cause everything close I just need sum legal advice so I know my rights as well as hers
Okay, do you have any advice as to what the best thing would be to do?
Yes. I don’t feel comfortable dealing with them. I wanted outside advice
yes, I would like advice and legal services
I’m in desperate need of legal advice
I know you can't give advice but can you tell me whether something is legal or illegal?
I know you can't give me exact advice I get that
are you able to give me general advice that may pertain to my situation
I don’t need legal advice. I just want to know if someone can go for me because I can’t.
I would like some legal advice I have not yet proceeded with any actions
I would like some advice as to whether or not I should find an advocate and if so where to find one.
it looks like all these only provide brief advice
I need some legal advices from you? Please help me out
Are there any services that provide free legal  advice?
I guess what I'm really seeking for is advice
and i just read you cant give advice really, but i dont know who to go to
I'm going to poke around. Any advice before I sign off?
I’m not looking for a court case just need advice on what to do
Hello I'm looking for some legal advice
Not looking for legal advice but more so what applications/forms I would need to appear before a judge.
I would like to know if there is any other legal advice that I may not be aware of that may be beneficial?
finding where to go to get free legal advice
