yes it has been more than a year since I submitted the form and paid the fees
And please do you know how I can submit the documents to the court online
I need help finalizing my case, my attorney is holding my file hostage, not submitting the papers to the court
I just cant find the right place to submit it
Yes, I visited this page already and downloaded Form 8-2.  But I am unsure if this is the correct form and how to submit online.
Thank you. With Coronavirus, am I able to submit any appropriate documents online?
I need a list of what documents I need to submit to the Court to start a case
not dismissed order denied because it says I didn’t submit answer papers & I did.
ok. They only need help with filling the paperwork and directions on how to submit it
can you send me the form so I could filled it out right away and submitted it?
so im able to just submit the document through the edds and wait until is reviewed in court
Okay ty.  I can file and submit online
my lawyer told me i have to submit that form but i don’t know where to send it on the website
Hello, I have a hearing on 12/23 and would like to submit documents in advance. How do I do that?
I was gonna print it check the boxes and scan then submit
Can you confirm the question around submitting electronically?
It wouldn't let me submit the form several times
I would like to submit documents thru the EDDS
So I cannot submit the Objection to EDDS until i have it served by mail on the other party?
I was hoping there was a way that I could submit a form and they could send me the paperwork does that happen?
So reach out to clerk for help on where and how to submit electronically...is that right?
dont need any just getting the form n submitting it elecctronically
And.....I previously submitted 2 paper recertified apps. Which ironically were never received.
I would likely need help to do submit the forms online
rather then come to the court court to submitt the paperwork
Can the phone be filled out online and printed and submitted
I  submitted documents w an online system but I don’t have a docket number, no one ever got back to me
What does the term Defect mean on paper works  submitted
Another thing: it’s a due time for the index number or submit the papers?
I need to know how to submit evidence in a virtual hearing
so go back in person and tell them the online people said I have to submit in person?
I live in west Chester my I got married in nyc I want to file for annulment where can I submit my papers plz
doesnt seem to be guidance as to how long i need to wait or how much effort to make before submitting my form
Ok buy I need to just submit some documents on the EDDS
i just need to know where to submit the paper work
How would I submit it? The lady had told me I can submit it online.
is there anyway that I can submit these forms by way of the internet ?
after i fill the form should i bring it to the court ? can i submit it online ?
thanks! I think we are done filling out the form. Should you review before he submits?
No the forms were submitted from last year Dec  so I'm not sure what it means
I have submitted paperwork to she on harassment should I call the police
I would like to submit my documents for the court.
yes, but I dont know where tu submit it
i submitted a request with form 17 and i was told i need another form
i am submitting the document via the EDDS wesite
Yes but im trying to submit it electronically and as i was filling out the form it turned into a violation form somehow.
I want to use the EDDS system, but I need help finding the form to submit
i filled out the small estate forms however i am  having a hard time finding where to submit the forms
Okay i was told i can also submit something to get the court to view it faster?
Thank you.  I can't submit the completed paperwork myself?
oh so i can submit a request on the EDDS website?
so just wanted to make sure it won't be an issue which she submits
I just really need whatever form that would be submitted
If I bookmark this, I can revisit this and submit documents at different times, correct?
I need to the form online and submitted it but it’s not letting me through
I was told to find it and print yo then submit
Is the Brooklyn courts open so I can submit the forms?
yes but will i be able to submit the document on the web or will i have to mail it i live out of state.
I printed the forms that needed to be signed and returned, I don't think I  submitted anything.
Okay, makes sense, thank you... where will I find these documents that I need to fill out and submit to the courts?
Am I able to request copies of the documents my ex submitted?
Yes but they said I have to submitted online and the one you showed me I have to print it out
almost a year since the form was submitted
hi my name is Polina, im looking for a temporary order of protection form, and I want to know if I can submit it online
I was given the wrong information by several different representatives about what documents to submit which resulted in my case being rejected
i understand that and it makes sense i need a moditfication any forms i need to fill out and submitt
i was told there is paperwork online that can be submitted online, i just dont know where to find it
and do you know around how long the process will be once everything is submitted
I kinda have the form completed but wanted someone to review it before submitting
Just starting can't find form online to submit
I thought I could just submit them via email
i am looking for some help with submitting a GF-17 form
No I am not. Do I print them or fill them out here.Aso where do I go to submit completed forms
Can you help me find the forms and tell me how to submit them?
i submitted the GF-17 FORM, but i got the message less than an hour of doing so
but this doesn't provide the nessary forms I need to submitt to the court by mail?
I want to know if I can submit it while still pregnant
No, I would like to make sure it has been submitted
I need information on how and where to submit evidence,  as well as how to subpoena records
Do you know if I can submit the necessary files via the Electronic Document Delivery System (EDDS)
we ended up going way over time so did not have time to submit
I have submitted a notarized email  to Nyfcapplications@nycourts.gov months ago and go no response
Do i submit form-17 in person or is there a way that i may do it online?
Ok I will submit it on my phone I pray it works.
Is there anyway I could filled out the form online and submitted it
Is the next step tp submit the will for probate?  And if so, can that be done online?
I was able to find the form online but I dont know where to submit it
And which form I use to considered my new submission is timely filled
Okay so when I fill it out and submit it what happens next
after finishing the online form, there was no submit option. Only print
or just to submit/file any sort of papers etc to clerk
