it was an order of protection issued by family court
they told me that they can't give me legal referrals for a temporary order of protection
no, i feel if i give an order of protection, that person will stay away
how does the served from the begnning know there is a FINAL ORDER OF PROTECTION
My concern arises from a Proposed Order of Protection filed in the Queens Family Court.
Oh yeah I know that she just wants to safe guard her and the kids
But I have no proof that I was granted the order of protection. They didn’t give me anything that says that.
I would not need an order of protection if the kids are taken out of the unsafe situation. Possibly in the future though.
Hi there! How do I get an order of protection that I initiated dismissed?
I need information on how to go about extending an order of protection
She has the order of protection  the baby mother filed 9/14/20
i would like to know how can I file an order of protection against a family member?
Okay. I guess a better question is where can I find the laws and/or procedures for filing an order of protection.
How do I file an immediate order of protection online
not appering for order of protection the person being served
im looking to locate the form for an order of protection on behalf of a minor.
I did a order of protection case against my sister in law
How doi  file an order of protection for that online.??.
There is a two year order protection involved for the both of us. (My daughter and I).
i would like to file an order of protection against someone, does that mean that the person must stay away from my child?
how do I go about filling an order protection and where do I send it too?
What are the organization that can help me get order protection for free
she's violent so I put a temp order of protection
How does someone go about getting a order of protection dismissed
thanks for the references. Is this a consumer protection issue aswell?
If someone breaks a order protection and I want to drop the order protection what can I do
I would like to get a order of protection
How do I go about seeing my son when there is a order of protection?
My child mother had a order of protection against me but still came to my house
I have a friend that can’t see his son due to an order of protection put in place without his knowledge
you said try and get an order of protection
No the case is already done with. The order of protection is good for 1 yr.
I’m looking for assistance filing an order of protection
Ok is it particularly relevant where I file the order of protection?
I need free legal assistance or advice with filling out an order of protection
I would like information on how to stop an order of protection it is no longer needed
I dont believe he has been arrested so no criminal order of protection given yet
How would like to know how can I go about getting a order  protection
I received a call today from the court and the granted me the order of protection
So do they issues another document for the final order of protection
how do I go about an order protection and where am I suppose to send the form?
Thank you for this. What can an order of protection so and how long would it take to process?
Can I fill out an order " change of circumstances" and also fill out a temporary order of protection in the same day ?
temporary order of protection, which is family law
Yes we have been to the family court but just for an order of protection
and the e from so I call fill out to get a order protection ?
At Family Court I already put in a order of protection for my spouse is that considered light in the system already
Who do I call and what to do to get the order of protection dropped
i need to file a stay away order or oder of protection
I would like to know the process of getting an order of protection now that I cannot walk in to the court
I need an order protection against my two children
So because the person doesnt show they can issues a final order of protection
I need to file an order of protection against an adult child.
I filed a temporary order of protection, and want to get it modified, to a refrain from order.
They are separated and she has put an order of protection against him so that he does not see the kid
there isn't more these are actions that happen when order of protection is served to a person
how can i file order of protection for someone who lives in the house with me
sorry ment to put a away to file or get forms online to file for an order of protection
Hi i needed to file an order of protection
also I have an order of protection for the mother to stay away from the child
would you recommend to get an order of protection?
How does someone get any order of Protection against them removed
I got served a order of protection and have some questions
I don't know.  Bottom line:   I would like an order of protection.
in order to get a Temp order of protection dropped do i have to go to the court
I dont nothing as of yet i have order of protection
Hi i need to file a protection order
He knows where I work live all that and I am scared but what can an order of protection do?
How does someone get an order of Protection removed against them
They say they can not help because there is a order of protection in date.
OK is it possible to have a order protection withdrawn ?
Do I have a case to get the protection and to get him out of the house
No previous order except for the order of protection
do i need to go to the family court to file an order of protection?
i was told my one officer that I can’t get an order of protection until he is arrested.
He is not allow to go to that home I have a order of protection
Yes, The person who asked for the order of protection.
Safe horizon was the place that helped him get the order of protection
I already have the order of protection. I'd like her to be added
I have a order of protection that I received yesterday and is supervised
Need to file an online order of protection against my sister
i need order protection from Karina Grebennikova
Im trying to get a order of protection in place
I'd like to know what actions/charges are grounds to file an order of protection.
