I think you were helping me on my daughter wanting her stepfather to adopt her
If the mother has sole custody could I adopt my wife’s son
I recently got married and my husband wants to adopt my 19 year old son. Where or how can I get information about this?
Good morning...I looking for help with adopting my step son who is 19
I am looking for assistance with finding out how my husband can adopt my child
I said in the future if I get married to another man. I want the new man to adopt my kids
Hello. Was hoping to file for adoption for my step son. How can I did that?
Hello  I would like paper work so my husband can adopt my son
I am looking for info on how to reverse my son's adoption
Yes his step mother is willing to adopt him and his sister
I would like to adopt my 25 year old god daughter. What is the process
My daughter wants my husband to adopt her. What do I need to know
Yes. Scenario. I wish to legally adopt a 9 yr
I was recentlg awarded sole custody and now my husband wants to adopt my kids
My husband is going to adopt my biological son.
I have a 7 year old and her biological father isnt in the picture. How can i get my finance to adopt her?
Would it make sense to wait for the child to be born or while she is carrying?
The 21 year old wants to be adopted
My new husband wants to adopt my 33 year old son.
My daughters biological father hasent been seen in over a year and my boyfriend wants to adopt her how d I go about doing that
i will like to know how to adopt my wife's 18 year old son
Can my boyfriend legally adopt my daughter if we are not married and I still am her sole provider?
But I don't want to go so far in fact I'm ready to go to the county where the child was born.
I’m looking for information on adopting an adult in New York State
my husband wants to adopt my son but my exboyfriend the biologic father has give up his rights
How do I go about adopting my 32 year old daughter
I’m an adult but I would like for my step father to adopt me. How do I do that?
I want to adopt my nephew and niece that are 14 and 19 years old. Both parents are in agreement.
the child would be adopted by the mother's new husband (they live in New Hampshire)
I believe so. For example I am 29 and I'd like for my step-dad to adopt me so that he is on my documentation.
Yes. Also can she just go to the court and file. The mom is willing to let her adopt
he already  gave up  his rights  so his sister can  adopt his daughter
My stepdad is looking to legally adopt me, and I am currently over 18
Helloo do you know where i can get forms from for adoption
can an 18 year old can adopt a new born baby
I am married and have been for over 10 yrs.  My son is 15 at the moment. And has asked my husband to adopt him
i wanted to know how it works if I want my husband to adopt my child
No i would like for my step father to adopt me i am 19 years old and live in new york
I will like to adopt my niece and her parents are in another country
Just returned home from Ukraine with our daughter need to re adopt in Albany ny
Hi, I have questions about adopting my step son.
My daughter is 19 and my partner is her stepdad. He raised her since she was born
My 16 year old son wants my now husband to adopt him..
what forms do I need to adopt my stepchild in nyc
Can I adopt my wife’s son with out the fathers consent cause my wife has sole custody
I am currently a 1017 for a young child that I want to adopt.
My 16 yr old daughter would like her stepfather to adopt her what paper work do we need
I need to get help with adoption process
does he have the right to see the baby right away, right after she is born?
Im over 18 and trying to have my step dad adopt me. I have no clue what I'm doing. If someone could possibly help.
I want to be adopted I’m looking for the online forms could you help me with that
I just want to know if I marry my fiancé can he legally adopt my child from a previous marriage?
where to go to get pre certified for adoption?
so i want to know what do i need to adopt my partners daughter?
so my boyfriend wants to adopt my daughter how can i go about doing that
My twins are 16 months old. If I marry their stepfather can he adopt them without the biological father consent
good morning so i have a question how can an adoption process start for my husband to adopt my son
Hello, I'm just trying to find out if my fiance can legally adopt my children.
Now I've done quite a bit of research, and it looks like she cant give up his rights unless there is someone to adopt.
I would like information on how my significant other can adopt my daughter
Hi - i'm trying to find out what papers I need to file for my husband to adopt our daughter. (his step-daughter technically).
i have a 6 year old and The father has not been involved from birth I would like my wife to adopt my son
I’m interested in filing for adoption of my 18 year old step son
Hi, I am looking for information in regards to adopting my step son and my husband adopt my two children
My husband would like to adopt my son and I'm not sure how to go about it
I’m looking to see the process of reversing an adoption
I’m trying to make a private adoption, I am the mother of the child and my boyfriend and I wants him to adopt
i am looking for a lawyer to file for adult adoption . i want my stepfather to adopt me
her biological father who hasn't seen her in 10 years is finally willing to give up parental rights and allow the adoption.
I wanted legal information on how I can adopt my niece in Pakistan.
Good afternoon. I am looking for information on adoption of a stepchild
I have a question about my husband's legally adopting my 23 yr old daughter
ok my other question. Can my boyfriend adopt her? He has been like a dad to her for the past 8 years.
My stepdaughter is 18, she was 17 when I married her mother. I would like to adopt her, what forms do I need
Is it an Order of Filiation or a full fledged adoption proceeding?
just wanted to know what the ;egal staps to file an adoption, my grandchild adoption
i want to know how i can be prepared for the process on my end for when the child is born
how do I get his rights taken away so she can adopt ?
I would like to adopt the child as my own - could that he done before the child is born?
can my husband who raised my son since he was 5 mos. old (now32) adopt him.?
I am looking to adopt my step son legally. I have no clue on where and how to start.
I would like to adopt my 20 year old neice.
Ok, I am remarried. My husband is willing to adopt my son.
