okay so it is just one main number. Thank you
Is there any email address you can provide? I have no phone service. I am just using WiFi
Ok.  Thank you. I will check my email. You've been of great help.
No, that would not be necessary. I will just give a call again on Monday.  Thank you for your help.
He is not arguing, and he want to appear. He was surprised the summons was mailed to me, but he was not notified prior
The phone number that I have been calling is 718 618-2098
filipjohn1944@yahoo.com if you run across some information, you can email me Thank you very very much
yes, i even copied and paste the email directly from here
Okay. Great! (Did call them already, waiting for call back.)
Ok thank you,  I'll try calling that number
Sorry, I had a phone call. This should help a lot
Thats was he email me, but I never received notifications or an email about the situation.
No problem, I’ll call to the phone you gave me, Thank you.
I have tried the scu email once but no answer. I'll try those I guess. Thank you for your time and help!
I was already talking to someone and lost connection. Do I have to start over?
Dan waiting for someone to call back about drawing up a will.
i think i have email address but don't know who I would address the email to.  Can yo help?
can you give me the phone number I am having a hard time thank you
What about 212 979 0611? What is the difference between the 2 phone numbers?
for the first one, the line is always busy
Ok thanks because I have called all available around Queens but only get voicemails
Been calling my landlord for 3 days now no call back
ok. I'll call the  number. Thank you for your help
Is there a phone number i can call to speak with someone ?
I frequently call dad phone number however it was to no avail
I went to court is closed I write a letter to the court they tell me that I have to wait
Alright I guess calling would be the fastest option
I call that number many times I go through a long automated and then they hang saying the lines are busy
I called that number and its busy.. it never rings.. this is so stressful.
Because it is after 5 PM, is it possible that you could e-mail these results?
Oh ok. I’ll call. Thank you very much.
Ok I appreciate your time and info thank u I will give them a call
I have this person’s ID and phone number
i have been given telephone numbers left and right
I can't see my typing keeping up w this. Can someone call me
Thanks, I'll try calling them tomorrow
i got 3 phone numbers im going to call and see if any can help
Take your time. I am a call center rep so am taking calls in between our messages.
let me check email quickly. Yes you were clear.
okay....i will try again tomorrow to call and find it
CMWM2714@gmail.com and my cell phone number is 518-416-7581
i told him to try an email as well if no one is there
Can you email me the site I am having problems downloading  it my email is nancyconcep@yahoo.com
is there not a phone number i can call to speak with someone in the dept that files emergency petitions or hearings?
The mail in vare of is the mailing address,  correct?
if you can please.  When I call the numbers no one picks up
i'll try to call this number thank you
can you email this information directly to my email account. smattavousfrye@gmail.com?
and i tried everything to get them to let me get my mail
That number doesn't work i just called and its a dead line?
or you have other numbers I can call them? or any email address I can have for help?
back and forth with emails and phone call nothing productive
Thanks. So I email OSC to that email. Thanks, have a great weekend
ok, that sounds good. I will call them also
They didn't return my phone calls. Thank you.
I need the new phone number for the assigned counsel program.
Management has been notified, 311 calls made, spoken to person
I tried calling 718 722 3100 where someone answered and told me call 718 237 2000 but that number isn't leading to a legal office
Is any phone number if i can call about this questions ? Please give me any phone number who can help me . Thanks
Yes, please provide me the telephone numbers for the organizations
Is there a # she can call? Is there anything else you need to know?
I just called again today and the operator states he can't make anyone call me. He can only just take the message.
I applied and been waiting for 7 weeks for a call back
I'm sorry   I just thought  someone could call me.  That's all .
the school asking for a letter that im ok
My. Phone number 347 522 0394
Yes sorry i had another phone call
Yes, how can I email all the information to myself?  I was going to copy and paste, unless there is a better way
Yes I asked numerous times for a phone call.. so that someone can walk me through the forms.
Do you have a volunteer lawyer can help me? I can provide my phone number and address to you.
Are able to provide me w any phone numbers??
HOW DO I CONTACT THE FIRST ONE. I SEE NO EMAIL
I called there n they gave me another number
ok will try emailing them and explaining it thank you
but I see no option to actually do it online and I've already mailed my documents over a month ago
Ok, ill call them then thanks for ur help!
Thank you’re much  tomorrow I will call them.
got it. I will call them to see if I can get some help. thank you
Okay I’m gonna give them a call thank you
I am going to call the phone number available maybe they have someone
It would be easier it she could have a video Chat or phone call
Thank you Shelby. I tried calling the numbers you gave me and they don’t exist.
My name’s Geth, phone number 631-377-8554
What happened to the phone number or who are you actually connecting me to
every day and calling all night and calling people I know
OK I have their phone number. Thanks. Bye
Hi. So sorry I lost the chat and the links
Thank I’ll give a call in the morning
No I’m alright for now. Ill start calling these numbers now.
I was told I’d get a call back today
I've contacted over 30 and none of them will even return a phone call.
Cool thanks. I'll try these numbers. Have a good day
I lost connection was chatting w erik
If they dont answer the phone can you provide me an email
but the same situation. voicemail only and it was full can't accept any messages
i called 311 and they gave me a number and I’ve been calling for days
They've been I believe throwing them in a box n not allowed to make communicate or phone calls so I'm currently awaiting a call
Yes. I'm going to call them now. Thank you.
Understood. Can you provide that email address again? (computer got rebooted, didn't get a chance to save the chat)
No, it is okay. I will try to speak to someone by phone to find a resolution. Thanks!
Thanks I’ll try  the information you gave me. . All the numbers they gave is  is either busy or voicemail is full.
Thank you very much, will you keep my email and not share it with other companies?
I tried calling them so many time it didn’t go thru because they were having high volumes of calls
That's the number I'm calling from a week now I'm getting no-one
If for any reason the chat closes again, is there a chance that I can get the information by email?
Hi david, sorry i lost connection earlier
I was just told to write a letter and a check and mail it
Ohh I see ok ill email them too
i need to write a letter to the manager, condo board and their attorneys . I need help doing that. I am a senior.
I need to write a letter to the manager and the con
okay yes I do have that number. this is helpful, thank you
Yes I have the docket number. I called that number but no one answers the phone
I have to get back to work. Are you able to email me the info at we_the_fallen@outlook.com?
Should I stay online or do want to email the information?
Yes I’ve  emailed and called no answer maybe covid but I’ve been calling months now
Ok thank you, I;ll try calling again. Many blessings Celine.
okay I’ve tried calling the court house and no one answers the phone
I just need a phone number I can call and speak to someone
I've left several messages for days and have received no call backs...
I want a lawyer to write a letter to a company that has my money can a lawyer do that for me
how long does it usually take for a call back
I would like the help center number/email
the number they gave me 7182862000 is voicemail only and it was full not able to accept more calls
It wont let me get the phone number
I can just write the notes to you, in an email, and then you can forward them on -- that would be great.  Thanks much.
I knew it might take a little extra time but not 10 weeks. To at least get a call back would be something
I contacted them this morning and they told me about this EDDS thing
Sorry , i got a message then lost connection
I have tried calling all the hotline numbers already
Yes I did that but never gotten email. I just did it again too but nothing came through
ok.  just so you know, i called the numbers on their website
I'm going to try a couple of the other phone numbers they gave me. Thank you for your time today.
I have been calling since last move no answer.
not at this time I will make a few phone calls and see what happens.
She said she would call me back  after she studied the matter further , but I have not received any call.
some may not have the ability to go on the website. Is there a phone number too?
Thank you for the list am going to make some phone calls and see what can happen..thank you for the help
OK so there’s no specific information here I’ll just Need to make a phone call?
So I’ll have to go in person ? I can’t call right if there’s no number
they’re only taking calls mon and Thursday
Okay. I will call them immediately. Thank you so much for all of your help!!
Thanks  im calling now.  I have been calling all day though no answer on hold for hours
is there anyway we can speak over the phone? Are you in Erie county???
Okay great. I know I have been but it rings and than I get a voicemail
ok thanks think I left message for the first one yesterday at this time no call back as of yet.
Thank you very much! I will call them, I really appreciate your help!
I will call this numbers again. I have called and left various messages all ready and no one calls me back
Thank you so much for your help Meghan! I'll give some of them a call. Have a nice day and take care
I'm trying to open your email but I'm unable to open it.
I need a phone number for anyone to help me
Thank you so much, I even call 311 on them.
Okay would I just call the phone numbers listed?
ok thank you. Everything will be by mail or email
That would be great.  Should I give you her phone number and name?
need to know  if i can give them a written demand letter
Yes, please.  I will take the hotline numbers?
Yes I have I’m waiting for a call back
No thank Im going to give them a call right now to get some assistance
I went to the EEOC and received a right to sue letter
But it says “we are receiving high volume calls. Call back later. Goodbye “
I was chatting  with someone n lost connection.
I received right to suit letter from EEOC
the  phone said the 888 number is out of service
so I just tell them my issue as I stated to you? Do I have to provide  any specific information when emailing?
thanks so much for your help. I will call them right away
is there a phone number i can call to speak to some directly?
When I called them they told me to use the EDDS system.
I called and they gave her phone hours to call. Very helpful, thanks!
ok. I have tried to call them many times but still not helpful as I expect.   thanx anyway
I’ve clicked on each one and it brings me right back here. I will try calling the numbers tomorrow
Ty ill take a look and give them a call tomorrow
I have kept communication open with Mr . Hayden. I have documents, emails and texts.
Oh ok. I'll give them a call then. I thought it would be something like a program.
I called and got a recording.  Not taking any messages.
Ok thanks a lot. I’ll call them
hopefully they can help I've been calling all over the place
I tried calling but representative are on phone with other customers
Yes there is a phone number . Thank you. I will call. Just wanted to check first
The person gave me numbers to call but I don't have all the information because it was emailed
Hi i recently chatted but lost my links .
Appreciate it, how will i receive them? via chat or email
I have already done so, and was just giving phone numbers until I ended up with you
I’m just going to email it to both my emails so I make sure I have all the info for sure
Ok, I will keep that in mind when I call them, thank you.
OK I believe it went through I can't access my email from here. But if it didn't I can visit this chat again. Lol
That's the number I've been calling and no one is answering at all
Thank you.  I've tried calling and no one picks up
Thanks, i'll call if it gets hairy in the next week. Bye for now
Im am interested in form for a 14 day letter
Can you just send the hotline phone numbers not the website just the phone numbers please
ok great thank you i will call them thank you for all your help
they wont give me any information  I tried that What are the Lawyer phone numbers that will give phone conferences
do they have an email address because as I have stated my conversaions are being overheard
yes, no one pick up phone. they closed already.
Also thanks for the email I was worried I’d lose links and info! That’s super helpful
Is there a direct number I can call ? I can’t seem to find one online
Maybe help with writing another email?
legal assistance of western New York-Elmira office phone 607-734-1674, but it rings and then goes beep-beep and disconnects
Hi I was talking with Joshua but I lost connection
Oh ok I will do that thank you so much I will call them
Yes, can you provide me with some of these lawyers and phone numbers?
I spoke to a court representative over the phone, they said I have to do it online
OK, BUT can I call you later because I need help.
would it help if I wrote a letter to florida court?
i keep calling lawyers and no one is returning my calls
it says there's high call volume and gets disconnected.
You mean going through and bringing the page up again I didn’t have a phone number
Thank you so much for you time!!! I’ll give them a call
Ok thank you for your help.  I greatly appreciate it. Since you gave me their number, I will call them
maybe im not calling the right number?
I actually called that number earlier and left a message
I have called NYLAG. I have been calling them since December. No one is calling me back
I can't think of anything else right now. I will start calling those resources. Thank you again
Ok great.   Are there any other referrals you can think of right now?  A phone call cam
so a telephone call court session was taken
what is the telephone number at queens family court where i can speak to someone
i have copies of certified mail proving that i have responded several times
I will give them a call right now thank you so much
I’ve been researching and calling around on my own thus far
Thank you so much I’ve made 10s of phone calls only to be redirected elsewhere without much information
I'm requesting phone numbers, not websites
The phone number for Utica, NY is not a good number. Do you have another one
2- Where can I verify the case status, is possible online, or should I call a particular phone number?
I called a number and it says its to in service the other one rings out
i was also told but the clerks to write a letter
Is that a place I can also go to in person or just call?
And yesterday there were 2 certified letters on the mailbox
Just called 917 number.  Wouldn’t go through.  See?
Which is why I am having such a hard time finding information and no one is answering calls
i dont want to be given the run around with calls if i can just call one number
What is their phone number? If I follow the link I will lose you.
No, I'll try calling the number you provided.
but I need somebody to go to them because the refuse email
Okay thank you so much. I will call around
I wish I could speak on the phone with someone.  It is hard for mme to type everything
My ex gives me hard time to see and talk on the phone with my son.
Thank you for the phone number. My first question is:
Everything is clear I go to save all this numbers and call
my phone number 585 354 3349  my name david
Hi so I am wondering where I could find a lawyer who could write a letter to an agency for me
I was actually given this number 845-476-3520 and the line is busy
i think i found the person to email! thank you
That's okay, I have the Legal Aid Society and LawNY's phone numbers for her.  Thank you!
great.  thank you - I will give a call 1st thing tomorrow.
sorry im at work and got a call
I think thats all I will call right now. Thank you
Great!! I will call them right now. I appreciate your help
For some reason my phone is not letting me screenshot any of this info. Is it a possible for you to email me this info?
Do I have any rights in this? Maybe just the right to ask the court for supervised phone contact?
OKAY THANK YOU I WILL KEEP THE NUMBER YOU HAVE BEEN VERY HELPFUL
ok thank you very much, is it possible that I can give you my phone number to speak over the phone
really, but queens, only that phone number you give me
I got a message saying that I won't get an email until after the chat ends
My son is Joe seeley din number is 11641 7
what number do i call the toll free or the phone number
So I could probably call these guys tomorrow
Where would I need to email in order to file?
Ok so call the number u gave me right
and if it's easiest, I'm happy to chat via phone
ok - so use the online forms and the hotline for any questions?
Yes but she hasn't returned any of my phone calls.
I already tried calling them - no one answers the phone
Ok I’ll call these people and see.
i would like to know if you have any more phone number if you can
I need legal advice from a lawyer About hand written invitation letters
Thank you for the telephone numbers. I will begin calling.
I’m having issues with getting my sons mother to allow me to visit my son or even speak on the phone with him
They could be, how do I move that information to my email, once I log off here, I'll lose this??
thank you so much, I will also call to see if the court answers to the phone number you gave me; thank you again.
That may be one of his old addresses (he moved around a lot). I'll call that number.
RECENTLY THEY CHANGED THE PROCESS FOR CALLING IN WITHOUT PROPER NOTIFICATION
Online it shows it is open, but I tried calling no one answers
great im on phone with first one now
yes, i tried to call but only answering machine
i have email communications where she is contradicting herself, appears to be making fun, and outright show any professionalism and taking it all personal.
yeah i called them who put me to another number which doesnt seem to be working
Ok yes I just called left a voicemail
Im on the phone with that first phone number
Oh ok. Thank You.  I will try to find a phone number for them
That's helpful.. I'll give them a call. Thank you so much for you help!
they help with forms and take calls for free?
Okay thank you so much is there a specific address needed for the arrears letter?
Another question if I file everything today will he be notify by email about filing forms?
thank you, i will make all this calls tomorrow during business hours
Thank you. I have been calling and leaving messages for legal aid society at central islip. They don’t call back
Hopefully it is thank you I will make calls tomorrow
I will give you a call in about 10 min then.  thanks!
I dont know what kind of mail I'm going to get
i tried calling but no one answered. I can try calling them tomorrow.
He had our son since March and is not returning him. I can’t call
thank you ill try calling them now thanks
I’m talking about the phone number to speak to one of your aids
I don't see the email yet.  So just in case, let me copy and paste the resources.  Hold on for a minute.
I tried calling many times but no one answers the telephone.
great, I'll go ahead and give them a call tomorrow
First of all is there a real person I can speak with and a phone number to call?
No, I'm going to take your advice and call those numbers now
okay i will try to call the phone# in thelink
can u give me there phone number, it won't open
but calls are not answered even though I call several times every day
I'm trying to find a name of my judge online because I would like to write her a letter
So is a notarized letter  enough to get ball rolling
I spoke with someone over the phone yesterday and someone is supposed to get back to me today but nothing
THEY TOLD ME TO WORK WHEN I CAN AND WHENEVER I CANT CALL IN SO THATS WHAT I WAS DOING
Ok thank you I just wanted to make sure I got the right number
do you know what email i would have to email for address.
Let me try emailing it to myself. Can you give me one moment thank you
Not yet. I did leave a voicemail but no one has gotten back to me
I keep calling them but no answer :( since last week :(
I tried calling with no answer and no recording tell the information I need to know
Thank you so much. I am gonna try to call them
Hmmmm, I already called them and didn't hear back but will try to contact them via e-mail.
Ok, thank you. When I tried calling earlier this week no one answered the phone. Are the seeing cases right now?
Ok can you take my email so when you find it you can email it to me?
No I haven't.  My turn around time is short. Do they response to phone calls do u know
yes I already researched that at length. At the moment I just need help with that email as this is my next step.
Most of the people are working remotely and do not return the phone call.
That's great. I will make the call. Thank you so much for your help!
Guy told me he recorded me printed out all messages emails recorded voicemails etc
I already talked to them on the phone and they are seeing how I should proceed
ok.  do you have any other alternate  numbers i can call or other resources I can  check out?
Ok thank you. Can you email me these numbers and sites
Hi I need to schedule a fair hearing. I tried many times to call the numbers listed on the website today and it was busy
please, especially phone numbers i just want to speak to a rep
carla8899@msn.com this is my email in case we get disconnected
A sneak phone calls to me everyday and say they want to come home
I have all the emails and chats transcription with them, the lower can see all of them
Yes please I’ve tried calling and no one has picked up
Ty I am already having call lot places .
Thank you. I am calling the hotline now. I really appreciate all of your help
I thought I would have gotten a call or email by now...okay
that sucks! can you give me the info again, and where do I enter my email
Ok I will give them a call..will they be available to take calls?
I have left multiple messages with no calls back.
you think you would help word and write the letter
Do u know the address the email would be coming from
Okay I’m going to call them right now. Thank you for your help.
Thank.you so much I will call them in the morning I know they are closed now or I would call now
Ok thank you very much. Is it possible to email it to me?
I have since removed reviews and have not called or emailed buisness
and yes i call they don’t pick up the phone
Ok, I’ll give them a call now. Thank you so much for your help!
ok thats all thats on the forms as far as phone numbers
Maybe I need to call this doesn't help
Now the guuardian is ignoring phone calls, facetime, letters etc) we need to do this legally.
by the way, do you know if there is a referral service phone number?
ive been calling for last 3 hours
I have logs of 311 calls in the past. Nothing has been done
oh an email would b very much appreciated
I made copies of the texts, emails, check she gave me and stopped it later
Please give me their phone number, so I may call them call
Or I call the legal service phone number first
yes place i would like a phone number
Yea I tried calling them too. Thank you. I’ll try and email them.
