Where is the DIY form to get a new order of custody or visitation? All I can find is  enforcement or mod petitions
Looking to file a support modification and a visitation order/custody order
how do I go about filing a petition for custody and visitation if the courts are closed
Hello, what forms do I need to file for visitation and custody
this is my first time filing a petition for custody and visitation
it says in the matter of a proceeding for ( ) custody ( ) visitation under Article ( ) 4 ( ) 5 ( ) 6
A Petition for Modification of Order of Custody and Visitation
i need to know how do i get the right paper work for custody and visitation
General form GF-40 (PETITION FOR MODIFICATION OF ORDER OF CUSTODY OR VISITATION
I was deprived the custody and visitation right actually.
need to find a electronic testimony form for custody/visitation
Hello I want to file a petition for custody and visitation
OK, can you tell me if the portion under the first dotted line should read "In  the Matter of a Custody/Visitation Proceeding under
I haven't been back to court for custody or visitation.
whats the difference between a Petition For Modification Of Order Of Custody Visitation	 and Order On Petition For Modification Of Order Of Custody visitation	?
currently there are no court orders for visitation/custody or child support
Is there any organization in the Bronx or Manhattan that help with visitation and custody matters
I have an existing custody visitation order in place
Custody and visitation how can I file a petition for custody?
2 years ago they went to court and she got custody with visitation to father
It’s for custody visitation modification petition
Is he able to get a free court appointed attorney if he filed for visits and custody?
i want to file for visitation/ custody for my child
But this case matter is about custody/ visitation proceeding
There is no visitation or custody order. Only a child support order
Can you file for visitation first or have to file for custody before visitation?
I don't want the father to have visitation. Is that the same as custody?
I would like to file for an appointment to file a petition for  custody and visitation
family court in regards to visitation and custody
I want to file for custody and I also want the visitation forms.
writ of habeas corpus for custody and visitation
in this case, do i need to file for an enforcement of the custody-visitation order?
the second item on the checklist is ak for the custody/visitation order but there has not been an order put in place yet
would an order to show cause be filed with a custody/visitation modification?
What forms do i need to file a visitation/custody petition
The petition has only choices for custody or visitation. I'm filing for temporary. Do I use the same form?
Yes, we have an order of custody and visitation that has been in effect since 2013.
I need an attorney for an upcoming court case in brooklyn family court. custody and visitation
My daughter lives I. Saratoga springs and I want visitation and or custody
Custody and visitation set up hopefully together
Is that where we put saying to grant the after full custody or give the reason for what to give custody visitation ?
I wanted to know about visitation/ custody for grandparents
I have a visitation AND and custody court order already dated back to 2015
I was also curious if maybe there was a way to file for temp Custody and visitation until something is decided in court
i will n eed this form , right? Petition for (Custody) (Visitation) GF-17
family custody and visitation Davis v Belus
Would you help to find Form-22 writ of habeas corpus for custody or visitation? Thank you
I am in need of a pro bono lawyer to help me with a custody /visitation violation
so in order to file for visitation there has to be a custody order in place already ?
I want to file for custody and visitation  in ny state. How do I do that with the covid 19. Happening
hello i need help fileing for custody/visitation?
I am in court with my daughter for custody,  visitation And I am the grandmother
I have court on 10-23-19 @9:30 a.m. for a petition I filed in family court central islip for custody & visitation under a change of circumstances
During the pandemic is there a way to file for visitation and custody online
I would like to know what forms I need in order to file for Custody and Visitation ?
Hello I would to petition for custody or visitation of my child when the a order of protection currently in place. How I proceed?
whats the difference between a Petition For Modification Of Order Of Custody Visitation and Order On Petition For Modification Of Order Of Custody visitation ?
is court open for filing custody & to change visitation
How long do you have to file a violation of child custody visitation?
I already ro have a final order on custody and visitation, with his father.
I have a friend that’s looking for help with filing for custody visitation
I   would like to know what website do I   go to in order to file for custody and visitation
I have a question in regards to custody if a court order has not been set and if I have the same rights to visitation
I want to fle a custody and visitation petition and don't know how
hello, ive maied a petition for custody/visitation. what should be my next step
it only gave me the option to file a petition for custody / visitations
Hello, is it possible for me to file for visitation/custody for my son on-line?
I need to find help with my situation. Concerning visitation and custody
before that, what is the difference between Order on Petition for Custody or Visitation and a Petition for custody or visitation
How can I file the petition for visitation and custody can I do it on line
This would be a filing for custody / visitation / support
I need help finding free legal representation for a family court case visitation and custody
can you tell me wher I would go to file for visitation and custody
Are the family courts open for custody and visitation ?
So even if i dont have custody or visitation right now i can file a new petition? And how long will that process take?
Hi, I filed 3 petitions yesterday a the family court for order of protection , child support and custody and visitation.
Am i able to file for custody/visitations with the DIY form ?
I need to know how to start a case with child visitation& custody
but i want to do both, divorce has been started pending custody/visitation in surpreme court
