yes and wants his name on the birth certificate and his daughter with his last name
My only problem is, my father's name is not on my birth certificate, and I have my mother's last name who is also deceased.
I wasn’t married and the guy that’s playing a role of baby daddy yes he signed the birth certificate
Yes im on the birth certificate, i was there when my child was born
Is there a specific instance where a mother of a child get a passport without the father's consent, his name is on the birth certificate
I had my last child with my boyfriend she is 9 he signed her birthday certificate
How do I get a copy of my birth certificate? I was born in Syracuse.
okay so I am 31 years old and on my birth certificate my mother didn’t not put my fathers name on it
No I am not married paternity does not need to be determined I am on the birth certificate no we are not getting a divorce
Who is eligible to get a copy of a birth certificate?
Because the way I appeared in my birth record is that a female was born no name or last name
can i go to the department of health and obtain a copy of birth certificate?
No there is not one on His birth certificate and my husband is the only man he's ever known as that title
When filing for custody, in Onondaga County (NY) do I need to bring a copy of my child's paternity, or is the birth certificate sufficient?
can you file a paternity test if another man had signed your child’s birth certificate?
Yes I know that but if he signs the birth certificate and they put it in the system will red flags show up or no
I'm the mother and I did the paternity. No name is on the birth certificate
Put it this way - -never signed birth certificate.
so i just wait until the send me a copy of the birth certificate?
He is my biological father, but is not listed on my birth certificate.
Can a DNA test be requested even though I signed the birth certificate
How do I double check he signed her birth certificate?
His name only appears in the child’s birth certificate does that gives him any custody rights?
No I wasn’t married to the mom. I did sign the birth certificate
No never married and yes hes on the birth certificate
I have someone who has a birth certificate that states "male and the last name only.
Will I be in child support if I sign a baby’s birth certificate
I am the legal father on the birth certificate not the biological father
Letter saying that I have to go to court to have the biological father on the birth certificate
I was given an order of Filiation this past July and wanted to know how can I get My last name on the birth Certificate?
Someone else signed his certificate could I still file one ?
I am looking for help getting a copy of my deceased fathers birth certificate to fulfill a requirement to obtain Italian citizenship
How i cant get my daughter birth certificate again
Yes but he didn't sign the birth certificate
and is it possible to take the father off the birth certiifcate
Also would my ex husband name be on the birth certificate when I do recieve it
Can my childs father make me change my childs last name if the father hasnt signed the birth certificate or paternity
He did an acknowledgement of paternity and signed all 3 birth certificates
my child's name was written wrong on the new birth certificate after adoption and now it has been about 2 years
Is DNA mandated if an alleged father did not sign the birth certificate
As well as my name on the birth Certificate as the father?
when i came back from school we both signed acknowledgement of paternity but we didnt include my daughter birth certificate so nothing was done
No nothing in place. He is on her birth certificate though
no she's not married to anyone, yes my name is on certificate.
Hello. I am looking for information for giving up parental rights. Even though I signed the birth certificate.
My ex who is on birth certificate isint the bialogical either and he knows about this and is considering signing off rights
is there an address and phone number for local birth registrar?
I need information in regards to the "Medical Certificate" current one signed by doctor, needed for adoption from the adoptive parent
I was adopted, my parents died, and I need help getting my birth certificate
If I gave birth certificate and father not on it do I still have to go to court for custody
ok ok well the child is born from an affair but is recognized by the senior whose name is on the birth certificate
Can I test someone that is not on the birth certificate even though it was signed by a different person?
Hello Ms. Amy, i think my connection was lost. I asked about getting my grandfather's birth certificate
okay.  is there a time frame as to when i can receive notice from the court in regards to the birth certificate
I went to vitalcheck but it only says birth certificate
Do i need to provide any documents? copies of id, birth certificate?
the father's name is on the birth certificate is that enough to claim it is legally established?
He signed the birth certificate so I’m assuming no
For my boyfriend to be my sons dad his real dad is not in his life but he wants to be on the birth certificate
Even if his name is not on the birth certificate . No ones name is on it
just something he would like to know. he has already signed the birth certificate and my son is 4.
They never married but his name is on the birth certificate.
Hi I am 54 years old and have found my real birth father (as opposed to the man listed on my birth certificate)
With me , how do I go about putting him on child support and although he did not sign the child’s birth certificate
Since it’s only my name on the birth certificate does that not already only grant me full custody?
in order for me to obtain copy of my original birth certificate
The childs birth certificate, or proof im his parent, or where we live?
If I have birth certificate with no father on it do it still have to go for custody?
Does a parent who is not on the birth  certificate and does not live with the child have any rights?
No formal custody order. Only real document I have is the birth certificate
Not at all. All we have is the birth certificate where we’re both stated as parents
I never signed a birth certificate though.
Thank you. We were never married but his name is in my daughters birth certificate.
We share custody his name is on the birth certificate
She wouldn't give the child my last name but my name is on the birth certificate
the kids as my last name but am not on the birth certificate
But even on my child's birth certificate I didn't put the fathers name
I can’t jist correct the birth certificate that’s a legal issue
