They called me and said to respond back via email to me
So I have to just send an email to the supervising judge for request?
I Sent messages With a Lou  And he gave me information I    couldn't send  the trans script email
I sent it through email and mailed out the forms as well.
I can  sent that modification by mail? Online or personal?
ok i will try to call them then send them a letter
Ok and once filed do they send the order to her by mail?
Yes, Thank you, now I am going to send the the transcript to my email.
Hi Jamie, Thanks for chatting. Sorry about the lengthy response. This is a copy and paste from an email I sent to LawHelpNY yesterday:
And you solutionated this case or expedient. Thanks you. Send me the email to juanfransh@msn.com;
after im done they will send me a respond  by mail right
awesome. You provided the all information I was looking for. I really appreciate. Can you send me this conversation to my email ?
Perfect! Thank you! will send them an email.  Have a nice day.
An approval letter was sent to me, and then even so I can not access these benefits.
and she sent back an email saying im confused
custody, I have an 8 year old and her father just send me a letter from his lawyer
Ok. Is my best bet to send an email to any one of them?
i sent email to a dead end.. here is what i sent...
I took screenshots.  Thank you I will send a copt to my email as well.
Is this whole conversation something that can be sent to me through email when we are done?
Would it be possible to send all of these links and any additional relevant links to me via email?
okay hes going to look and send the email to the record room
That is awesome thank you is it possible to send this by email
Thank you I sent it to my email. I appreciate your help.
Thank you. I have sent my email for the transcript. Once again thanks for all the information Nicole.
I am writing this from my friend phone can you send me all information to t email
Yes I sent money order and I sent via certified mail
They sent a letter and it didn’t give a date
i went to go pick them up as they sent a letter to my house
I thought you said you cant email??? the websites you sent me
Maybe you can send me an email with all the links and phone numbers that could be of help ?
yes I would like to know that email to send it to
Yes I was told I will receive a email noting yet
Is this possible to help me send this link 2 my email
She's in California and sent me emails saying she won't be back
Would you be able to send me the papers through email or that link brings me to the papers i have to print.?
Thanks much.  Is it ok if I send her an email with this information?  Or do I need to reconnect through the site?
I’m doing everything I wanna know why it’s not opening can you send one to my email
they sent me an email stating they are not accepting cases
Please send email to contact them please
so u still didnt answer me yet about where should i sent that letter
would it be possible to send a transcript of this chat to my email please?
last nite I received an email stating
nylang never reply I sent email
Oh okay thank you she told me to send a email but she dont give to me
Ok The interactive page will lead me to the correct form? How do I go about sending it in either electronically or through postal mail
Ok, I can't write all of this down; just the phone numbers. Are you able to send them to my email?
I send an email to Terrance several days ago n he haven't respond
i call costumer service and she explain to me that i have to send a email in modification
or I just have to send him a certified copy via mail
Wonderful... thank you for all the info.  Is there any way I could send this to my email??
One group said send it to NYFCApplications@nycourts.gov but another said send through EDDS but I can't find an email.   Thank you
I sent an email and I have to file with Richmond county
yes i do they sent it via email as well
ok i sent my email thanks again i will get right on it
I chatted with Abdullah a little while ago and our transcript did not get sent to my e-mail.  I need info again....
if you can send transcript via email that would be great:
NOT RECEIVE NOTHING MY EMAIL MAIL NATOHING
Can you send me this chat transcription to me email please?
It worked-thank you. I sent an email to the office in Binghamton yesterday morning.  How long does it typically take to respond?
Send it to my self coping and paste to my email
I haven’t received a email since October
Jane, one more thing. Can you send me a copy of this chat to my email because ou have given me a lot of info
No but there was a box it said send transcript I entered my email and hit send
I have texted, called, emailed and will be sending a letter via mail
HR is gone for the day...I left a voicemail and sent an email.
How can I get the form in the mail or sent to my home
I do not. I think im just gonna get the forms printed and send them in the mail
You have been extremely helpful. Thank you so much and stay safe. Can I have this chat send to my email?
I’m looking for the forms in the email I have to sent the forms to
Also rita they told me rita that they would send yesterdays chat to me e mail and I never received it .
What the email so I could send it back to you guys
I can also send you the agreement letter, it is one page only
I contacted the legal aid society, and no one answer. I can not leave a voicemail. Do you have an email from them, please?
I’ve sent them a technical issue email already
And where exactly do I have to send it? Is there an email or website I have to send it to?
thank you! will do. should I send an email to all of the three different emails that are on the website?
Can you send a copy of this converstion to my email so I dont loose the information when this conversation ends ?
