I would like to talk more and find out my rights.
is there anyone i can talk to? at the court house even?
Hi it’s Aimee, doing practice chats
I need to think about it before I talk to someone. Thanks for your help
I would prefer too talk too someone about it yes does the legal aid society do that
if you have any insight of who i can talk to or get help from that would be greatly appreciated
Thats why Im talking to you to find out about my options
his sister and I talked all the time she’s 86
You did amazing! I am finishing the other chats and will convene in about 5 minutes.
well 2, if I call this number, would I be able to talk to you are reference this conversation, to expedite any future questions?
Would you be able to give me a referral to an organization or someone I could talk to about the particulars of my situation?
Already called and talked several times to them.
Hi Jaime it’s Aimee. Doing practice chats.
Now I tried to talk to the owner he doesn’t want to talk to me
Hi it’s Aimee. Doing practice chats
I was talking to them mainly about getting hearing adjourned and other stuff
I want to find somewhere I can go or talk to which can help me with that
My sons told her that he don’t wants to talk to her ... last Sunday
Hi I’m looking for someone who I can talk to about , My Boyfriends Good time being taken away
Will it be a chat like this or actually talking to someone?
Direct me to sn organization please so I will be able to talk to someone
How much will it cost to talk to a legal services organization?
Hi, it’s Aimee. Doing practice chats
I cannot afford a lawyer but wanted to talk to someone briefly about my questions
oh my God, thank you so much, it is so good to talk to someone who is very knowledgeble....
BUT MAYBE YEARS NOT TALKING  COULD BE AN ISSUE
if you get cut in the mouth you tell me if you gonna give conversations
but I also want to talk to someone to see what my options are
yes  I have talked to them they have no clue of when they might start having court
Awesome, thanks. Is there anyone I can talk to that can help me through this process?
They said they were gonna talk to someone else Nd giveme a call back
Yes please!  I need to talk to someone asap.
But i was uneble to complete because its impossible to to talk to the person
i called her the next day again but she didn't want to talk.
Thanks for that info, do we have to pay a fee to talk to them?
SOUNDS LIKE ONE SIDE GETS TO TALK NOT THE OTHER
Hello was it you I was just talking about the husband coming over every day with?
I talked to one of your colleagues last week
thats why I was hoping to find someone to talk to about them
Ok would i be able to talk with someone
ok then that is what I would like to do is talk to someone for consultation
Hi Philip, Its Aimee. Doing practice chats
Hi Armin, this is Aimee. I’m doing a practice chat.
I'm doing practice chats.  Would you mind transferring this to me?
Great, thank you! Are you aware of any free online chat services for legal questions?
wow-- that's really a good system.  how many chats do you get in a typical shift?
Is there a number to actually call and speak to somebody I really don't like texting I prefer to talk to somebody
Not at this time, thank you. Hopefully we can just talk everything out. But it's always good to go in knowing your rights.
He does not let me see them or talk to them, we have no prior case.
how do i access information about this case. im lost and i dont know who to talk to
I think we need to do another practice chat before you start, OK?
it might be, i would have to speak with them.  will they talk to someone in rockland county?
Thank you. I just want my son back. I cant even talk to him
Okay thank you I'm just trying to figure out who I can talk to
I have a coworker who has one. I'm going to ask her and then come back and talk to someone
Thank you so much for your help. It feels good even to talk to a stranger about it. I have been in fear for years
Is there someone or place I can go to and talk and get help
Is there a number that i can possibly call and talk to an actual person?
Thank you. Yes, is there someone I can talk to that can help me through this process?
Hi, this is Aimee, I'm doing practice chats
these sound like good options, thank you for the info! might there be any legal assistance groups that have live chats that you know of?
HI Min, this is Aimee, I'm doing practice chats
