Okay, thank you very much Celine, this information has been very helpful
Awesome. The information that you are providing are coming in hands for me. I appreciate it
Oh, wow!! I assumed it was public information and could be accessed publicly..
Ok great, I will most definetly give her this info
The information you provided will help point me in the right direction.  Thank you again..have a nice day
Yes please. Any information that you have would be appreciated
Oh thank you sir and I appreciate you you give me your information thank you so much
Ok. I will check there and let you know if I need further resources.thank you
Thank you so much I appreciate your time and you giving me the information that you have
what should I do next?? Call the bank ask more information?
Okay thank you . I will wait for the following info
YES ,  you are supposed to tell me what I can do for legal help.
Thank you for your time and help. I appreciate the information.
I am good. Thank you so much. Looks like good information. I will look into it. Take care. I appreciate you assistance.
ok that is great information and its greatly appreciated
I’m just trying to figure out how to get it started and who do I get ahold of
Perfect, I'd love that info, thanks
Oh okay. Thanks for the information and for your help!
Ok thank you. I really need help on this situation.
I think I have enough information and sources available...many thanks again
I thought I could still access the info you guys gave me
okay, can you give me some legal information please?
i'm only looking for info, or how to find the info i need
Have you found any information that could possibly help me ?
I appreciate you helping me out with information. You’ve been very helpful.
Am trying to get all necessary information how to go about it
Can u give me information on giving my rights over
Thank you - the site has a lot of great information
Can you instruct me a little bit as for how to find certain information I need?
I’ll look into the other resources- I appreciate the information
Is there a website that has all of the laws regarding my situation that you know of?
Hello, I'm trying to find out some information
I’m sorry to bother I’m just trying to figure things out
I can be more specific - not sure how much info you need
I think you have given me some great sources, thank you. Take care!
Thank you so much. I will try the information. Have a great day.
I think you've given me adequate information and I really appreciate it
Ok thank i will follow with up this information you have provided
Not at this time. I would like to read the information first. Thank you.
Sure that would be great. And it's personal info or data
I am trying to figure out if something is illegal or legal to do
Well how are you going to help me if I don't give you the information
Okay Enrique thank so much for this info I guess that will help me through with the process
Oh that looks great. Thank you for all these great resources.
Delete the information. Goodbye. You're useless
Thank you very much. I will try using this info, Daniel.
thank you so much for all of the information i appreciate the help!
you've provided very helpful information, I'm all set for now
hi deanna im looking for info maybe u can guide me
Thank you so much for all the information! Have a great day!
you had said you were going to see what info you could get me..
It's been over 14 years I have three charges. I'd like to begin the process
I realize this is very specific information, but hoping getting help looking things up might work.
Ok thank you so much for this information. I appreciate
thank you again .. I was stuck and I appreciate all the info you provided. have a blessed evening
Thank you for the information! Yes, I appreciate your concern!!
very kind Joseph thanks for your information and for your time
Alright I have read what you have so far and am now waiting for the other information you were going to get for me.
no i just want the info i'm asking for please it's really simple
ok thanks for your time and attention I will have a look at these
My question is, do I not have rights in this situation? Can I really be made to move in the middle of a pandemic?
Oh thank you for this information  i will get right on top of it
Have been trying to track down information.  This happened last week.
Yes I would like  and need that information
Thank you very much for the information hopefully it will get me some where
Ok, great. I will read all the information and call them.
Thank you for the information i will get on this now have a great night
We would appreciate any information or help you can give us
Ok thanks for the information I will follow up in the morning
Thank you I appreciate your time . Any information is definitely welcome
Thank you and it is. He was an extremely private man so it’s even harder to find out information
No thanks but thank  you. I'll look into the information that you've given me.
Oh thank you so much for the resources. You've been a big help!
Yes I'll take a look at the Information ,thank you very much
Ok. Thank you. I wish I found you 4 years ago. Thank you again for all the information.
thank you. I'll read this over and see if I can find the info I need in there.
The information you've provided was helpful.  I'll review them after work.
I am sure that that will, Thank you so much for the information it does help with some of concerns especially during these troubling times.
I appreciate your time and information.  Thank you. Have a great day
there is no information on there regarding specific  work that must be accepted- I’ve already looked
I hope you can help, I’ve been looking for resources everywhere.
Hello. Should I just give my personal problem or just ask general info? Not really sure how it works
YOU HAVE PROVIDED EXCELLENT INFORMATION THANKS!!! I think I have what I need
Yes, that’s fine. Just have a few questions for you about my current situation
They wouldn't tell me what it was for but wanted them to confirm info
Well that is what I am doing is trying to double-check with you. I don't know where to find the information.
I believe it’s the most genuine help I've received in months, so I think it'll be helpful! Thank you and take care!
Yes I'm looking now. It might be helpful. Anymore resources?
no thanks i already copied the info.  thanks for your help!  stay safe.
Okay, thank you. I appreciate all the information you gave me. Hopefully this will be resolved quickly.
Is the information that you would provide only tailored to NY?
it was about an hour ago, they were just trying to find some more information for me
Ok thank you so much for the info. Be well
Thank you Lindsey!  Please know that appreciate any information you can share.
I’ve just been at such a loss on trying to figure everything out
general information. and how long does the process works
please take your time. I appreciate any information your can provide!
Hi Rachel, is this a way for me to get legal info?
this is my first time i have very little knowledge bout this
thank you so much you have given me so much information
Theres just alot of information here wasnt sure where to go
Thank you for the information. I hope that you have a good day
Thank you, please send me as much info as you can I need it and will be very grateful for it.
Yes please. I am unable to find this info on the web. Thank you for any info.
No, you have been great, you gave me information, have a great day!
Thahk you. This is more difficult than I thought trying to find information. Sigh.
I was hoping to get more information about how that actually works
Thank you very much for your time and information. Have a great day. Take care.
you're supposed to be able to give that info please
ah yes Federal.  thank you for the information.
OK. I think I have enough info  thank you
ok thank you so much for this information it is very helpful
The information seems like it applies to me/my situation.
it seems like u can help me find info about legal problems?
OK, thank you for your time and the resources you have shared!
no but can you leave this char open. Im copying down the information
Ok thanks again for the information and your time  I really appreciate it
No thanks, this is enough information for today. Thank you so much.
Well do.  I just need general information to guide.
thank you so much. It’s been very frustrating to find information
Okay thank you so much for your information has been a great help
Thank you so much! Im sorry i just have very little knowledge about this
Great.  I have to go back to work.  Thanks.
No just trying to figure out how to go about addressing it formally
what kind of information do you need? do I tell you my problem
i don't know.  i  want to know my rights.  does that tell me?
thats a lot of info, can you help me find which one would help me
Okay, so like it's public information, the thing is that most people probably aren't aware of this information and it could be profitable
I haven't started the process, I wanted some information on how to start and who can help me?
i'm looking for information about a couple of topics
ok thanks I have to go find that information
maybe you can tell me where i would look for that information
Thanks. Truely appreciate. I will review the information you provided me with. Thanks again.
Alright thank you so much for all the information :) you were very helpful. god bless you and stay safe.
and wanted to see if you guys hear any information about it
Would any of my information I provided to you hold up in court?
okay, thank you for all the information i will get right on it.
No that's fine, this is all the information I need right now
Ok, thank you! Looking forward to the information
any help or info you provide would be greatly appreciated.   THANKS.
I have a lot of information regarding the potential process, however, we need to have legal advise/services to complete the process.
I will read everything over tonight Ihave to go to work right now. thank you for the information
Appreciated! I'll look the info over. Take care and Thank You!
Oh wow ok very helpful information
Hello- I'm looking for legal help regarding my current work situation
Thank you, lots of information.  I thank you for your time
Okay, then why don't I tell you what's going on. Would that be okay?
I thank you for the information you have supplied and your efforts to assist me!
Your website is well organized, too bad I can't be certain the legal information is up-to-date = Legal :(
Thank you so very very much Charles, you really did provide us with a great deal of information and we will be using it.
There is not one place on line to find this information.
i need to make sure they have my right info
Thank you...these are in my area. I thank you for your time and sharing this information! :)
I tried the blue area the information disappears.
many thanks!! we will definitely use these resources. hope you'll have a great day!
The situation will be desperate sooner than later under the circumstances.
I dont know. Thats what i want to find out. What it was about
Got it. Thank you so much for all your help and for this information.
ok thank you very much for helpful information. have a great day.
No, these are great resources so far. Thank you so much.
No. Part time. He’s in the process of enrolling in school. If all goes well he will be going away.
im going to ask for information is to many people
i hope they help me out...im in a critical situation
thank you. Any help or information would be appreciated
Ok great!  thank you so much for this information!
Okay, this is good.  I see information that is helpful.  Thank you for your time.
yes, i need help finding info
thank you i believe i am set with the information provided.
No thank you. That’s all I was trying to figure out. Have a great weekend!
That would be great. Any information would be great
ok. thank you so much for your time and information
What info would I give them, without knowing where she is located
Thank you for sharing this information with me,  it is at least a step to finding the correct answer.  Have a good day.
Great, thanks so much for taking the time to gather this info for us.
Thank you very much and appreciate your help and the information your gave me
I just need to look at one to see what they look like ?
sure, what information can i provide that'll help?
Criminal, but I am going to try and figure out the information another way.
No that’s all thank you though for the info hopefully this will help
To the best of my knowledge, Mr Angiulo has the originals.
No thank you Sandra. i appreciate the information. i hope you have a great day
This is good, unless you think I may need more info/resources?
I’m sorry for all the questions I just need to get all my information but I have more concerns
I am truly apologetic..the info you gave me earlier was lost..
Okay. Thanks for the info. You’ve been very helpful!
Thank you so much for this information. I greatly appreciate it.
who would I need to speak with in order to get more information
Not until he is able to look at site to see if the information there helps him.
thank you. I was able to locate the information I'm seeking.
This is  great information!! I really appreciate your help! Thank you!!!!!
Sure, please let me know what information you need.
Ok yes that information would be helpful - thank you
will your office in NYC be able to provide some information to me?
I tried finding information but could not find anything
that's ok I did read that and did not get much information
Thank you,I will forward this information a.s.a.p
Ok. These address you gave is free of cost for informations?
do i just call them and say lawhelpNY gave me their info?
How do I get them to switch my info to get their money?
Thanks for the info. I will give them a call. But 8 want to know more.
we have gone through and added the information that we thought it was asking for,
It gets much deeper, however I don't want to divulge too much info here if that's not necessary.
I have the book for this information but i do not know how to do this need help were can i get help at
I am going to read that information over and will let you know
Very helpful. Thank you for all the information. It is greatly appreciated
Great. Thank you so much for all you help and the information you have provided. We do appreciate it!
Thanks - this shouldn't even take that long but I will keep the information on hand in case
maybe help them navigate the courts website to help provide the information they need
You found the forms and legal information very quickly!
Great! Thank you so much for the information. I am good thanks !
Thank you, not at this time. I will do some searching with the information you provided. I appreciate it!
Okay thank you for the information that helped a lot
not a problem. I will keep this is mind. Thanks for the information and your help today.
Thanks Very Much. I will try these information. If I need you I will call you again. Thank & Have a Wonderful day.
Thats ok, not yet. Thank you for info. You've been very helpful.
Okay, thank you for all the information and your help today
Yes I would like an info about my legal rights
Oh- yes can I stay on this page to have access to the information now?
No Thank you Thank you for the information hopefully I’ll get somewhere have a nice day sincerely
I need assistance with information about my legal rights only
I really appreciate you sharing these resources. Thank you very much. Will try them now.
Yes but I don't know all his information on him I don't work
No thanks I'm done now; appreciate the information
They take all my info again and I still can't get answers in when I will get money
Okay.  Thanks.  I was trying to figure put the forms on the website do these people can help?
okay that you so much for all this information I really do appreciate
thats ok i have all that info have a good nite
No, I think I you provided me with enough information to get a good start. Thanks again for your help!
Thank you very much ! You provided me a lot of information. Today . Bye now
as of right now no i just want to make sure i have all the right information before i do that
I did see the rights info earlier this evening.
Thank you for your help. I will give her this information so she can call directly.
any additional information would be very helpful. thank you
Got ya. Thank you very much for the info!
No, this information is a big help. Thank you so much!
Yes legal information regarding situations like this I suppose
Hello I need legal help about a situation
Would also like more information about my rights
No Thank you if I do indeed need anything else I will look up here again Thank you for the information I appreciate it.
Ok thank you so much for this valuable information
Would you be able to help me in this case /or give me some information to help me
This is very useful information. Thank you so much. Have a great evening!
Thank you...I don't have any other questionsm  I will review the information.  Thanks for providing this service
That would be great thanks, any info is a big help
I don't have a clue as far as where I go or what I can do to find this information out
Thank you for the information. I hope I can get this resolved as well.
I am searching for additional information on an order of filiation
I wouldn’t mind both for as much information as I can get
Okay anyway, thank you very much for the information.
I appreciate the information and help. Yes please provide the form.
that is all the same info I ran into and could not find any help.  Thank you for your time though
Please provide free legal services information
Thank you for the information I appreciate it! I will read it all right now! Have a great day! 🙂
OK do I come back to this to see if you found more info or is that it?
Thank you so much. You've been profoundly proficient in providing me with necessary information that I need to rectify my problem
any other type of information you may think is necessary?
hi I just lost  the page you gave me with all the informative information
ill give u any info u need
Hello, I need help to figure out more information
Yes I would like information. Thank you.
Ok, I'll try and figure this out. Thank you for everything. :)
okay, please let me know when you get some info. thanks
Okay, thank you so much for the information. I will follow up with them.
No ..Thank you very much sincerely appreciate the information
If you have no information at hand that would indicate laws for this dilemma, then I will continue on with my search for information.
I can't seem to find where to look up the information.
I just asked you for legal information and you told me you cannot help me. Why are you asking me again?
Don’t know where to start to look up the information
Do I have to wait until he officially completes school to begin the process?
I'll just read this information and see if I do later on.
What more do u need? So I know what info to tell
Would I give them the same information I gave you today?
I can look into that. What type of information would he need from her? Would she have the right to it?
Great, I was just copying the information. I will give it a try. Thank you.
I am going to look over this information first thank you
I thank you if you help me find that information, what information do you need to find
Wow amazing resources and thank you so much
if you not willing to provide that without more information please let me know
Ok so just keep doing it until they realize this situation is serious
Thank you so much for the help and information on this matter.
