looking to Get results of paternity test taken
i had filed a paternity test in court and I wanted to know if my case is a essential case
how long does it take for the paternity test to be available?
How can I get an old copy of paternity test?
How do I find to a paternity’s test for my child
I just want to know how can i go about seeking a paternity test for my daughtef
I have the certified paternity test that shows he’s not the biological father
Hey how you doing I wanted to know where do I pay for the result for a paternity test that I took already in court ?
I am the child’s mother , I just wanna file for a paternity test
Because the child was born into a marriage, I was denied a paternity test
I have a 7 year old son and i want to take a paternity Test
thank you! I would have done an uncontested by myself but I need a court ordered paternity test
im looking for paternity test results that was taking like 25 years ago
I need help getting a paternity test
If I have proof of the paternity test should I bring that as well?
i have a court paternity test that was done will i only be able to find out the results in the hearing
I want to file for a paternity test I know the mother's name, city, & state just not a street address. Is this a problem
Can they use the blood work from when a prenatal paternity test was done in NY about 5 months ago
in regards to getting a court ordered paternity test
Just a few quick questions. Is paternity testing free at the courts?
can i go to family court for a paternity test. Yes or no
if I filed for a paternity test will there be a court date
looking for document to put in request for paternity
I want to get a copy off an 4 yrs old paternity test
i am accused of being a father to a child. I would like to take a paternity test to make sure this is my child
I would have to file the paternity case? or he would?
I live in another state then the person im filing to get paternity test from does that make a diffrence
to get a court ordered paterntiy test
My mother and her identical twin sister were part of a paternity court case that their natural mother filed in 1941-43 while they were babies.
im looking to get copy of paternity test that was done in nassau county like 20 years ago..
I have a question if parents live together and father signed acknowledgments of paternity can a paternity test be done threw the court
No we was supposed to have a court date 4/20 to do a paternity test but covid hit
I went to court and they are asking for something else instead of the father doing a paternity test
How long does it take for the paternity test to come back
Would I have to go through the courts or a clinic for a free paternity test?
I  just  want  to  know  how  to  get  and  file  a paternity  case an  order  of  filiation
What papers do I file with the court. In NY for a paternity test to see if I  am the father
Do you know how long it takes to receive results from a paternity test and how would I be receiving it?
can I get a paternity test ordered before the baby is born.
what kind of establishing does the court require besides the obvious with a paternity test
I would like to know if a father can have a paternity test without the mother ?
how do I file for an order of protection to challenge a paternity case?
Ok, is  filing a paternity case against him an easy process?
Hey ! I would like to know the cost of a paternity test in court
I want to file order of filiation.... does that mean I’m required to file for a paternity case?
I have a paternity test and the father wants to give her the last name
I wanted to take my son father for a paternity test
My buddy has been waiting for a court date for a paternity  test
hello david i need help on a paternity petittion
That's why I ask if the two biological parents have to go to court to file the paternity case until my divorce comes out
so they do your income first and then send you for a paternity test afterwards
is the court able to get a paternity test for free
Good morning I want an old  paternity test that was done in this court about 4 yrs ago for my daughter
Yes a paternity test thru the courts
Ok thank you & will they be able to help me with a court ordered paternity test?
i wanted to know how to get a paternity test at family court
Hello I just have a couple of question in reguards to paternity test
