Okay I'll try thanks for the help
Ok thank you I'll give them a try.
Not at all he is trying help me get back to work
There was no particular issue just tried to find a way to find aid from this organization
Okay.  Thanks for your help!  It will be worth a try.
I'm trying to start a case to get sole cust
I have been trying but she doesn't even know what's going on
I am currently going through something and trying to get some legal assistance
Ok thank u I’ll try also
Ok i will keep trying thanks any way
Can you guide me towards someone who would? This isn't for me so I'm trying to help someone I know as much as I can
ok I will try them right now hopefully they will help
I'm seeking possible legal help
Ok let me try this  one , if anything I’ll be back thank you again
Hi. I'm trying to find somewhere to get legal help, but I'm not sure where to look for my situation.
alright. the one i tried went to a certain point and then said i couldn't finish it
Ok thanks I’ll give it a try
Ok, I’ll give it a try, thank you
I'm  trying to get some legal help
There isn't much that I've tried to get someone to help us
im am trying to enter a new one
No, not at this time I’m just trying to find someone to help me quickly
I've heard of this and never knew I'd ever need it or where to try
I know they aren't free I'm just looking for a list of names, I'm trying to find someone specific.
Tried to look for one myself, but just, wasn't succeeding
Hi Lindsey. I'll try to make this as simple as possible.
Ok thank you I'll give it a try. Thank you for your help.
I’ve tried everything I can’t get through
No my friend does I'm just trying to help her find help with the situation
Ok, I'll try. Thank u
Okay ty sorry just trying to find some direction.
I have been trying to find assistance but it has proven quite difficult
Ok thanks. I am not trying to be difficult but I have tried almost all of these resources.
I did...and they told me that the amount im trying to get back is too small
im trying to find someone to help with this matter
I am trying to find something but I just started working
I was trying to see if I would be able to get legal help
I don’t know how to get to the page I’ve been trying
i will  try hopefully i can find what i need with your help thank you again
I'm trying to find some kind of legal service that could potentially help her.
Hello, I am trying to find out where to start in this situation:
I live out of state now and I'm trying to see if i have to go back
I try tht befor they can't really help me
I'm just not sure where to begin on trying to help her.
I am trying to start the process but i dont know what to do or where to go
Oh okay I see I will try that thank you
Hello  I am trying to find get help for my
ive been trying for over an hour to get some help and nothing.
ok I'll give that a try thank you for your help
Thank u im going to try it
Ok I will give it a try thanks for the help
ok so I’m trying to find out a few things
I’ve tried everything possible I don’t know what to do
I’m just getting the run around I’m just trying to find out what I need to do to get my kids
Ohhh ok, I’ll give it another try
