I'm having an issue receiving the 13 week extension on my NY State unemployment benefits.
Hello. I applied for unemployed benefits  because of Covid-19, but it turned out that im not eligible.
Hi there. I need help finding free legal representation/advice on filing for a hearing for an unemployment benefits discrepancy
I need to find an unemployment lawyer  to speak to regarding severance, retirement benefits and unemployment
If my unemployment benefits were not being taken fully, I'd be fine
Taking unemployment benefit can affect getting City job and social security
i'm looking for the legal intersection of covid, unemployment benefits, and student loans
I do get unemployment benefits but they take away half of them I cannot survive whit that type of money
I need to find an attorney that deals with unemployment insurance
I have been waiting 10 weeks to receive unemployment benefits and can’t get a response by email or call back
I have unemployment insurance benefits  card from key2bank debit card and I can't withdraw money from my account
I understand this but are those benefits considered as income? They’re not public benefits but rather federal and non taxable
What are the steps to go about if they’re contesting unemployment benefits
I recently started a new job and they have sent my employer Notice to Withhold for Health care  benefits.
I applied for unemployment benefits and got accepted and they need all paid money back at the department of labor
I have a complicated question regarding my NYS unemployment benefits
I was denied unemployment benefits and need a free attorney to help me
I'm trying to find out how to request for reconsideration unemployment insurance
Good afternoon, I am inquiring if this service will help determine unemployment or disability insurance application.
I was receiving my unemployment benefits  and accept a job in June and start training
This year I'm doing terrible almost running out of unemployment insurance benefits
Do I continue to pay because I am unemployed or is that taken out of my Snap benefits
I never received my unemployment benefits despite applying and receiving a monetary determination in early March
I am a victim of New York City unemployment insurance crime and discrimination.
No I’m also jobless and I have been applying for jobs nonstop. I need a job right now with good pay and benefits
And I am still not able to certify for weekly benefits or get paid
of  a court case in 2000 about whether she was eligible or not for social security benefits. Her name is Margaret Maclean
Looking for someone who really understands the pandemic unemployment insurance policies.  Not just regular unemployment policies. for NY State
Even I’m getting unemployment benefit
Where can I get person to petson help in getting unemployment benefits
denied regular unemployment insurance benefits. Live in NY self employed in NJ 3 weeks nothing for the $600
After being in the  VA healthcare system for 32 years, recently told no longer eligible for VA Healtcare benefits.
Hi, I need to consult with a lawyer in regards to how unemployment / covid benefits effect section 8 housing
but they stole it and stole my employee benefits of my Prudential group accidental benefits
Hi, I was terminated from my private disability insurance on Monday
My previous employer has appealed the NYS Dept. of Labor's decision to pay me unemployment benefits and I've already been given backpay.
Do you know of any attorneys in my county that charge for their services that deal with unemployment insurance
Would I be still eligible for the unemployment benefit I resign? Or do I have to wait until I get laid off?
Yes. I was laid off and my employer is not contesting unemployment benefits. I would just like help to file correctly.
It's been well over 10 years since I have had any cost of living adjustments  also he maybe working and collect unemployment benefits also
Sure. I am looking for advice on applying for unemployment insurance.
I got a letter from DOL regarding unemployment benefits I received for 11 different weeks
Looking for a lawyer for unemployment benefits claim against my wife for determination of overpayment  and  requirement for repayment
she is not being paid industry standard for her work or ofered benefits
I have an unemployment hearing about my benefits and need legal assistance
Denied unemployment insurance benefits in New York, self employed in New Jersey. 3 weeks nothing
New York State unemployment benefits
Need help regarding my unemployment benefits
I need help. I filed for unemployment benefits and my claim has been denied.
i filed and unemployment claim with a pandemic application in April and i haven’t received any benefits
Hi. I have questions about unemployment benefits, but it's a complicated question.
He lost his job in July and has been getting unemployment benefit.
I didn’t idea that the unemployment benefit is a income
Thank you so much i'm gonna check the site now. Also right know i'm receiving unemployment benefits due to the situation. This afect me?
I’m looking for information regarding employee health insurance issues when leaving a job
