they said they only take landlord tenant cases
The tenant moved in without my consent and refused to pay rent for the past 6 months
i need help with a tenant not paying the rent
I’m a tenant looking for an attorney against my landlord
Other tenant in building where I live is dealing drugs and the landlord refuses to evict tenant
tenant is responding to complaint, in timely fashion.  rent was already paid days ago.  private.
With the pandemic goin on can a landlord sell a rental property leading to a eviction of the tenant
i need help  with a  tenant not paying the rent
if i am a tenant and the landlord sells a house can he order me to leave
Yes. Good afternoon Molly, I am a landlord and I have a tenant who has not paid rent for the past three months.
Landlord tenant case holding not primary residence
I need to get the forms to evict a tenant for non payment
I’m a landlord and need to evict a very bad tenant. In light of covid, when can I do that?
Yes the notice will be given to the tenant. They are not paying rent.
I have a tenant who refuses to pay rent and I need to know how to get him out
i am being evicted but i am a victim of landlord tenant law
My tenant did not pay me for the month of April and never even gave me notice that she wasnt
I am looking for pro bono lawyers in regards to landlord tenant issue
hello I am a landlord looking to get help regarding questions of the tenant protection rent thing in place
Hi do l find someone to help with a Tenant landlord issues
I want to find a lawyer about tenant eviction
landlord stating I have illegal tenant living at the address
I’d like to know how I can find out if a tenant got evicted before?
I am looking for an attorney for a landlord tenant Court
Tenant is playing the game by not pay the rent until now since pandemic.
if it’s legal for a landlord to keep the last month rent if the tenant is renting only a room
I seeing the page is all for tenant protection. Where can I find landlord protection as my tenant hasn't paid my rent for many months
Hi Franklin, sorry i disconnected before. I was the one with being a landlord and a not paying tenant
I need to start eviction process on a tenant
tenant also had previous eviction right before mine
I am looking for a pro bono attorney to help me on a case Landlord/Tenant
Yes I’m looking for advise as a tenant about my landlord Raising rent
I really need to find a free landlord nd tenant attorney
I called they say it’s only landlord tenant
hello.  i would like some information about my rights as a tenant, specifically with regard to landlord entering apartment.
I don’t know if he’s considered a tenant. How do we evict someone who we never rented to????
Hi , can we evict a tenant who doesn’t pay rent during this time ?
I need an attorney that helps people with mental disability and can take cases tenant against landlord
Looking for help I have landlord tenant issues
In the middle of trying to rid of things and settle estate and keep thngs paid with my friend as a tenant
i would like to start the evction process of a tenant
Hello. I need full legal representation for a small claims landlord-tenant case.
Would these be useful in regard to a situation where one tenant is harassing and intimidating another in a sublet situation?
Hand a tenant close to 6 years ago who stop paying rent
My tenant seems to have the impression she doesn’t have to pay rent until December
Stated illegal tenant because my property does not allow home owner to rent out to tenant.
I am landlord, I want to know how long can I start evicted the tenant before not paying the rent
I’m looking for an attorney for a tenant eviction issue
I’m looking for free advice for a tenant vs landlord issue
Need assistance with an 84 years old tenant who is in Section 8 and wants to evict a Co tenant who refuses to get out
Is there ever a situation when a tenant who literally cannot find suitable housing can have longer?
I need assistance finding a lawyer who can help me with a landlord/tenant case.
Can a tenant withhold rent due to discrimination and feeling unsafe due to another tenant?
I'm only seeing landlord requirements not tenant
