Do they automatically register judges orders with the county clerk?
I know it. My aunt used to be town clerk for over 30 years.  Thanks for your help
courts are close and ive been trying to contack the clerk office
i used it and left message for the chief clerk.
I can't find any information online about how to file a POA with the county clerk
I have no idea of what I need to do to file the POA with the county clerk
Is there a DIY form to file a power of attorney with the county clerk?
Is there a way to access the information online or do I have to contact the clerk directly ?
oh there is a head clerk of county at 111 centre street - any email/contact for that person/office/division by chance?
Next step is Queens County Clerk Office
The POA is already complete. I simply want to file it with the county clerk
Good afternoon is Bronx county clerk open for marriage register?
Calling the court clerk would be my next step.
the county my mother lived in at the time of the divorce and 4 other county clerk offices in 4 other counties. NO LUCK!
What am I suppose to file with the county clerk and court?
Ok. Can the clerk of court explain what it supposed to be
The ordere says the CLERK was supposed to file it with the CSU
So without having filed the money judgement with the county clerk, it looks like he basically sold this property out from under the judgement
Hi, I want to know if I can go to clerk and get my records?
Both. The county clerk in delaware county already looked for me in that county and 4 otheres near there and could not find one
My concern is that today marks 30 days from that file date. Should I I go to the county clerks office?
I went to the genesee county clerks office to do that. So it would be genesee county court?
There are no other instructions on the site and the court clerk doesn't seem to be familiar with any additional required docs.
I think the county clerk's office is part of Kings County Supreme Court. This POA isn't relevant to a court proceeding
Whats the difference between filing on line, and filing with the country clerk?
and im not able to reach the county clerk
No. The county clerk is a separate department. They deal with all types of legal documents. Not only court filings.
I'm almost certain that a lawyer can figure out how to file a POA with the County Clerk
However, the County Clerk cannot provide a certified copy unless the POA has already been filed with the County Clerk
Txs. This works now. Do I need to pay the County Clerk for an index number in order to start this process?
i called the clerk’s office and they directed me to the website
do I have to call the county clerk's office? I tried to call the one in queens but no one picked up
email address for clerk's office NYC housing?
I am sorry...I was told by the court clerk that this program would help me all the way through the needed forms
is the county clerk's office open if I wanted to get a copy of something?
I  will definitely call the court clerk tomorrow.  Thank You
I was going to give the name and number of the employer to my county clerk's office
No. A DIY form to file a POA with the county clerk.
I just don't want to spend unnecessary time going to the county clerk's office
I contacted my county clerk asking about the offices and they were not sure either
How can I contact the court clerk's office for the White Plains City Courts?
Ok i will give the clerk office a call thank you
I have used the same system the county clerks offices use The NYS clerk record search website
What is a warrant for child support back payment that states must be filed with the county clerk?
a judgment was filed with the suffolk county clerk for unpaid medical bills
Ok, then bring those to the magistrate's court clerk? I imagine notarized?
My cases would be against the counties involved , their DSS , their Sheriff's departments , and their assigned counsel programs.
No I will use this information to contact the clerk and get back if needed
I figured that. I don't know why the Supreme Court doesn't have any information online about County Clerk filing. It doesn't make sense
Some kind of connection to criminal court clerk office perhaps?
Where is the nearest county clerks office? I live in the Bronx 10452
My daughter is turning 21 on April 23 do I have to go to Putnam county clerks office in court house to file papers?
Erie Supreme and County courts Chief clerk's office attention CCT
