Besides filing to petition for visitation, what else can I do ?
I want to file a petition for my kids I don’t want no visitation rights
I need some help to petition for visition for my grandchild
Good morning I’m looking for the form to put an petition for visitations .
hey, do you know about how long a determination has been taking for visitation petitions given the pandemic?
Can file a petition ONLINE  for family court visitation?
i would like to know how to file a petition for visitation online
I just wanna know how can I put in a petition for visitation of a child
yes I want to file a petition for visitation granddaughter lives in rochester ny Monroe county
I would like information on how to put in a petition for visitation
I need to know how to summit a visitation modification petition
my partner and I are petitioning for formal visitation of his children
I want to do a petition for child support and visitation
How would a non-custodial parent living in a foreign country go about filing a visitation petition for children living in Suffolk County?
I'd like to know what organization can assist me in filing a petition for visitation
I am in need of help with a visitation petition filed in bronx family court
I need information on how to file a visitation petition
I NEED HELP FILING A VISITATION PETITION FOR MY GRANDSON
Good morning I know Brooklyn family courts are not open I want to file petition for visitation
i need to know how i can file a petition for child visitation rights
I would like to file Custody/ Visitation petition in family court in the Bronx
I also need to file a visitation petition as I haven’t seen my son in months
Hello, I was hoping for some guidance/clarification on filing a petition for visitation
Do I have to show a change in circumstance to file a modification of visitation petition?
I need to find the form to petition for visitation of my kids
Does he file a petition in NY or in Florida for visitiation?
I completed the DIY Custody/Visitation Modification Petition Program. Now I want to file it. How do I go about this?
I want to check about child visitation petition ?
I would like to file a petition for visitation of my children that moved out of state a few years ago.
How can I file a petition for child visitation rights
I was looking for DIY forms to file a petition for visitation
How I file a custody /visitation petition online
Where do I file a petition online for visitation rights
I would like to file a petition for visitation
Where does a grandparent  find a form to file  a petition for custody/visitaion?
Yes ... Hello am I able to file a petition of visitation online?
I want to file new petition for visitation
i would  like to know how do i file a petition for visitation online?
hi my name is anna rossitto I wanna to file a visitation petition for my grandchild can I do online
am I able to go into the court house and file a petition for child support and visitation?
I’m looking for a lawyer I can speak to regarding a modification of visitation petition I’d like to file.
I need to file a petition for visitation to Westchester family court
where do i downlad the custody/visitation modicfication petition program???
Good morning wanted to know if it is possible to file a petition for visitation online
I need to start a visitation petition and child support petition
I need help with filing a petition for visitation
I need to file a petition for cutody or visitation
Hello I contacted my local court for information in regards to filing a petition for visitation . I know the name of the form is g17
how to do I go about filing a petition for visitation while COVID 19 is going on ?
