I need the actual forms to file in court
Ok and what the name of the form I need to file
okay but would you happen to know the specific form that need to be file.
Yes file # 14567 docket # F-675-11/20A
ok cool this is the docket number: V-25482-16/20C
yes. my biggest concern is filing the correct forms
I can send you the docket number and file number if you need it
Hey I want to know if Form GF-171 is e-fileable
Yes ,I have names addresses , ss# court docket #.
it could find the docket or file number I provided
I believe that is the start YES now I just need to find appropriate forms to file this time around.  THANK YOU!
file number and docket nubmer are same or different?
i also have the file# and Docket # also if needed
I would like to know  where can i get and what forms to file for legal
is there a way to use my social and search online for docket or case numbers connected to me?
Ok would you need my docket number
I already called I just need to file form I cant find the form
Which type lawyer can I use for assistance?  How do I find out the docket number if the case?
Hi my name is Robert Johnson and my case number is )#BF34334B1
im not sure what all forms I need to file
I need help in regards to choosing the right forms to file
I understand but what does it mean to "out your docket number information"?
File number 247268 docket number f-05467-20
I dont have a case, file or docket number
so the form doesnt need to be filed anywhere?
They are asking for the file number or docket number which is what I need for my lawyer
I need help finding forms to file
i need to know what forms do i need being after that i filed
ok and would forms be there as well to file?
To scan it in and yes I understand that. They said they are backed up so e filing is best
no thank you. E filing this is free of charge, I just can’t find it on their website
That would be helpful, but where would she file the completed form?
I know the file number and see the documents on the websurrogates.ny site
I have a file number and a docket number if that help?
I need the court case docket number
How can get e file date when i have not e file yet
But won't that require a file number. I have nothing but the names and address
I just need to know the types of forms i can file in this matter..
I’m on the web side where I have to go to. File the form?
Am I able to file this form online at all? Or should I bring it somewhere?
Thank you! I looked but could only find 2 forms that were for if you already have filed
I don’t know if they gave it a docket number either
i checked all of the docket  number under the judge name
1 case number is 8 8m  -62264
ok. What form would I need to file and can it be done online?
I filed case a year ago Docket #: F-13371-18/19A
Im Having issues with e filing the the#8-2 form
Any help would be appreciated. I need to know what form to file with the court.
