I rented an a room in manhatten paid first month and security deposit have receipt.
She is trying to deduct my security deposit for small, petty matters. I just want to know my rights.
and he had initially agreed over the phone to withhold my security deposit as rent for april
Legally, does a tenant on a month-to-month lease have to give 30 days notice to receive their full security deposit back?
I have a question about getting my security deposit back from my former landlord. Would you be able to help with the legality of things?
That didn't help..I need a number or something not no website that explains a security deposit
My landlord refusing to return my security deposit
is it legal to charge a security deposit over the set rent amount
The person I signed lease with is trying to keep my security deposit
Can you tell me if it is legal for a security deposit on an apartment to be nonrefundable?
Could you help me find free legal services for security deposit return issues?
My landlord wants to evict me for not repaying  security deposit
I also asked for the amount given as a security deposit
Thank you. Also I have a question regarding the security deposit of 1875 having been transferred over to the new owner.
I need to get my security deposit from my previous land lord or room mate
I'm looking to figure out how to deal with an issue of a previous landlord refusing to return my security deposit
Can I have resources to take my landlord to court for security deposit
so basically I signed a lease and put down the security deposit without actually seeing it
I have a question about getting my security deposit back
Hello, I have a question regarding tenant/landlord security deposit. Is that something you could possibly help me with?
when I inquired about security deposit  they didn't want that in writing
Is the link regarding security deposit the same for Broome County?
I have a question regarding getting my security deposit back from my former landlord
I'm looking for legal advice on getting my security deposit back
Can a land lord ask for first month last month rent plus security deposit?
That would be helpful I’m just concerned with all the new covid rules what it means for security deposit specifically
I was given your info from the office of civil justice.  I need legal help with an illegal sublet and return of my security deposit.
I read about the reasons to keep a security deposit but those don't really apply to this situation
when I moved in I paid a 2 month security deposit
If i break my lease, can my landlord keep my security deposit?
I am considering signing a lease but I have concerns about the legality of the security deposit as it is equivalent to two months rent
So if I sign into a new lease she technically has to give me back my security deposit right
the security deposit should of cover first last and dep
Yes.  I'm just interested in security deposit laws where I live before I move forward
I said when family friend moved in...im sure she gave first last and security deposit
if the landlord took over one month to refund security deposit and did not include interest - what is my recourse?
I moved in august 1st he accepted security deposit.
How long does my old la lord have to return my security deposit if I vacate the space?
Can a landlord charge more then the rent on a security deposit?
I need information about security deposit laws
How long does a tenant have to wait for return of security deposit
I know the new law states landlords have 14 days to return the full security deposit or partial deposit with an itemized list
Hello I have a few questions about getting my security deposit returned
I was checking to see if I can still use my security deposit to pay for rent?
