its ok this is why i need to reach out to someone for legal help
Thank you, I will reach out to both of your suggestions. I greatly appreciate the help!
Perfect! I will try to reach out to them through the website. I thank you..
i'll reach out to the resources you provided for exact information
awesome! Thanks!I will take a look and reach out.
alright thanks I see the web links and will reach out from there.
i thank you for your time and all your help...i will reach out later on today or tomorrow in reference to the process
Ok great! I will reach out to these agencies for some advice on how to proceed. Thanks again!
You have been a great help and it is a relief to know that I had someone to reach out to.
no. thank you for the info you provided. i'll reach out to them.
I was told I would need a referral or I would have reached out before now.
Hi! I'm reaching out on behalf of someone who only speaks Uzbek
I have already reached out to this organizations and some or not able to assistance and others I am waiting to hear back from
I guess I should probably reach out to an unemployment lawyer or accountant?
thanks, can I read them tonight and then reach back out with questions again
As I mentioned do you know of any other locatons or places I can reach out to
That’s it! I will start reaching out, thank you so much!
i was going to tell her to reach out to safe horizon re the OP
ok Lucas. I will look into everything you provided. If  I need any further help, I will reach out again.
Thank you and from there  will the appropriate  jurisdiction be assigned the case/ reach out to her?
I will review it and reach out if I have additional questions or concerns.
I have already reached out to local congressman with no avail
Yes , it’s very urgent and I’ll reach out to them now. Thank you so much for your help.
ok perfect. oh ok i will reach out to them for more details on the filing process.
Thanks,  I will definitely reach out in the future. If I need any more information.
is there an email to reach to someone that would know?
Not today.. but I will reach back with more questions I’m sure.  Thank you
No that is all. Thank you for your help. I will reach out to them. Have a good day.
Thanks. I appreciate. I will reach out to them now. And in the meantime, I hope you can remain safe and healthy.
okay, thank you.  I'll reach back out if I need?
Thank you but I've read all those thats why I'm reaching out
What can I do or file to get permission to leave from the court, or is there anyone I can reach out to for help/permission?
Alright I'll definitely reach out to both. Thanks again
I sent a message on that webpage yesterday  and no-one  reached out to me
can i reach out to the organizations on this page to get free assistance?
Thank you so much I will start reaching out immediately
Ok I will reach out to them ASAP. Thank you for the info
I'll look into both organizations and also reach out to LIFT, thank you!!!
ok I need advice now so I will reach out to these organizations for advice. thank you for your time.
Thank you for the links I will take a look and reach out.
Great! I will reach out to the Utica location! Thank you so much!!! You are great!
Ok thank you. I will reach out to them and see if they can assist. Thank you for your time.
Ok 👍 Thank you ! I am assuming since today is a holiday I should reach out tomorrow?
