ok- but he owes me a lot of back money.
I was told I owe money for claiming benefits on weeks that I worked.
I lost my job due to covid, I cannot pay what I owe and am wondering how to file a response
hi! I have a question about unemployment debt NY state is saying I owe
I owe money for what’s left of the financing contract and I need a lawyer to help with that
My husband was employed with a company last year owes him since.
there's no way I can pay everything i owe
i neeed help i have not much money and lots of debts
I’m looking for a lawyer who can help me sue a person who owes me money
I want to pay online and find out how much I owe
I don't know I just got a call one day and was told what I owed
I dont remember being told that I would owe them money
I thought it could help with the back pay I owe
How do I figure out how much a specific house owes though?
Looking a lawyer to help collect my monies from someone who owes me
I'm not trying to make payments. The non custodial owes me.
What ever I pay a lawyer will most likely equal the amount he owes me.
do i need a lawyer to represent me because i owe money
there is no money in the estate to pay the attorney with.  he owed more than he has
I would like to know what do I need to do if some one owes me money
and I’ve also paid the arrears owed
I need to file a claims in a small claims court for money owed to me but dont know how to go about it
I have an eviction on my record from 2016 which states I also owe money. How would I go about resolving and/or paying this?
He owes me over $7,000. I know I won't see that either.
Also, if someone owes you money and you have to take them to court, how do I go about doing so
if it's legal aid then I already have that.  i'm just being charged for days i don't feel I should owe
She feels she is “owed” this money yet he pays for everything and they live with him.
Now de said I owed 2600 dollars
Since the case says closed do I still owe the amount of money that accumulated?
It says it filed by a friend over amount of money he claimed I owed him over a trip
Now she trying make me pay back sonething I dont owe
sone owes money and need help to get it back
Also would that take care of any arrears owed
the judge finally rendered a decision where I owe money, and I just was wondering what the next step is.
I paid off my arrears and found a job and now i may possible owe again because we were hit with a pandemic
VA Petersburg office says I OWE around 12k
this is in regards to money owed from 9 years ago, would this still be where i would go
so from now to april 13, how do I calculate how much I owe? do you know?
