she is a cotenant (she was processed by the co-op etc, and pays rent directly to the landlord)
landlord sued me because i can't pay rent
I need some insight on the proper way to negotiate a rent reduction with landlord due to covid
my Landlord told me that I will need to leave my apt if I can’t pay April rent
Not sure if I need to take further action after all rent was paid  to the landlord  after the date on the notice of eviction
Hi, I have a question about my landlord increasing my rent
hi Annie, so I've been having issues with my landlord throughout the 2 years I've been renting
My landlord raised my rent started August 1st 2020. Is that legal? How do i go about this?
Ok I'll try but I don't think I would need take further action because the landlord got the payment for all the rent
Never got a rent blissey, the landlord take cash and walk away
i can't pay back rent that my landlord wants
I need to know my renter rights. I have a situation my landlord will not pay for
my landlord told me i will need to move soon because I haven't been able to pay rent.
what do i do about my landlord though?  I'm worried b/c rent was due yesterday
Hello, I am a new renter and looking for legal help as i am having trouble with my landlord
I received a letter from my landlord “fourteen day rent demand”
Hi Ester.my question is concerning is it legal for a landlord to divert rent payment towards a a great situation?
i heard that landlord should pay me up to for 6 months rent. is that true?
what do i do about my landlord?  I'm worried b/c rent was due yesterday
my landlord told me that I will need to leave my apt if i can't pay my april rent
i can't pay the rent I owe my landlord, I can pay going forward though. Now  my landlord wants me out
hi yes i would like more information about scenarios in which i can hold rent from my landlord.
No the landlord had me pay deposit and last month of rent
my landlord told me I will need to move soon because I haven’t been able to pay rent
Can the landlord sue me for not paying a month rent?
my son who used to live in Brooklyn is having issue with landlord for not paying rentf
i rented a room and gave the landlord one month of rent a deposit and last month
I’m not get paid from my landlord,he just gave me a free rent apartment
My new landlord wants to increase my rent 60%
is my landlord have the right to increase my rent by $150 in one shot
I need to know how much my landlord can up my rent
OK what about the new landlord can he really raise the rent an extra 150.00? I thought it was only a certain percentage?
Thank you.  Can a landlord raise rent by 10% at once?
Yes, somewhat although I'm not sure if it applies to me as a renter rather than landlord
It is a 2-bedroom apartment and the building is owned by a private landlord.
So I'm having issues with my landlord (3 yes now)and I want to make sure that I can peruse to rent withold
