A generalized question. Like last year's taxes, bank statements, etc
the school is still getting the tax money as if they were
Is the combined income on a  joint tax return considered 1 parents income?
I see some schedules on my tax return so yes
How do I get a individual tax Id number and how much is the cost of it
I need free TAX assistance for my father ( 72 Years Old )
I file injured spouse every year on my taxes so they cant take my refund
They PA wants to know if inheritance tax was paid in NY. I dont believe so, her estate was under $500,0000.00.
Tax collection action by IRS, NY state & PA
Oh so we already came to an agreement for filing taxes.  So I guess should we notarize the paperwork
He does claim income for taxes, is basically being paid under the table...
so I believe he makes more than 15% of last year tax return
20 year paid income taxe
And I'm here now doing her taxes etc and caring for will etc
And I had a job last year so i filed for taxes last year
I'm aware that they won't be wiped out. I just need my tax refund not to be garnished.
but it doesnt have to be mandatory to take any taxes correct? paystubs will work as well correct?
Will VITA tax prep help him with filing his taxes from previous years and get penalties reduced ?
Is there a way to get a green card without get married? I have an tax Id number and I pay my taxes
the property is more a liability than an asset to the county and the property taxes in the next few years
I am looking for help with a tax debt litc
2018 tax file for $27000 a year and most likely I'm same income or less a year of 2019
i have been paying the taxes  and i was getting help until i went into hospital
Hi Grace! If I file a homestead by 4/30/20 how many years preceding this year can I recoup property taxes?
Correct. Will the courts use my income and my spouse's income on a joint tax return as the total determined income.
I thought this was tax help lol sry
Does filing their own income tax return count as being self supportive?
Esa es mi pregunta tengo social no tengo residencia pero pago mis taxes
Well my paper work says " a copy of your most recent state and federal tax return with all schedules , attachments, W-2s and 1099's
She mind to give me my money from stimulate check and tax refund
They don't think they're responsible for paying a portion of the taxes
IRS tax. but this year I earn $50,000 less
Ye she filed taxes 2 years ago on the business
I havent been getting benefits since July because they need my taxes. I havent filled out my taxes.
and they took half my income tax money
I was looking for information early about not being able to pay taxes and having the money
