Yes please let me know their contact number
I have contacted the office in canton and they could not help me
Can I give u my email address to send me
unfortunately, for me I have contacted all the ones that are in my area of issue
I would appreciate that. I really need the assistance. I'm not getting anywhere with the resources that I've been contacting.
yes they gave me your info to contact you about this matter. I work with the Kinship Caregiver Program for Long Island :)
Thank you! These resources may be very helpful. I'm just curious, what does your group do besides sharing other groups' contact info?
And then gave the phone back to him without the contacts he needed
offices in rochester, ny for law help, just general contact to provide as a resource
Ok I will contact legal aid society
Ok, thanks so much for the contacts. I really didn't know where to start to find good legal help. Thank you!
Ok, thank you. I am taking note of those as contacts as well.
I have called the 315 number and they was the one that told me to contact you guys
in case I’m not able to contact an attorney
Contacted legal aid where i live and no response from anyone
Im not sure if I'm even contacting the right place
Would you happen to have a email address where I could contact them I just don't know what to do
can you send this information to my email address which is Traceyjohnson211@gmail.com
It is about contacting me frequently with distressing and threatening messages
SORRY BUT THE COURT HELP GIVE ME A CONTACT INFORMATION SAYING THE THESDAY AND THURSDAY FROM 4PM TO 70 PA
would you have a specific phone contact for the Civil Courts in Queens?
I’m going to contact them today thank you so much I really do appreciate you taking your time to help me
do you have contact numbers for the bar association or grievance committee
Thank you very much.  Appreciate it! Can I contact you again, if for any reason if they are not available.
Thank you, I've contacted places similar to these with no success I hope these work for me
Okay, thanks! That’s a help. I will contact them.
i realize that i may have to pay for services but i had no clue who to contact
i understand.  but i found out about this too late to contact legal services
My email address is jbsmokshop@gmail.com if you can give me any information
thank you so much! I will read it and contact you again if I need to.
That is all.  I will use the contacts provided.  Appreciate the help.
i'm confused, these are all lawhelpnyk contacts. how is that different from this chat line? aren't you working for lawhelp as well?
Okay. I was i think pretty much told who to contact re: the yogurt, but not who to contact re: ( if any legal ) recourse
No thanks I will review this information and contact the individuals provider have a safe and bless day
Do you have the contact information for family court at 60 Lafayette street ny, ny 10013.
I contacted Tina C. Bennet, Esq. (Father's Rights Lawyer)
I got contact information from AUBURN,by civil court for free legal help.
Thank you, ill contact later if I don't get through w/court answers.
would that be a police matter would you know or do I have to contact the record's website?
I was reading that we need to contact an agency here, but I'm not sure what agency
OK. I will try to contact VOLS phone. Appreciate it very much.
O.K. Thanks. I will contact a legal service. Thanks again. Have a Good Day.
okay I will contact them and if I have an other questions I will contact you guys
Should I look elsewhere? I suppose I can contact one of the matrimonial attorneys I know.
but I was unable to get contact info after opening these links
Thank you so much i will start contacting them numbers today
however contacting legal team can get that info
Thanks, but the link isn't working. Can you send me the contact information please
Where to go who to contact .... the proeprty was located in bronx ny
Ok, I will try contact that,thank you for help
Do you know if there is a hotline that I can call if I am unable to get in contact with one of these agencies?
great thanks. i do not have a cellphone and would prefer an email contact if possible
Thank you for those resources and I will  contact them!  You've been very helpful
Please send several e-mail address so I can contact them.
Sorry lost contact w/ Annie
Should I contact one of the legal parties   within the website instead
or a general email address for the AGC at the 1st dept?
Hi I would just like a contact number and address for monroe county
i already contacted thenand they coudl not help me
Is that somewhere to call or can I contact someone this way
Okay I would appreciate the contacts and what ever information you are able to give
Who should I contact to see if she can get her money back?
I am atrempting to contact this referral but it is coming back to you.
Thank you, so just contact them with my issue and see what they say?
First, there is the Legal Project. You can contact them at ... (copy and paste contact info here)
Hello I need to get a copy of my child support order who do I contact
yes but can u just give some lawyers that i can contact
Supervisor sent the email company wide
please may i have the email address for the 3rd time?
From some months ago, I filed but couldn't make it so no one ever contacted me back about a new court date
sorry 4 speliing my keyboard letters r sticking can i contact by phone
My head hurts from typing on phone too long - I’ll contact at a later time. I appreciate the help. Thx again - best regards
done.  again, thank you very much.  i will contact you again if i have more questions.  have a good night, Shabnam. :)
Yes, thank you very much. I will be contacting them. Thank you again.
Am filing a order  of protection against my husband and I cant get the right email address to send my documents to
Okay I wrote it down I am going to contact them now thank you so much. Have a great day !
We don't know where to start or who to contact about this any help would be appreciated
Ok Yes I have been in contact and 311 has not been able get in touch also
The link isn't working. Can you send me the contact information please.
Okay Thank you I'll contact them directly
I would like to have the email address to family court in Westchester
Okay perfect ! I will add my email address now :)
okay im going to check the things you gave me,and if i need more help i can contact you here?
i just wanted to know if you had the email that i can send my  custody  form to for orange county family court
I call that phone number as well before I got in contact with this website as well as contact with you Lindsay
for manhattan is there an email address for contacting the court for someone who is prose?
ok ellos  solo se comunican atraves del web side o tienen algun numero de contacto?
I am looking for an email address to send documents to Judge Elizabeth Bloom and the child support department at family court of Nassau county
can you please sent the form to my email address please
can I contact one of your attorneys for a free consultation?
great - who shall iaddress the email to @lenoxhilletc.com
Can you also provide me with a mailing address as  well
I suspect that a former employer is contacting or is having someone contact my  places of employment. That is becoming a major issue.
Or help me see which ones are best where I can get in contact with someone
Oh ok. I'll take the office contact information then please
it is not a Part 36 appointment so the page you linked/that contact person was not able to help
is there a list of lawyers that I can contact in Ontario county?
No I can't seem to find any information online on how to contact any
i am asking for you to please provide the email address you referenced above could you please do that so I can contact them?
Alright thank you for your time, I will contact them, until what time is live chat available?
i am sorry we want assistance in filing the papers from  community center  can i contact someone to see when it will be open again
It might be better to just contact one of those offices
I just need to find out why I wasn't contacted for my child support hearing.
no, I guess there isn't anything to do aside hope someone contacts me. thanks, colleen.
Because I cant contact that person by myself so I need help
Ok. That's great. Please provide the contact info.
ok. thank you. I will contact them. appreciate your help
I can try that... and thanks. would you have a lawyer I could contact also?
The site refereed me to contact NY court.
Thank you again, if any more help is needed I will contact you. Have a good day thanks again
thank you for taking the time to help me. I will contact a representative pertaining to the attorney
yes please and thank you that contact information will b great and to b clear i am the landlord
I have not heard back from anyone  who may I contact
I'd rather email. What's the email address for this?
yes, and I need some contact information to help with my case
An attorney I may contact with issues related to special education & rights as this.
Send who information are u giving me an email address?
Ideally we would like to be in contact with someone who can give us legal options.
Is not contacting a child for months a form of neglect?
I don’t see a contact number can you provide it pls
Yes, as attorney here said I need to contact someone in New York
Okay thank you,i’ll contact a legal aid group
if it doenst work , do you think question@nycourts.gov is a useful email address to use?
family court has a pro se email address
Can u tell me who i would contact hete
So I am looking  to contact someone who can tell me how to get this resolved
Yes. Thank you for your help. Any problems I will contact you.
Legal groups are specialized in one area of law in civil law and who I need to contact to.
i m wodering if theres someone in the state itself i coud contact ?
Very helpful, thank you. I will contact them both and see what my options are.
Hello! What’s the email address I can send notarized documents to?
Suffolk County Family Court in Central Islip.  I will try this as an email address.  Thank you for your help!
Thank you for the information and i will contact the people from LIFT.
Would you be able to point me in the right direction on who to contact regarding my issue
so what ! I’m contacting every social media outlet
I'm looking for the contact information of   Legal Aid Society of Rockland
Im looking for contact number for non profit legal services in cortland county.
can i get a contact for a legal aid lawyer
Has assigned council that has not been in contact since 3/??/20 was not
No I think I will start contacting on of these places! Thank you for the info!
but someone might take it too literally and not contact anyone before taking your advice
Okay...I will contact them to see what they suggest. Thanks Em☺️!
No he didn’t say.I have never been served or contacted in writing by anyone else.
Is there another site or office I may be able to contact?
Actually I’m looking to be in contact with a lawyer who can help me. Free or low cost of course
I contacted someone over a week ago and have not heard back
I had to do it Again, add my answers and sent it to the email address listed in the eleven pages
Can u please kindly send it to her email address directly for me
If possible yes, I would also like to know if it's worth contacting a police organization or if I should just contact a legal organization?
Ok do you have any email address on file for the Nassau city court?
I will take a look at LIFT first and if i can't find anything helpful there i will contact the court again.
Good morning well the reason why I’m contacting you is because I Well obviously like to get some information
If you could, please provide me with the relevant court's contact information. Thank you
Please send me a email address because unfortunatly every word I say is being listened to
Not sure who is best to contact for this, and hoping you can help.
I have contacted a number of organizations for help; have not found anyone to help me.
311 has also been contacted several times. Not really of any help.
Do you know who I would have to contact? I'm not entirely sure the organization.
The previous resource you posted is for dutchess county I will contact them. Thank you so much I appreciate your help. Be well.
I need their email adress so I could send them document through Law Help interactive
I would prefer to contact them.  Is  518-483-8049 the correct number
Thank you so much. Yes, Bronx, do you want my email address
my lawyer has made no contact with me in over 4 months
Do you have a contact information for the Free Mediation service?
I consulted with an attorney that suggested I contact the ny attorney general office
hello I was wondering if you know the email address for child support for the court house in 400 carlton ave central islip
I will let the police know if contacts me or comes near me
I did contact authorities out there but I was told the authorities here would have to contact them
Thank you. I will contact those number first and get back to you if I need any further help
Thanks, is there another agency in case I am unable to contact them?
Ok I was able to send everything to my email address. Thank you so very much for all your help.
but i dont know how to contact them since im here
Yeah I don't want to contact anybody I just wanted to see the form
He asked me to give you his name and number so someone can contact him
it has been a month of being looped along from contact to contact about this
I am wondering who to contact  and if there are any free or low cost people that can help me.
I need to know who I can contact with questions around a child being away for military training and child support payments continuing.
How do I find form EF 11 to update an email address
I thought that was what I was doing by contacting you but I guess Ill contact them
Yes, i need to contact someone so i can know how i have to proceed. Which form should i file
Ok is there any way the information you sent me can be sent to my email address
I have   contacted many   and   no one will take the case
Could you please e-mail the contact details to my e-mail:
Would emailing this be more helpful to me or do I need to contact a lawyer?
I WILL JUST INCASE I GIVE YOU MY EMAIL ADDRESSES TOO animihranian@aol.com
I have contacted,  a number of organizations in the last 3 weeks.
Not sure who to contact form the state or where to get help from the state to stand up for myself.
Yes please give me the link in can you provide me with the email address to send them to once I fill them out
No I just someone to contact to help us figure this out
Is this a lawyer chat or do you pass it on for a lwyer to contact me?
It’s not to late to contact a lawyer? My court date is one the 16
Only found addresses no contact phone number are you able to provide
Thanks for the information. I’ll contact the hotline first, since I can visit the office
I truly appreciate your response and professionalism. Yes, I would like the contact information to the organization that provides free answers to my legal questions.
What should i do, if i do not have the mothers address and contact information to complete on court forms?
where can I contact for a free court appointed lawyer
What should i do put if do not have the mothers address and contact information on court forms?
yes   all is ready just need the correct email address to send it
Thank you. Is there anyone else I can contact in case I can't get in contact with them?
i thought if i contact the legal aide society for help would that be a wise choice
Her current teacher took away the notepad and no one from administration has contacted me to follow up with this new incident.
hasn't contacted child in 590 days
Thank you. I'm not sure I understand how to e-file. I send to an email address?
when the child goes to the shelter, can i still contact acs?
It's not letting me open the file for some reason. Would you be able to email it my email address at selissa07@gmail.com?
How can I contact child support I'm not working now
they were getting me contact information for free legal services specializing in readoption in New York state
Thank you very much. I'll contact those services. I hope they can help. Thanks again.
Ok it’s not a problem I will try to contact them again to see what it was about
what is the email address to send family court forms
I would like a contact number please
Not sure, I will look it over and if I need something else, I will contact you later. Thank you for all your help!
Thank you. My therapist and my case manager told me to contact legal aid for help.. so here I am.
well I’m having a housing legal situation where I need to contact a lawyer
can I get the supervisor contact information please ?
I had contacted a few place that gave me they number I called that how I came by this website
Ive had no assistance  with this & please yes can you give contact info
Hello! I am contacting regarding a dishonesty in business.
we know they are in water town, and has been difficult to contact them (only through facebook)....we dont know what to do
I want to know what I can do because that coworker has in contact with the other employees
Ok great I'll contact them tomorrow
Great, I will look for it. Also remember to copy and paste the contact info.
Yes , the child has lived with me since birth he has not had any contact with his other parent since the date of last year
Ok thanks. Will contact later if I don't get help
Okay thank you so much. I will be contacting them and see what they can help us with
I don't have contact with the person who would be the biological father.
I have to look thru my phone I believe I have a contact number for someone
Or point me twds the right office to contact?
their kids never come in contact w other kids
I mean: "is it correct that I contact the DA's office"?
hello...I am contacting to get informational support regarding a civil matter.
He was about to send me the email for inquiries for the Queens FamilyCourt NY
Ok, I will contact everyone who can help in court.
In getting help, I can find their contact information, right?
Thank you Lucas! I will look up and contact the agencies to find out if they can help me.
yes, if there a service I can contact so I can speak with someone about the specifics of my situation?
I need the family court email address to send my dyi petition to
Now I've contact ACS because I was told from someone close to her she does not take care of him.
not at this time i'm contacting liftonlone, thank you
I do not need contact info for family court, thank you. I need the email address for my local child support collection unit, please.
Thanks so much for your help Jamie. I will contact these people and see what can be done.
i can’t find form for voilcent for contact son
i contacted 3 companies all said the same thing
please try to find that info for me there is supposed to be an email address
Thank you I will contact the attorneys above, you've been very helpful, thank you
Is there someone I should contact because the mother took the child back to her home with her wife
