ok thank you so much im going to look back at the information you sent me to know who to call
I got here through their website, but the page you sent looks like a good resource!
well a survey came on and I lost all the information you sent me
no, the list you just sent, I had already seen/found on lawhelpny.org
I wish but I guess I will see the information you sent me will help. Thank you for your help
no thank you i will look at the info you  sent have a good day and stay safe
Thank you so much this is very helpful. I appreciate everything you have sent
i will look at what you sent and come back if I need more assistance.  thanks again.
thank you I will try later and also with the information you send me thank you
I'm OK with what you have sent. Stay Safe!!!!
Okay - please read through what I'm sending you it's lengthy but it will help you get the gist of what I need.
can you send me information about where I’d find the records?
How I can I do a mostly find form 4-11 to do it online and send it
Please send me info about legal help
im sorry the page said it was not found- the last one you just sent me
are there any people who can look over the forms befor I send them out?
I just sent him the information thank you so very much for taking the time to help us
thats what i needed to know cause they told me what i needed to do but not where to send it
Yes, exactly, it sends me back to this page
I clicked the website you provided and it sent me back to this site.
I’m going to read over everything you have sent me right now thank you again
Please send information and Thank you for your help
Thank you so much I’m going to look into the information you sent me now. Thanks for being so helpful
it wont let me click on them sends me right back here
Yes but when I click on it I sends me back to this page
Ok thank you for your help I will look over everything you sent me
How to send the information and what information it is that I need to send
That's fine take your time anything that you can do or send to me that would help my situation I would greatly appreciate it
Okay I will look at everything you sent me! Thank you Amy
I'm sorry can you send me that information again I lost it
Hello rose. You were going to send me some resources. Thank you.
ok thank you i will try to get some help with what you sent me
No, not for now. But thank you very much. I will check out that website you sent me now
I love the fact that you explained everything you were sending!
