Is there a way to save this chat so I can research these websites
Can I save this page? I tried the 3 dots and that's when I lost the page?
Do you know if there's a way to save this chat to my computer?
When I exit this chat, please save it as N/A
Also am I able to save this chat so that I have the information?
Just wanted to make sure I have the right info to save time tomorrow
I created an account and everything it was supposed to save it especially if I created an account and it didn't do that either
Thank you. I'm going to save a transcript of this conversation so I have all this down
If I click on the link it may close the chat , how can I save them
ok I will  tell her, I am saving this website. Thank you I hope you have a good day!
can i save this i dont want to lose the info
Awesome!!!  I’m going to save these links and get started on them!
Thank you was just trying to figure out how  to save this information
is there a way i can save this chat for my own sanity in case I need to refer back to it?
is there a way to save these links after chat end?
Thank you for your help, you saved me quite a bit of time.
ok - thanks for your help today. Can i save this transcript with the links you provided?
is there a way i can save this chat so I can have the website for the petition
have account, is logged in. cant see anywhere to save work, and lose all evertime'
Wait. Is there a way to save this chat? I'm trying to copy paste it but it does not work
Great cuz I want to save this. Molly thank you so much
okay great Thank you for the links can I have this chat so I can save to reference back to the links attached
Great! OK, thank you, Shannon. A good weekend to you! (I will save the chat now.)
i just need the site page, i already stared a case and saved my answers...
Thank you for the helpful information. I will contact these agencies. I would like to know how I can save helpful information.
Last question: you just gave me a lot of great information. How do I save this chat to reference all of the links?
Have a great day and thanks again for your help.  I'm not going to shut down chat right away  because I want to save this.
Is there a way to save a transcript of this chat, or get it emailed to me?
Great! I’m saving all the links so I can verify them once our conversation finishes.
is there some way I can save this transcript to save all of the referral information?
Can I save this transcript so I can save the links you sent me?
im sorry I did not save the last information quick enough
Hi I used your website but saved my information because I don't have a printer how can I get back to my information
How can I save this info to get back to it if I need to try the other one?
