No thank you. I’m going to check out some of these links.
All.thise links bring me right back here.
Yes for the women’s law link you sent me, how do I talk to staff?
So the transcript will contain all of this information with links so I can access from my computer later?
What was that link that you just gave me 2 minutes ago?
Thank you. I see the last two are English. Will the first link have Spanish options?
So that link will bring me to the forms. Which one would it b . To restart?
that first link told me page not found
ok can you tell me how to do it from the page the steps cause once I click the link we will get disconnected
Am  when I click on the links it directs me back to this website
also a link to the form would be good sorry
Is there any way you could send me a link to the form i need?
I'm looking for a direct link to the modification form.
i see thank you ill check out the link
I am not sure if the above link refers to people on SSD?
No...but if you disconnect will I still be able to see our chat so I can write down a link?
Ok if I click on the links this will also show me how to file
But I’ll look up some info on that link you gave sir🙂
I’ll look at the links and see what I need to do thank you for the help
Thank you! Would I proceed by sending the parent this link?
Is the office you are speaking of listed in the link you sent?
ok i will check out the links, thanks for your help
I think if you send me the link to file I could do it .
When I click the Link above you send me it’s put me back to you
No. Thanks. I'm trying ro click on the links you provided.
I liked what I saw so far in the link. Thak u
that you send me the link I will follow that thanks stay bless
I understand. I'll do that and consult the links you provided. Thank you!
same link u just sent u sent again
I'm pressing on the link and it takes me back to this page
Thanks for those links. I'll take a look at them.
When clicking either of the links it directs me back to our conversation
Thank you. I will research the links above and find a way to solve my problem.
For some reason it won’t let me click on the link
ok I will go to the link you sent me thank you for your help
As for a link to the site, that's another difficulty I'm having…
Uhm that link keeps bringing me back to this chat
Ok thanks. I'll go thru the links.
The second link you gave goes to a "page that does not exist"
I click on the links and it comes back to this page
do you know the procedure or is able to give me a link of someone who can?
Okay thank you so much I will check out the link to see what I can do
Ok.  the link brought back to ths same page.
(if possible, try to send the link from LawHelp
I was emailing that link you sent me, Im sorry I didn't know you were still here.
Ok great. Thank you. I am going to try the first link.
I clicked the link and it brings me right back to you
You can’t just send me the link for I could open it and print it right away
I just want to point out that they do nothing other than supply a link back to you!!
ok thank you for your help i will follow link and call
Yes thank you for the number and link. Have a good day and stay safe and healthy
I’m going to look at that link that you just sent me thank you so much stay safe and healthy
thank you for that link i will def look into it.. you have been a great help
ok thank you and what about an updated link to the previous one you sent
The link you sent me comes right back to the website I’m on?
Thankyou.. ill give that link a try
yes, i am looking through the links now. thank you for your help
so when I wanted to pursue this, how would I proceed? Or is that information contained in the links you sent over
Sadly it says the second link does not exist.
I clicked on the link it’s sending me back to our chat
The link to the David Project just keeps bringing me back to this chat.
No  thank you I’m going to try does links
I hope I find the info I need in the link you gave me. Thank you.
And Jade, the link you send to me directed me back to the conversation page again.
The link keep sending me back to this page
No. Every link keeps bringing me back to this chat for some reason. I'm sorry
ahh alright then thanks anyway I will enquire of that thruough those links you sent also
I click on the link but it keeps bringing back to here
Thank you. I have saved your links. I appreciate your help.
The first link keeps bringing me back here I can’t open it
Ok got them and I think I have the other link thanks again!
I guess I'll call the 2nd link.
The last link that you sent pulled me back this conversation
If not let’s just start again , please send the link
Thanks and I will just check the link you gave me. Have a great night.
Ok, thank you for your assistance. Will review those links.
Thanks But it keeps bringing me back to the page I’m on when I click on the link
still came through as one long link?
don’t know how to send link... am on lawhelpny.gov
Ok! I’ll read this and call LINK!  Thank you for your time, if unresolved, I’ll br back!  ENJOY UR 4TH!
Thank    will try this link or call them I appreciate your help.
then call to find a lawyer or call the quadro link
Okay, thank you--I will read that link
Nope u been great I’ll follow up in the morning with both links u sent me
About the links you sent me all the time I click on it don’t take me any where but here
It brought me back to this page when I clicked the link
Send the last link one more time plz
The link you’ve sent is so irrelevant. I don’t understand why you would send me there.
Every time I click on the link, it sends me right back to here.
Thank you. That link refers to another page but neither has specific instructions how to file
yes that is the name change link that I used
They instructed me to go on line.  The link led me here.
Ok. Yes the link will be helpful and I do have questions
that was for Erie co. Can you send me the link for Oswego county?
That's fine but I will like the link to the do it yourself form. Thanks
The last link you sent is the same faq document
As I said, the link brought me back to lawhelp
If a link to direct me would be ok if you could
No mark thank you I will refer to the links provided.
can you send me the pdf link to complete forms?
Hi, I just asked how to efile, and because of your survey I can't access the link, can you pls sent to me again?
I already read the links you sent prior to contcting you.
The link you sent says page not found
no worries.  I will use the link you sent and start there.  Thanks!
The link you sent goes back to this chat
The request for letters link you set is good. Thank you for that.
The link keeps bringing me back to this chat
I have the link but there are several different forms there, can you tell the exact names of the forms
Ok thank you . Should I wait or click on the link now?
I click on the link that you told me to go to, were do I go from here.
Thank you very much.  Once I've reviewed do I return to this same page?  Or will the links move me forward?
I understand. My break is over in 5 min , will you send me the link regardless?
Everytime I click on the link you sent it doesn't load and it kicks me off.
I need a link to find help with those forms
I clicked on the link and I get a "page not found" result
So , I'm just need to choose 3 link above
Yes, thank you. I will click on the link afterwards.
no, I said to pick a few and send the individual links.
Thank you. I already copied the links, but I will do as you suggest.  Thank you again.
Oh ok I will read up on the two links then
No thank you :) but thank you so much for the links you have provided :)
Plz if you can find a form! In the meantime I will have a look at the link, your kindness is highly appreciated.
I will take a look at the link's you provided. Thanks
The links both direct me right back to this site
OK The link you sent  is there offices in NYC
Thank you so much for the links and the kind words! Have a good day and thank you for your time
Every time I touch the link it opens back up our chat
just click the link n then where i need to go
I realize that your last link wasn't to find court documents
Thanks. I tried the link but it says its a bad  request. Can you resend?
Okay I will follow the link and see what I can find out.
The second link when I click on it I come right back to you
That website says it a broken link (bad request)
(great- just sent you a link to chat for 5 min)
I have copied all the links...Thank you so much for your help this evening!
DONT repky I’m getting links
I don’t see the link for the form on that page without going through the “petition program” link
WHEN I CLICKED THE LINK IT BROUGHT ME BACK TO THIS WEBSITE...
Hi Christina can u send me the free lawyer link again
couple days ago somebody helped me and sent me a link
Ok, thank you for your help.  I will look at that link.
I click on that link and it brings me right back to this
The link that you shared above with me redirect me back into this chat
(remember to send the link to LHNY as well. See Task 1 as an example: (Legal Referrals - always try your best to send two)
Where is the link? I'm sorry, I don't see it
Okay I think we’re gonna get disconnected again once I click on the link
Hi. I lost connection after you sent me the link
when i go to that link it says page isn't available
i'll try this link, hopefully it will work. thank you so much
I didn’t get the link! I’m so glad it’s you lol
Great! Thank you so much for these links. This helps a lot.
So I just start the process online through the lawhelpinteractive link you sent me?
I think so.. i assume these links will get me the asnwers Im looking for or closer
Thank you for your help. Soon. I'll check the links
okay I’ll follow the link thank you !
I clicked on the link lol it brought me back to our conversation
No but will this chat session stay in my window so i can check all the things you have sent links to
Every time I click a link you send me it closes my browser
Okay, thank you again for your help.  The links were very helpful.
I'm back. That link ends with "housin" Should I just add a "g"?
The link kept bringing me back to the chat
The links bring me right back to this page
Got it. Yes, sometimes a link could be spelled wrong, but it is stull correctly hyperlinked
No. She sent me links for general info on my matters including my rights and such but that was all I had gotten so far.
Last link is somehow taking me back to our chat
thank you for now.i'm checking all the links you sent
And u sent me a link for free lawyers
I need to know the link to the forms not a page that leads to the forms1
Not at this time. I'll look at the links provide.
Do you have a link that provides the forms needed to start the process?
Every time I click on the link you send me it reopens to our conversation
I just click on the link on the page to processed? The program I guess
So the second link would be what I want or the first one?
I see perfect I took note of that link- it helps Thanks!
Thank you. Can the last link provide some type of answer or is it the same where they only give more links?
hmmmmm, I'm not sure why it links me back then
Every time I select the link you sent me
Ok this is great, I'll look at the links you gave. That's all for now, thank you.
Thank you this is helpful. Have all the links loaded. Have a safe and healthy day.
the links work fine, thank you again.. I will start searching into each page.
The link you guys gave me I can’t download
No, I'm going to the link to see if I can get it.
so just click on that link and i will be able to find an atty?
When I click into the link it open in other page and it shows sorry this temple is no longer avelible
I will take a look at the links you sent. Thank you!
I looked at the first link and it says people 60 and older.
That's unfortunate. I came to this chat from the link you just provided. It is not specific about which form to use.
ok i read both links , but i did not see particular forms. the hotline i am going into now
Oh ok let me see this new link
When i hit the link, it opens, then throws me back here
Not at the moment I will use the link you sent for further assistance. I appreciate you.
I think that is all for now, I will refer to your links and get some more help with this. Thanks again!
Okay the link you provided is sending back to the chat?
Thanks for the legal referral, but do you have a link to the form?
I just press the link and go back to the same page
The first link you gave me wont work it says page not found
(you can send a link to legal aid - but queens based one)
Ok thank you so much I will check links.. thank you again
No, I am going to start on those links you sent me....agIN THANK YOU.
I was told it was on this site, but I cannot find an actual link to the form!
Need the form link. I’m not sure what type of form I would need though.
If you have a link that you can send me I would appreciate it thank you
the exact language at the bottom of the webpage you gave the link to states
i will try the link or give them a call, than you for your help
Thanks. If you provide the link, I will pass it along to her.
whats the direct website to this ? i was guided here thru links
thank u but i wasn’t looking for links. i’m looking for yes or no and what the next step would be
No thanks. I'll pass along the link
That's the same link that brought me back to the law help page
That link keeps bringing me back to the chat
(Nope- please read through and send me some link you think are helpful)
Is there another link everytime i click its say erorr on the form i need
When I click the link it brings me right back to this
Hi Molly. I’m sorry we got disconnected when I clicked the link
OPK I'm on that link also thanks for your help
