also the fact that he does not want to see his son
He has a 4 month old daughter and the child's mother doesn't bring her to see her Dad
my first child's father could care less but my second childs father has done alot more
Yes i am ok with it...My daughter's husband is not allowing her to let me see the kids.
We don’t live together. I live at home. But he knows where I live
hello, I was a newborn and his father and I do not live together
That is fine but the only place i know is her mother's house and she is not there
I’m the father and the child’s mother doesn’t allow me to see my daughter sometimes
It's for child support. My daughter lives with me but her mother still get the money
I will like to know how can I get my child support from daughter s father even tough I do not know where he lives
It’s only 1 child. And he neither lives with me or the father. He is in Queens with his great grandmother
but she doesn’t live here. It’s only my Myself, grandparents and my sister which goes to college
My grand daughters they don’t want to live with her father
Both live at home with me and the father does not help at all this is why I have him on child support
i need to flie for child support my son isgoing to be 18 n his dady is not helping at all
I've by child's support for my daughter but the daughter she don't live with the mom no more what I have to do
My daughter and i can't see her because the mother will not let me
i am currently on child support because my daughter mother is on P.A and my daughter no longer lives with her mother
My daughter lives with me ever since she was born the father is not active in her life and doesnt have a relationship with her
it says i can't use it because we aren't the mother or father
I will continue supporting him and remain in his life but not live with him.
My wife and her new husband are not let me to see my kids
My mother is. Im helping her, as shes does not know what to do.
i currently reside in Florida but my daughter lives with her mother in Staten Island
my daughter is living with me but her mother got public assitisant  so they have me on child support
my son has finished college and doesnt live with his mother
neither he wants but he doesn’t respect ME or our home
Ok, but then I can't get support if the father lives with us
