I did not renew the lease which was sent to the landlord  and I havent sent a 30 day notice yet
I have not dared to request for rent relief based on that prior to covid becuase I fear them not renewing my lease
My lease will be up at end of August and the management sent me a notification of "no renewal of lease"
I would like to know my rights when it comes to a lease renewal . When rental is not in good repair.
Or does renewing the lease simply mean that all agreements from the signing date are extended as is?
Hello, how many days does your landlord have to inform you of a non-lease renewal for a one year lease?
Have not received my renewel lease from my landlord my lease expires May 31 I live in a rent controlled apt 67 years old
Need help with renewing lease trying to find out my rights
My landlord says he will not renew my  lease after 9 years ,  because I smoke a
I was given a letter by my landlord saying he does not wish to renew my lease. I would like to know what to do?
I've requested this renewed lease 3-4 times via email and phone and they simply won't respond
I do not want to renew my tenants lease it’s not an eviction
We are unsure if the new owners will honor our lease
Received a notice from the landlord not renewing our lease
Can my landlord refuse to renew my lease because I  smoke,  72 years old on ss
I am wondering what this means about my lease that is renewed through the program annually
Hi! I have just received a new lease renewal with an increase on the rent and would like to have some advise
If as a tenet we never receive a new lease, does the landlord have the right to automatically renew the lease without our permission?
I’m not sure the lease renewal forms say it’s issued under section 2523.5
I have message my landlord now 3 times (lease ends nov 30) about a renewal
They are saying I have to pay the debt in order to renew my lease on my car
My brother is in physical reh a vet n his landord doesnt want to renew his lease
My grandma lease will not be renewed at the end of this month by the landlord what can she do
Hello.  My lease ends on 6/30 & the landlord won't renew
But the case is that if I didn't renew the lease, the lease should end automatically
my landlord is slow to make repairs and I have grown frustrated.  If I report him to 311 can he refuse to renew my lease?
