I would like to withdraw a case I have against my child father for child support
I would like to withdraw my petition in family court.  What is the email address I may use to do so?
I understand there is an opportunity to withdraw my pending petition and to file a new petition asking for the sole custody.
How do I withdraw spousal support application after I have received my court date
The petition was to acknowledge paternity, i have a court date but i want to withdraw the application
Hello I am trying to figure how to withdraw a child support petition as we have settled out of court
How do I proceed in withdrawing a case in family court for support
Hello do you know if it is possible for a person to withdraw a custody petition in Family Court?
yes. I have an upcoming case for child mainteanance against my child father and would like to withdraw
Can I withdraw my spousal support petition online
my mother also need to withdraw the I212 petition for that man, he is undocumented immigrant
I have a child support case on May 26, I want to withdraw the application. how to do？
Hi Melanie, I would like to withdraw a petition
I WOULD LIKE TO WITHDRAW A FAMILY OFFENSE PETITION
Hi I was wondering how do I withdraw a petition for custody is albany new york...because the circumstances have changed
Can I send my withdraw petition in a letter to the court
This is very bad news. What are other options left for withdrawing my petition?
I would like to withdraw my spousal support petition ( file# 245608 )  ( docket # F-01294-20) against Doris Gyau my wife in good fate
Just want to know if he can file a petition to withdraw acknowledgement within those days
I need to withdraw a petition I submitted to the family court
I would like to know how to withdraw my petition for support without prejudice.
How do I submit a request to withdraw child support application
and if he does is there a way for him to file a petition to withdraw the acknowledgement?
To make it clear, I need to withdraw the petition for custody of mine just for the purpose of refiling it immediately.
