How is child support will calculated only salary of both parents and savings?
I'm not working at the moment,,,and child support wants me to pay a balance of $43,327.37,,,I don't know how's that possible
How do I calculate how much support I should be paying for 2 children?
In this instance it this considered child support then. He does pay his child support, but I thought the insurance was a separate entity.
ok thanks..i have another child support case where the father hasnt paid me
if my daughter lived with me for a year and went to school in my District do I still have to pay child support
In addition to child support. What else do I need to pay for.
What about ignoring the court order to pay all back support by Dec 7? What are his consiquences
I need information i am currently paying child support and she does not live with my son
I got divorced in 2012 my ex husband was ordered to pay child support. He paid 4x and then disappeared. What can i do?
There is also a balance due on my child support enforcement unit account. He hasn't paid a dime
My daughter turns 21 on 01/31/2021, would I still be abligated to pay child support?
yes and she was paying child support and then it stopped.. its been 9 months since the last pay
The noncustodial parent is not paying his child support payments and is in arrears
is his father still suppose to pay child support?
but, my ex does still pay child support
i pay for there school there colothes there school supplies she pays nothing and still recieves chold support
what if my child is already receiving 2 checks, do I still have to pay child support?
i dont pay child support for him anymore since he lives with me
My ex was ordered to pay back support by Dec. 7 .. he ignored this order
We agree on everything with our 2 kids. I will keep them an he pays child support..
I’M still paying child support plus insurance
What can I do about  paying child support in not working right now
My divorce has already been finalized. Dad has not paid me support and is behind a few payments
The first i am already paying $101/week How much will i have to pay for my 2nd child. Another 17%
he has not paid child support for the last 3 weeks
Divorce is pending. I have to pay child support but is from jobs I don't have any more.
now my youngest wants to come im paying child suppot for 3 children and 2 of the 3 want to live with me
I wanted to know if you dont let my abuser see the baby doesnt he have to still pay child support
I am paying 3 children on child support
in the case that he does take me to court and I have to pay child support will they take inconsideration what I have paid?
I am a non-custodial parent that I pay child support on
I am paying child support and my son has been living with me for 3 months now
I'm still paying child support for 2 kids.
How do I file for child support ? My daughter moved back in with me on 8/31/20 and her father refuses to pay child support
I am the person paying $$ child support and my son has decided to enlist..
Now, her husband told her he doesnt want to pay for child support
If paying child support and the child becomes emancipated under New York law and is not reported who is responsible for overpayment.
i need copies of my child support obligations that i pay
The custodial parent died.  I'm still paying child support. What now?
yes & also once he signs over his rights he wont have to pay child support correct?
He has paid no child support for approximately 2 years.
I pay child support I’m on the birth certificate
I'm paying child support but my son is living with me while his father is deployed
My son is always with me. We made decisions together and he paid rent as child support. It was our agreement.
I currerntly pay support for both of my sons, however my oldest son is living with me but I am stillpaying child support tohis other
I dont have a job and I'm not able to paid chil support
Was made to pay child support prior to that when paternity was establiched.
But she wants me to pay for braces I give her child support as well
He pays child support but not sure if it falls under a support violation?
Father of my children is not paying child support
My sons father did not pay child support for the month of April. What can I do?
my sons father has NOT paid any kind of child support and I need the help
I have a legal question concerning child support that I am to pay
I'm paying child support but I can't continue paying the same amount because I'm out of work
will they make me now pay child support to him till she is 21?
i need help getting a free laywer to represenr me st court my ex is not paying court ordered child support
i olso got injurie on my jobs no way for me to keep paying child support with working
he no longer wants to pay child support
I was told by someone that if the child lives with you then why are you paying support to the non custodial parent
And I am still paying the child support but my son decided to love with me
The problem is my ex been violating the visitation & parenting time. Also never paid full of his child care responsibility.
i need the petition ppwk for my child support case... he is not paying his portion of daycare thats on the order
So I can get my financial aid for college without having to put in their income, since they dont support me anymore.
If the non custodial parent receives social security disability as their only income are they exempt from paying child support
I didnt see my kids should i continue to pay child support for this month
I get lay-off how can I pay my child support
can’t pay child support amount
i have continue paying child support throughout this time as well
I just want to know how can I get more money for my child he only pays right it 47$
My daughter is now 21 and no longer need to pay child support for her
Me and my Ex-wife are divorced for 10 years and all this time I am paying child support on time.
He is not active in her life and only pays child support.
I want to get visitation rights and pay child support
hi, so i am 18 and i live with my mother, my father pays child support
I have a I pay child support at the moment but I had costady of the child since 8/6/19
iipay support but kid is in collage x left 2nd man and on to 3rd why do i have to keep paying full support
Is a non custodial parent required to pay child support after age 21 for a college student?
I have child support but he hasn't paid it since 2016
For the corona virus my company lay off me  so I don’t have work and not money to pay child support
What is my first step in getting the child support enforced and paid?
Yes, he has not paid child support since Dec 2019 and hes backed up over $32,000
One of the orders changed to allow me to claim both children on my taxes due to father being unemployed and unable to pay support
Hi my ex husband isn’t paying my child support
I paid child support at every month but this month i didnt see them i didnt pay yet
I receive chil support, can i claim the father to pay for have of the child care expences
Thank you..also to note, non-custodian parent pays child support to us thats filed in state of NY.
I have two children with my ex husband he currently pays $50 each child per month child support
He don't give extra money. Has not pay child support in a yr. I have got his check the gov is give everyone
My son is over 21 years old, why am I still paying child support?
And the test was positive and now he is hidden his asset to not pay child support.
I am a parent in New York Brooklyn and paying child support
I’m a mother of three teenagers and I pay child support weekly and I have not been working since March
If my son is 18 no longer in school, and works a full time job.  Am I still legally responsible for paying child support
She is the custodial parent and currently pay child supprt as the non custodian parent
I need the form for child support violation order for pay medical bills
my child was adopted and im still being charged child support
My daughter's father is on parole and he has vistation but hasn't paid child suport
I PAY CHILD SUPPORT 2 SOMEONE WHOM SHE HASN'T  LIVED W/ N 2 YRS AND SHE WORKS
can a person pay child support without their parental rights
the non custodial parent is not paying the new child support amount that was ordered back in February 2020
If the non custodial parent is receiving social security disability as their only income are they exempt from paying child support
Child support took my STIMULAS CHECK TO PAY MY HUSBANDS CHILD SUPPORT OBLIGATION
How do I get my child support payments to come directly out of my ex husband  ssd
The judge ordered him to pay all back child support by Dec. 7
her father has not been making the child support payments up to date and has arreaes
we are already legally divorced...and he is employed...he is just chosing not to pay me support. it is willful.
because the grandmother has custody and she’s the one I pay child support
Can a family member like an aunt claim guardianship to get the dad to help pay support for 19 yo?
My husband pays everything for his daughter, including health insurance, doctor co pays, therapy, childcare.
Im paying childsupport and she is not supporting my son.
I pay child support to my son's father, my son is turning 21 on 4/13. Will my order be terminated authomatically?
if I do have to pay child support for her will the take inconsideration I have two other children in the house hold
I have been out worker since 9-30-19 judge order to pay $25 a month of child support for 2 different cases
My name is Michael witter I'm not working so I can't pay child support
Am not working right now and can't make my child support payments.
Ok well is child support from her dad I'm the 1 on the case he is not paying anything & it is just adding up
He is claiming that I made more $ than he did the last two years and he over paid the child support.
Thank you! Child support payments are for 2 kids under 11 years old. Payments haven’t been made for a 1 year now
I am afraid of getting in trouble because I can't pay child support.
And made me pay child support and arrears
Good afternoon. Where can I find information on how much my child's father will need to pay in child support?
Okay I’m looking for a child support payment that was paid in July that I never got
I am currently paying child support to   custodian parent and currently supporting my daughter  financially and am responsible for her cost of living.
my ex has not paid child support in about 6 years per our court agreement
ex spouse has not paid child support expenses
Hi I pay child support minus half of the childrens health care cost as our agreement says we share that cost
I pay Child support and I get Snap benefits ( Cash & Food Stamps) how will that workout here in the bronx.
I’m paying child support from the unemployment
Get this case over with. Have the judge tell him it's enough already because he does this hes not paying support.
Is there a petition when I have a hardship paying child support
Hi, my ex husband has decided not pay court ordered child support. What should I do ??
The father pays child support for other children
Up to what age is a law in NYC to pay child support?
I am paying 29% of my salary for my first 3 kids
My oldest child turned 21 in August, n I'm still paying support
so i receive maintenance from my ex, i pay child support. he automatically deducts child support from maintenance as agreed in stipulation
The father of my kids is not paying the child support
NO, HE PAYS THE CHILD SUPPORT.  HE'S ALSO SUPPOSED TO PAY 70% OF ANY MEDICAL BILLS INCLUDING MEDICAL INSURANCE AND HE IS NOT PAYING THAT
he's in contempt of court for not paying a portion of the child support
do you have to pay to put your child in voulentary placement
I called to see Why so much is still coming out of my check cause  I paid all support and arrears
I can't pay child support anymore
Because we don't have a child support order in please he has been paying the rent up until last month
I am unable to pay child support any longer
My husband stopped paying court ordered spousal support, I do not have a lawyer to help me
good morning I pay child support and I need help
I pay arrears for Childsupport But two states are involved .
My son had turned 21 in November his father wants but pay from November 15 till now
And if they do find him will he have to pay back child support from the time he stopped working
has older child paying for her own food, etc...
do I as a non custodian parent still responsible for child support from public asst even if he's a emanicated child under 21
I pay child support but cant see my child
i pay child support for my younger son that lives with his mother
theres a program that help pay child support
Lower my support payment for child over 21
his father rarely can be bothered to see him and hasn't paid child support in years
I been paying child support for my son who has been locked up for 3years
my sons father hasn’t paid child support for a year how do u go about it
Back child support yes paid a total of 72,000 from 97- present day
I need documentation that I’m paying my child support
I have a question. If my daughter is 16 and is having a baby. I’m I still responsible to pay child support?
I need help im paying child support who is not living with her custodial parent
My ex seems to have won a case against the doe. He hasn't paid his child support order though
I’m a dad who pays 400 a month to my child’s mother and wants to get court orders child support
Thank you this child support processing center is like the mafia. They don't care they just want to get paid.
There are so many different places I was told.My ex is not paying his support and we really need the money. This is a mess
im the father who is paying the child support
My question is how do I go about violating someone that hasn't paid child support  going on 2 years now
I pay child support for my daughter yes
I've been charged for child support since march every week  without me working
Well I've already gave up rights a long time ago and now I'm terminating child support cause I already paid what judge wanted
I'm unable to pay my child support
the child no longer live with the mother and I’m still paying for child support
My child's  father is already paying child support for another child how does this affect my son's child support when I file
so I pay $499 and my child support go up every-time I dint pay can they stop it until I go bs k to work
He did not follow the court order to pay all the back support
UGH, not Hathaway, I meant support that had been paid, sorry
But since March of this year, I have been paying child care and the kids have been home
as well as non custodial parent not paying child support
I have been ordered to pay child support.  However, the company  that is assigned to be middle man,  takes out any amount
accding to shared custody agreement we were suppose to pay our own expenses no child support but now situation is different
My son is20 and moved out of my ex wife’s house. Do I still have to pay support ?
He lives in my house so how I'm paying child support
In this caae i would pay for child support since they have already given me a first appearance
My father's son has not talked to him or seen him in 3 years and hasn't paid child support in 10 months
I pay child support for 2 children which are now over 21 years old
I avoided going through my working company because I pay personally for my children through child support online
ok. but i belive papers where already filed for child support. stating he has to pay 445 bi weekly
next month unemployment Money will stop So I’m worried how could I pay the child support
I wasn't paying child support for 7 months, so the child support payments went from 0 to $872
I pay child support. I am in arrears 45,000
Yes, but the current custody case is in Oneida county. I now have custody of my son but I'm still paying his mother child support
The child is 21 and just started college. Do I continue to pay child support?
In the state of New York , if a parent doesn't pay child support can they still get visitation
I am on assistance and do not have much money. My husband is divorcing me and refuses to pay support regularly for his two kids
hido the corona vrus i cant pay my child support what should i do
i pay this directly to child care should I continue to pay it?
Yes my boyfriend hasn't seen his daughter. He doesn't pay child support . And the mother doesn't allow him to see her
Will the fact that he doesn't pay his child support play into any of this?
of im already married to this person and they already paid child support can another man take me to court?
IF SOMEONE PAYS CHILD SUPPORT  UP TILL THE CHILD TURNED 21 BUT DID NOT EMANCIPATE THE CHILD DO THEY STILL HAVE TO PAY
My ex-husband stop paying child support as of October 2020
How are is child support calculated when the non custodial party is self employed and does not get a pay check?
Her father pays children support also they said it's not establishment of maternity
Do a parent pay support for a child that does not live with the other parent even if 18
Yes he's paying child support as of right now
Is not paying child support a violation of parole ?
i cant pay child support anymore
i have two kids and I pay child support every month without a issue
My ex has paid monthly ins as agreed for our kids since 2017
The mother of my son doenst want to let me see him and I pay child support
The father of my kids isn’t paying child support what should I do
The only person that really suffers is my son. I really need that money to support him
