Is full custody the same as sole custody (physical and legal)?
Hello I would like to file for sole or primary custody
will I also need to do a custody form? I would like to have sole physical custody and joint legal
How do I get started fighting for sole custody
It seems my ex wife has sole custody
Can you point me to the legal documents needed so I can file for sole physical custody
I am looking for sole custody of my son. What forms do I need to fill out?
I already have sole but the other party wants joint
My sole caretaker since is it possible to still file for child support
I would like to obtain sole leagal and physical custody of my child
i would like to file a petition for sole custody for my daughter
Ok so Im trying to file for sole custody
getting a passport would be easier with sole custody then having to file for the death certificate
I'd like to know about the difference between sole, primary, full custody of a child
I have sole custody and residence living in Niagara falls
I out in a petition for sole custody based on this and other reasons I consider her not to be fit.
I'm filling form GF-17 to petition for sole custody of my son
Hello I want file a petition for sole custody of my autistic daughter
she would like to know the rights she has by having sole custody of the child
i want to seek sole custody of my children
one more... is there information on your website that entails what sole custody means, will he lose his rights or can he still see her
Hello I just wanted to know how I can file for sole and physical custody
so in this case, one of us would have sole physical custody? the agreement is 3 weeks with each parent
I gain sole custody of both my children's back in March 6, 2020. Im now in the process of getting them a passport
we have a joint custody order in which I would like to Petition for sole custody
I want to file a petition for sole custody of my child
Can a mother receive a document stating that she has physical sole custody without the paternity of a child’s father?
Hello, i want to know whichs forms i would need to fill out if i want to file for sole custody
I need help finding the papers i need for sole custody
I want to get sole custody, then I can move to somewhere far from his mistress.
how do i go about getting sole custody of my son
Yes he does, I currently have full sole and physical custody of my son since 2012
Okay Now I understand. I can do that by going to the family court and ask for a sole custody
She disappeared on Nov 8 and I filed for sole custody on the 12th of the same month.
yes I will need a lawyer because I want sole custody fo my kid
I have sole custody does that mean his rights are terminated
My sole job as a mother is to protect my child.
I want to know if I get a copy of my son sole legal authority
I want to file sole custody for my child because her father has not been in her life. How I go about that
Can you please help me find the forms to file for child support and sole custody online?
I wanted to know if I could file for sole physical and legal custody, paternity, and child support at the same time
I need help finding the paperwork to print off to file for sole custody
i petitioned to gain sole custody of my son and I just wanted legal advice
I just want sole custody so I am able to get his passport
Hello I would like to file a petition for sole legal custody but there is none, there is only one to MODIFY custody
if i want to file for sole custody what forms do i need to file out and may i print them out
i would like to know where can I file sole custody? I live in Manhattan
I would like to file for a divorce.  I have sole legal and physical custody of my two children as of January 2019
yes, i'm aware. i need to know if she still has to pay that fees even after she had the sole custody.
I am looking to file for sole custody of my daughter. However it appears most courts are closed due to COVID-19. Please advise.
I would like to file for emergency sole physical and shared legal custody
Hello ashlee,I trying to find out some information pertaining to sole custody
i'm looking for the DIY forms to file for sole custody of my child
I would like to know how to file for sole custody of my son.
Good evening, I am interested in filing for sole custody of my daughter. Where or how can I start the process?
I want to file for sole custody of my daughter
I'm asking sole custody. Legal and physical.
If the mother has sole custody could I adopt my wife’s son
Hello. I would like to know how someone would go about filing for sole custody of a child
Ok thank you. One more thing is sole custody the same as full custody
being that she has lived with me all of her life does that make me her sole custodian parent ?
Hey can I file for sole custody online ?
Hello. Can you please tell me where I can find the form to file for child support? As well as sole custody?
i'd like navigation on file for sole custody
Am looking how to get sole custody of my child
i want to file for sole physical custody and shared legal custody of my daughter
because I Don’t   see the sole custody option
I have a newborn and want to quarantine and not come out - can I file for sole custody online?
I already have sole custody.  Terminate all rights for him
I am trying to find the form to fill out requesting for sole custody of my daughter
Hello I wanted to know if there is a site that I can get forms for petition  for sole custody  on line since Covid
Obtaining sole legal and physical custody for my child
My daughter is the custodial parent. She would like to file for sole custody.  How would she do that ?
i want to file for sole custody in suffolk county
I have sole custody it's a violation of visitation order
and does the fact that I have sole custody and he has no overnights play into the amount he pays
Hello, I would like to apply for sole custody for my child. How can I go about that?
I need to find out about the requirements to file for sole custody citing abandonment as the cause
i need a paper to said i have a sole custody
I am trying to find the forms for sole an legal custody ?
i am supposed to file a petition to prove paternity of my child so I can file for sole custody
how will my brother be able to gain full and sole custody ?
Yes sole custody no the child is currently residing with the mother
Can you file for sole custody of kids after they were released to you from foster care?
So you can't explain what sole and joint custody actually mean? I was reading the info on the website already, and that's why I'm confused.
I just want to petition for sole custody of my daughter
i need a custody order or sole legal custody for my children
ok so when i go there i asked them to modify my court petition and say that i want to file for sole custody
I need help filing for sole custody for my daughter and set up supervised  visitation
Hi, I have a sole & physical custody court order from Stamford Connecticut & I want to enforce in the Bronx . What will I need to file ?
When I file a motion for sole custody how will it proceed being that there is covid
hi so i need to file a writ for my daughter that i have sole legal custody for
Hi I have sole legal custody, of my child and I missed place the paper work how can I get another copy of it ?
So I would like to know how I would go about gaining sole physical custody so I will have the final say on this
i am looking to file for sole custody for my daughter
So I had my part of the rent for my place sole from my roommate, do I have to rent again/ money that they sole?
I am going to file to change my custody from joint to sole and ask for supervised visits
I would like a form to petition for sole custody of my 3 year old daughter.
where can i download the forms to file for sole custody
There's a two petitions against me one is for child support the other one is for visitation and sole custody
Hello! My question is how I can get a copy of my sole custody papers?
I would like to get sole legal and physical custody
This is regarding my younger sisters children i need too place a emergency sole custody papers
Mother is going for sole custody of children and we are going over visitations
I have sole custody and final decision making what are my rights with my child and their visitation with the other parent
I was recentlg awarded sole custody and now my husband wants to adopt my kids
I would like to know how to file for sole custody
and also where can I find the form to file a petition for sole custody
How do I file for sole custody in Bronx county
I obtain Sole Custody but the other parent has not been active in her life.
is there any way I can request sole custody as he is not part of my son's life?
Ex husband is keeping my children away from me. He is violating court order I want to modify agreement to sole custody
so would I be able to get sole custody of my son?
How do I file for sole and full custody of my child
I wanted to know information on filing for sole custody. Is I file a petition do I have to go to court to file it?
I will like to know how to  file for sole custody
im a single mother of a child of a disabled child.. do i need to file for sole custody?
I’m not sure. I partially got sole custody not just because I asked for it but because he was also a no show
Alright. I see. What about the petition for sole custody or any custody based on the alienation?
i need to put an order of sole custody again my child father not doing his job
my ex has sole custory on paper of our daughter  and i have sole of our son..
Hello have a question not married we are separating we have a 3 month old as the mother do I have sole custody
