It states that I need to file a motion with the courts, but it does not tell me what motion I should file
I'm trying to find a form to file a motion towards a family court case I have coming up
Hello I would to know how to e-file a notice of motion in nassau family court
Thanks. I need to file a motion to reinstate my bar license in New York since it was suspended for delinquent registration
I need help in filing a motion extension for a order protection that will expire on 2/3/2021
I need help filing a motion to vacate a osc default conviction in family court rights terminated almost a year ago
I am in Queens...  I just wanted view the motions and the progress that is current in regards to the foreclosure online.
hi can you please show me which form to use to file a Motion to Vacate the Order in family court
I need to get a motion to the court regarding a downward departure to reduce the sex offender status
also, all of the new motions, documents have my name on them.. is that normal?
AFFIDAVIT/MEMORANDUM ORDER TO DISMISS, SUBPOENA DEUCES-TECUM PITCHES MOTION COUNTER-CLAIM  CAN YOU FIND WHERE THESE FORMS ARE, PERHAPS A FORMS OFFICE I CAN ORDER THEM??,
I recently had a petition dismissed. i need to file a 'motion to re-consider'
I need a form to file a motion to enforce judgement in family ciurt
Hello! I need an all purpose motion form. Where do I find this?
I thought they were only hearing cases with fully filed motions.  I have not filed my opposition papers yet.
So, I could make this motion to another court in my county?
Hello, am I able to track a petition or motion that was filed if there is not a court date yet?
What about the names of papers motions, affidavit and all other legal forms thst I may be able to find.
how would I file a motion for surplus funds in a foreclosure
Or if there are diy urgent motion forms I can file online
I don't need the above link.  I need the DIY Form  - Motion to Vacate the Order
they have filed a motion, the judge has not decided yet
I need help to fill out form 14 motion  by family courts
Can i put in a motion after a judge appoimts a referee
So I need to put motion for lack of service?
Need to File a Notice of Motion against the Guardianship for exploitation
where / how do i file a petetion for a motion for downward suppoerr
do I have to wait for the termination decision to file the motion or can it be simultaneous?
I Need Help Fileing a Motion for probation Termination
i need to file a motion. I know court is open for emergencies only but i need to get this rolling
Hi. I am trying to find the write form to file a motion to relocate with the court. Regarding custody.
If I file a motion for reconsideration, of a Motion to dismiss do need I file an answerprior to the motion for reconsideration being determined
I have to respond to my partner’s request to dismiss my motion in family court.
I am on the process of filing a motion to enlarge time to perfect my
I'm completing a motion to vacate default judgment form and I'm unsure what needs to be written in on a line labeled "To_______________".
Hello I am trying to find a motion of contempt for violation of divorce decree and any forms relating to said issue
I just need information on how to correctly file a motion to recuse, so I can have a fair trial.
I am looking for a DIY form for “responsive motion”
Hi I just need to know where I can find a motion to vacate form for traffic tickets
like track a status or view a copy of the motion or petition?
So what's the name of the motion  I need to file
Attempting to file a motion with family court to get custody of my son
I am looking for the g-14 form for a general form , notice of motion and I can't find it
U would think a standard MOTION form would be used no?
I Need Help Fileing a Motion for probation Termination .
Hello, I would like to know how e-file a notice of motion in nassau family court
I need help answering a court paper for replevin and want to file malicious harrassment and stalking motions
I just need to motion of substitute service to file it
Hi. I need help in writing a motion to the court asking for an extension of discovery.
are the courts hearing these motions at this time due to the covid-19?
motion is granted for the surplus funds release.
Is there a way, at this point to check the status of a motion with the current conditions?
how do I get a motion to dismiss in response to a summons with notice
im not sure if I need a motion or forms for contempt
I need help filing a motion i don't know how to do it
thank you. WHat would make it an emgerent motion
Where can I find family law cases where motion to dismiss the log already and was granted for misconduct
Or file motion to vacate arrest warrant as well???
I have an eviction. The door has already been tagged. Can I still request a motion to stay?
Please tell me where to send an affadavit of opposition for contempt of court motion
not properly served notice of court date in which I want to contest annulment and  motion an order for divorce
Who would make the decision on the motion for the change of venue?
I am looking for help filing a motion in Warren county
*assistance with filing an Article 78 motion
He sucks lol I have a second motion on me to get a new lawyer
I would like to know how to file a motion to dismiss a case due to no jurisdiction
the judge denied it on the basis that she wouldnot entertain the motion because im repreesented by an attorney
I need assistance in filing a motion of dismissal of child support that i no longer owe to Yonkers welfare
motion to change attorney in a custody case
I need motion to vacate child support order.  Where is it ?
How can I obtain the paperwork for a motion that was filed in family court ?
there is a court order in place and the other party has filed an enforecment motion
Is there a template available for a motion to dismiss a family court petition relating to custody/visitation?
the support magistrate said i could file a motion requesting the legal fees i incurred
I have a case on Oct 11. How many motions to dismiss can I do
Hi I need a lawyer to set a motion for a vacate default judgement
how do I get a motion to dismiss form in response to a summons with notice
I need to also make a motion and possibly a cross-motion
I've read about filing a shoe cause motion, but can't find the form
I want to give up my rights for my son and how to file this motion for his father to take over
2) are motions for contempt of a divorce degree online
I need the correct Nassau family court form to fill out a PDF Notice of Motion
im preparing for the hearing, do I need to fill out a motion for what I would like modification to be adjusted to?
i  need help with a padilla motion case
I need to print out a Notice if Motion PDF  firm for Nassau family court.
I need some help with filling out the notice of motion
Hello, Gina I need specific forms to fill; Motion to Dismiss, Subpoena deuces-tecum, Priches Motion, Counter-Claim
And I need to file 1. Notice of Motion
Speedy trial motions to go to relatives home anything
I was told I need to file a motion but it needs to be done online
I need to know if such a motion qualifies for an emergency OTSC
Hi I would like to file a motion
The motion pertains to emergency situation with the child.
I need to file a motions  to reduce my sex offender status
Hello, my question is would I e-file an In Rem Motion for surplus funds?
How long do i have To motion court to vacate Default Judgement.
if there is one does the motion to vacate default judgement handle that as well?
I would like to know which form to use as the defendant to order a motion dismissing annulment by petitioner
