Yes. I support her and fully pay for sporting events and school activities as well
the woman is suing the school district and I am named as a respondent
I need to know my rights as an employee. Work at private school. On leave becasue too dangerous for me to be on campus
If I turn 18 and am still in school, can I still be independent and live on my own?
I'm schools Bus Driver and school is closed for the time being.
amish people can no longer have their kids transported to their schools because they aren't vaccinated
the school is ok with the letter since court is close for this services
Well I moved a bit closer to them now and for one of my kids she goes to school 10 minutes from me now
Right now with no school we are struggling without an ISP
Set to end when the child turned 18/graduated high school.
Correct. I am enrolled in school and cannot miss class
I’m also working from home and my children are still going to school remotely
i am currently at school near Nassau county
Can a public school deny transportation to a student for bad behavior? If not, under what circumstances might a student be legally refused bussing?
so i need to enroll her. But the school told me i need guardianship so i can enroll her in school.
i dont want to lose custody but i would allow her to go to school in jersey he is asking me to write a letter
Hello.. I am looking for information on how & where to file a notice of claim against the Schenectady school district.
I was told o to work from home for next 14 days as the kids school closed
Our son is 15 how long does child support go on for does it end with high school?
the Worker did threaten a court visit in addition that she can look up my son's schools herself
I am in need of a lawyer to sue our school district
I'm trying to look for legal services regarding an incident my son had at his school
with the covid-19 the kids have not left my home since March 14 the last day of school
SSI is stating there is an overpayment of 16,000 dollars. She went back to school and started working I think that's where the problem occured
she is ready for school and i need to get the last name updated
my mother in particular has been sabotaging my success in scholastic and financial areas with jobs and high school
I take her to school , where he will pick her up occasionally Mon-Thurs but the rest is on me.
I just want to appeal it to give me more time to find another place as I have minor children that are in school
It’s not in court it’s in the school system
Our school district has closed, the churches, and now some major retailers.
Does "physical custody" end when the child turns 18 regardless of being in school or not?
I can't keep a job and I'm struggling to finish school
im almost 19yrs old & live else where but am continuing school
on my weeks wither myself or my wife pick him up from the school bus
Child services needs to investigate why her school allows her to come to school in pampers and why no one did anything about it
I just want my Kenya home and get her ready for school
I'm a social worker at an elementary school in washington heights and I came across a single immigrant mom who wants guidance
I am assuming  the school nurce would rather has increased in her salary then  having unlicenced  personnal  who  can help her and  independent students.
Yes do you need my name as the advice is not for me personally I am researching for my martial arts school.
he’s going to be 18 in two weeks but the school and our apartment complex keeps telling us we need it
my son wants to go live with my mother but the school is asking for a guardianship from court and i donthave that
I'm not working now but my job as a school bus driver is paying me. I work for a private co. Not a school district.
basically that im ok with her going to school with him
I am looking for assistance in what papers I need to file first to have custody before relocating and school enrollment.
and the school is asking for residency custody paper
My son is telling his principal he wants to stay at his mom and go to school in buffalo
Also if they have to stay home due to schools shutting down will they be covered until PFL
It's a foreign name and it could cause him issues with school in that age because of the meaning
after it says against.....there is no option to select school district.
Can you tel me what the use ? Because I’m the one that enrolled the baby in school
but i provided a letter showing that money went to pay for school and then
My sons father lives out of state and our child started school we do not have set days but I have primary
Grandfather picks up my kids from school, activities, home, against my consent every other day....since Order was issued
I am looking for an attorney to help my husband and I fight a school district
Is there a way to get information about a previous case? I'm a mental health counselor at a school
Can the school legally mandate that I sign a document that waived my rights?
I have 2 children on order one is in high school still and during a pandemic they stopped The child support for my kids
Would I be able to get an emergency hearing because my son has been missing school since I live in NYC
Harrassment is usually subtle. One school nurce commended on me and my community in undermining way.
I doubt it. I think she does not want NYC schools to know her son no longer lives in NYC.
This is a private school and there is no union for teachers who work there.
I want to know my rights with my children's school?
my son is still in high school he never got left back and we going through pandemic
financial aid for school?  I'm not in school
but since this pandemic and remote schooling started I have my kid mon-wed 24hrs and thurs and Friday 7-3
I was trying to get information on filing a notice of claim against a school district for vacation payout upon separation from the district.
Do you know if a new custody agreement is worked out - is the school district required to assist both parents during their "weeks" of custody?
my school is there and I am looking for something near my school
Would his father need to put something in writing for me to enroll him in school
Is a school event that she was 1 of 3 out of an entire district chosen
My child is 2 , he is not in school yet. There is  no official documents.
my daughter has an order for support for her college tuition, but I have learned that she is not enrolled in school as of 2019.
i pay for there school there colothes there school supplies she pays nothing and still recieves chold support
basically giving him permission to enroll her in school
the school asking for a letter that im ok
Although it’s pre-k , he was already in school here.
Her own to another house and is still in school no FT job*
my question is can a school hold a diploma and not give to the intended recipient? Upon being promoted in grade?
Yes. If I tell you which school district, is that confidential?
Joan, sorry I lost you. I was asking about school nurses.
I'm having issues with a school regarding the school harassing my son during to me filing a complaint against the school.
On the website that you’ve gave me where do I go to file? Because I see a lot of schooling topics on there
the school is still getting the tax money as if they were
she is not working or going to school. she is staying half the time with the grandmother half with the father.
he kept me away from having a social life. and going to school
Can police officers Hall my grandson away from school
im looking for a change in school district form
She will also provide with assist in taking him to school and other activities
My daughter's school is closed indefinitely and I have no way of providing care for her
Ive been with him since the school's shut down and even before that
Well no wonder the school districts act like they do in Niagara County.  Thank you for all your help.  I appreciate it.
I am currently in school @ the moment & am receiving snap assistance
I didn't have a contract with the school. I was hired through an agency for the school nurse position.
Is his sister, step father, and school reason enough for change of circumstance?
1/24/2020 P.S 4 Duke Ellington (06M004) parent & student harassed and retaliated by school administration and NYPD school safety & 33rd precinct officers.
i told him to no longer pick up the kids from school
Just curious about what child support includes?  I am asking about school clothes, sports fees and equipment?
Me and a school nurse is covered by the same union contract.
Or notarize a paper for her to start school elsewhere away from home
I paid for our daughter school, have statements from a bank and her school. They were deducting directly from my bank account.
well at the moment we just want the kids to have someone that is able to make decisions for them for health and school reasons
I like to cancel visits because he is not hold up his end of the order and has my son missing school
mother doesnt  share school information or anything
my ex is a school teacher and I’m a retired officer
My kids stay one night with their grandmother but their school is even shut down do I have the right to tel her no
She won't even load school to be going through school even on the internet at her house cuz it's not allowed
if my daughter lived with me for a year and went to school in my District do I still have to pay child support
yes sorry I have been looking for 3 weeks A high school friend an attorney tried
the last court session we had the judge gave my child’s mother permission to leave at the end of the school year
Hi. I'm a parent coordinator at a school in queens trying to help a family of one of our students
Spoke to a representative and she identified that I need to file for an extension since she is in school
Does  a child have to be in college right after high school to maintain child support ?
I'm hoping you could help me with questions I have about filing for unemployment due to school closures related to COVID-19
the school district budget has an excess o 2 million dollars per year
No. Part time. He’s in the process of enrolling in school. If all goes well he will be going away.
ohhh like picking up a child from school late, or some form of neglect??
I am a high school student with no source of employment
Yes.  She is 19.  She left AZ when she was 18 and after her high school graduation.
He’s currently in school virtually so he would not miss out on any school
Hello I wanted to know if I have a case against my sons school
and the school won’t release anything either.
Hi. I am a high school social worker and my student wants to file for visitation for his child. What should he do first?
Is that legal he went to high school in USA?
