Yes, he has not paid child support since Dec 2019 and hes backed up over $32,000
Yes he's paying child support as of right now
I need help to fill out some forms to try to get my son from New York to Cleveland he's in foster care right now
Landlord telling me he's moving in July 1 with me
yes I need a lawyers help madeline massa my brother is gregory joseph massa he's the victim iam is sister nimner is 13475969944
I know and he's a judge and he gave me 72 hours to refinance my house what he's putting it up for sale
He doesnt stay more than 3 days, now he's here a little over week.
i told him - to stay away from them because hes cause them emotional distress
my sons dad has not been paying and hes mandated to
I have a horrible feeling that he's trying to run us out
i would like to but i cant call the police. he's made many threats to me if he is arrested
I tried to talk to him about this situation he's upset and will not listen
no hes my biological son  we just want to make my husband his legal father
unfortunately, the arrangement is from 2008. He's saying he's going to start making payments
Its not for visitation its to stop the payments because he's been living with me for 6 years is this all in this website
I think its an final order he's been on it for over 2 years
Hello hope your safe during this pandemic i am looking for a lawyer for my brother hes trying to get custody of his son
Unless he's going to tell me I can sue Nassau county for all the probs that have entailed after their screwup
Yes the child over 18. Hes 23 actually.
I appreciate that so, he's in the Bronx and I'm in New Jersey for the time being but I'm sleeping on the couch
Does named father have right to keep child,when he's not the biblical father
I need to access my son funds for his attorney fees. He's currently  in detention
he's saying he doesn't want to give me her
no, his 'rights' are basically from being on B.C.   He said he will fight for joint custody but he's not fit
i am looking for a lawyer for my brother's divorce case . he's sick .
It's impossible for him to go to court... he's in Paris,  France
Yes and He's still in Brooklyn Ny
I am afraid he will call the police again because he's hinting that I'm abusive  to My mom who has dementia
We had an affair but I'm not sure if he's the father
He's the tenant in the apartment, and says he can kick me out of it whenever he wants, because he's paying for it.
Am looking for Steven sheped i think thats hes name..
okay hes going to look and send the email to the record room
Is it my responsibility to stop the support of his fathers? Right now he's deployed in Korea
How can I do he's not workin he lost he's job
Also i have found out hes living with another women
The rent is 465 hes been charging me 565
I need to know how to and who to go to to have my adult son get out of my home. He's drug addicted
YES AND PRAY THAT THE MAD MAN LEAVES OFFICE,  HES THE CAUSE OF THE VIOLENCE, HES POISEN
I have custody of my grandson. He has Special Needs. He's going to be 13. He's been with me since he was born.
She hasn't allowed him access but said he's the father
on the document he states that i have not allowed him to see child since hes been back but left out the jail part
no shes threatening to take me to court and he does not want visitation with her. Hes 10 years old
plus i think he's having trouble identifying where he has policies and benefits still
I want some help. I have been separated from my husband. He's filing a divorce and I feel I want someone to represent me
Get this case over with. Have the judge tell him it's enough already because he does this hes not paying support.
He's attacking my property making it difficult to live here
But im told its not enough so basically hes getting exactly what he wants while i gave birth but am getting kicked while im down...
My heart is breaking. I dream that he's not thriving and super medicated.
Shes almost 9 now so she knows what he's like and wants to not be around him.
He's blatantly just said no to repairing. Lol
thats what im talking abiut he has made ut where hes in control of what i get on and anything
and my son but he was denied because he's on his mothers case but has lived there in two years
She has a house out of state leaves for weeks and months and he's left to fend for himself she doesn't care about my boy
I think he's trying to get me to leave so his niece can take over the apt
cause hes in danger in that house as it currently stands
I don't have any income but he does; does that mean he's going to get the custody of the kids?
i already have a order with thr judge thay hes violated and i beliebe hes been using my idenrity for much longet than i thought
Hes telling me I'm going lose if I go to court
Well hes in prison for 3 counts of first degree murder and possession of a weapon
I've called the police several times and I cant hey him out of the house because he's a minor
Now hes suing me for January through may of 2019 and I wasn't living there
He constantly calls me, shows up at my apartment, my work. I can't go anywhere without looking over my shoulder. He's been threatening me.
ok can he do it online being that hes on house arrest of he has to go to the court
and he's saying due to coronavirus, i cant continue with my visitation
Oops because of that hes punishing me by giving me a cause.eviction.please can you help me.
hes been in the apartment for 1.5years - but the last few months, his mental stability is wavering and it’s scary
I want to know we're I can't report that he's filed taxes using my kids
I see "you are a man who believes he is the father..." but what if the man does NOT believe he's the father?
he's in contempt of court for not paying a portion of the child support
I would like to know howndo ibgo about getting my ex to mive out? He's also my daughters' father. We are not married
he's called the police on me, unwarranted 5 years ago, I was examined and given a blood test and released
MY child is not bron yet im due in November 2020 can I start at case with the father being that he's dying my child
At 3 he has no memory.he is special needs and delayed so he's more like 2
Not really. But sometimes I'm a little nervous because he's so nutty. He lives in Pennsylvania and doesn't work.
yes. he's in the youth facility and he'd be better served living with me
But I would really like for him to be put on point he's very unfair to his child been nice since 2009 we settled
He's on phone. At door sometimes 2 an 3 times day harassing us.
I guess I wouldn’t be able to prove hes not complying with covid precautions anyway.
First he wanted their passport and I refused to send it to him, now he's saying I should come and get them.
he keeps saying he needs to know who's in the basement but unless he gave someone else keys he's knows it's me
We've spoken to a few people before, but because he's holding her license it sparked another conversation on the topic.
No she doesn't want to hear it she says he's to young and can't make that decision
He's all sound very promising and much more than what I've gotten today anywhere else.
At this point I'm not even factoring in the neighbor. He's a lost cause.
well hes unborn so i dont know
Lawyer thinks he's beyond approach.
He's constantly doing this to  her and never shows up for anything
No for surrogate court petition 17A. Yes he's 50yrs old with brain damage.
my tenant has a lease through 6/30. he has told me he won't pay what he owes and that he's moved to albany.
My son he's 18 almost 19 and he don't want to I continue giving him  child support
I believe he's been telling our family that I'm dangerous bc they seem scared of me
i think he's trying to get me to leave
He's been in prison for felony kidnapping with body harm send multiple DUIs and continues to drink and drive every night
