it would be me, my spouse and I have 4 minor children
My children's quarantine order is long then what it is supposed to be
What should I do? It’s  just myself and two children 5 and 6.
So do I file the petition? I just want my future ex-sister in law to stay away from me and children
Does the father have the right to prevent me from taking our children out of state for a weekend getaway? No court order
We are not asking for nothing to split.are children we had are grown my daughter,s father signed her both certificate
My childrens father only pays 42 dollars a week for 3 children
Parent who died family refuses to allow children to be with eachother
since he also reached out to my children’s father and they will not give me my children back because of it
I was threatened by them that they would take the children if I filed for divorce or custody.
All I want is to be able to provide for my children while going through this
hi i need help my brother wants the custody for his children
Yes my children are grown now I did it before with my oldest son for 10,000 GOD HAS BEEN GOOD AND HE PROVIDES
i would like to petition the court for legal and physical custody of my children that live in other states.
There is a pending petition by mother to get custody but the children are saying that we r hurting them
I was looking for a form to file for custody of my children.
If he files while I am in another state with children, would I have to come back here?
The children's mother is not allowing him to have visitation with the children.
Whats it called when dhs wont give children back
I need to file for custody of my children courts are closed is there another way I can do so
Children are a blessing but in a divorce it makes it more complicated
i'm a children's lawyer at LAS, fyi
Yes two adults plus three children
Only 4 children's under age 18. When I was pregnant with my third child I got married with him.
Illegal child removal and violation of children and parents civil rights
I would like to file for divorce from my husband, he is not contesting. We have three underage children
Hi . I'm John. And I have custody of my two children. I want to file for child support
It asks how many children am I filing for. I believe I should be able to put both on one form
I want to go to court for child support and a parenting plan for my children’s father
I had three children and one of them I was able to get him off by proving that he moved out
I am trying to independently file for a divorce but have children under the age of 18. Can I still do that through this site?
how can i go about getting visitation for the father of my children because it
I'm the noncostodial parent of 2 children
Okay, I will try them. Is there any more legal help advocate for women and children?
They want my children to stand at the end of our road where the crossing Rd is a main highway
the mother not only hits them, one is special needs. Her boyfriend does it to his children with a belt making my gtandboys watch
I need help finding an attorney to get my children out of foster care
my partner and I are petitioning for formal visitation of his children
i want to file for custody of my three children
I have child support for my two children in another country
I was never married and the children’s father has been keeping them from me, illegally
What is the legal venue for filing for custody and now do children have to live there.
I need help filing for custody of my children.
Correction all our children are on their own have jobs and one is married with children.
I am trying to figure out what forms I need to file in order for custody of my children to be returned to me
are there any specific organizations that help with family that involves special needs children?
I am an Great aunt to three small children
My children father is not supporting them I am not workingliving in Jamaica can you help please .
but she has zero communication with the family, I haven’t been served and have 2 of his minor children
I need help with my children the father refuse to give the back
Sure. My grandchildren are happy with dad and my daughter, who don’t hit the children
He no longer wish to be in SC and of course I want all of my children out of that toxic house.
im also being charged for children in which my rights were termianted yrs prior
I want to give child support to my children
I would giver her to him I just don't want to separate my children
Does my children have to go to their fathers for the weekend with corona virus and governor cuomo  and the restrictions
i have 3 children 2 are over the age of 22 and 1 is 18
we are legally separated but when it comes to getting a passport or taking my children out of the country she will not let me.
I didn’t abandon or not communicate with my children though
I have an agreement for my ex to cover all children with insurance until age 26 and to split the copay expenses.
Yes I want custody of the children’s
I would like to file a petition to see if children are really my children
I am divorced, not the custodial parent. My ex is violating visitation brights, will not allow me to see my children
As well as the older children that their dad died
Nine children are involved and I just want to be free
I would like to file a writ of habeus corpus, custody for my children, and a divorce petition
I am unable to afford an attorney anymore to assist me in my pending custody battle for my children
Hi Jane I need help accessing the form for child support to put my children dad on
I need passports for the children I have contacted him and he refuses to sign
And being left alone for hours on in. I need help getting my children safe with me
Yes children  no court order for custody
I am inquiring information for my boyfriend who has 2 children and wants visitation.
I would like to get assistance from my ex husband for children support and also a legal separation
I’m in a same sex marriage and would like to file for custody of my children
Im so close to regaining my children to come back homeless
what are the regulation regarding children over 18 who are no longer living at home
The children were removed by child Protective services and placed in our custody
My kids father hasn’t been supporting my children
we are horrified about how terrible the system is to protect children.
He doesn’t care for them anyway they’re my children
Okay.  It just is really terrible that only the wealthy can afford justice.  My children basically lost their Mom.
I have 3 children that are currently in the foster care system.
I have 4 children in the shelter with me I really just need my foodstamps
i have 2 children and now my oldest is turning 22 this october how do i go about to removing child support
Because I'm a household of 5. It's me and my four children.
how can I file for custody for my 2 sons if I am in NC, but legally the children's "home State" is in NY?
I also give my children mother cash and provide for my children is it possible that I can file for child support as well?
I need a restraining order against my children’s father
I reside outside of NY, I am trying to file a online petition for custody of my Children
hello..i wanted to know do my children mother have to take me to court for joint  custody of OUR  CHILDREN
why do i have to pay support if i have the children half of the time in sullivan county
Looking for help gaining full custody of my two children.
We also have children, but only one is a minor and lives with me.
We need to find attorneys who  file charges and sue Administration for Children Services in NYC.
1 of my children gets favored and the other excluded, both children have said this
My children live in queens; recently seperated
but no custody of the children We have not had our day in court yet
One of the orders changed to allow me to claim both children on my taxes due to father being unemployed and unable to pay support
The 1st marriage with 2 children were married 19 years, 2nd 10 with 1 child and 3rd no children
I want to do a voluntary placement into foster care for two of my children how can I do that
I want to know what I can do to get custody of my children they are in unstable living conditions
Hello I need the paperwork to remove my two oldest children off of the child support.
Iam trying. Toget custody of my Children
So my partner, the mpther of my two children is in a shelter with our kids. She is currently receiving cash assitance
Now that am stable and I have a house for them I want my children back
I would like to give up legal custody of children
Son passed. No will.  Single no children.  I am mother. Intestate is me.
ok I live with my  mom and  four children
It’s not a foreclosure propelled. I have minor children. I want to protect the home for my mother to care for them
Her father pays children support also they said it's not establishment of maternity
I need to file for a divorce. Can I do everything online? Both are service members no legal ties no children
CAN I STILL COLLECT EVEN IF MY CHILDREN ARE GROWN NOW? AND IS THEREA CERTAIN FORM I SHOULD REQUEST WHEN I GO TO FILE?
hi I would like to file custody for my children
Need to file papers for dhs to give children back
Yes investigation was done. Someone came spoke to my children and soon to be ex husband and I over the phone.
He did not have children or spouse. Our mother is outside USA and can't come here
I volunteer  still to this Day at the Pal center with children
Child support takin money from me and my children reside with me
Hello I’m writing to inquire if there is a way to request custody of children due to neglect
I was served paperwork almost two weeks ago.  I have physical custody of my 2 children (19 & 18 yrs old).
my childrens father who does not have any custody or visitation resides in NY
I need to know mind, the father of my children must handle
The father of my children won five million dollars in February of 2018
I was awarded full custody of both my children back in September
that is where i have to file due to my childrens residency unfortunately
I am unaware of my children's whereabouts for the past week.
I just sent a question regarding a violation of visitation and an agreement made between the mother of my children and I.
yes and we share time with the children 50/50
I have read that the family court is for children not adults
I am trying to become a second parent to my girlfriends children
It is no wonder so many children die from falling through the cracks
Do I have to be in court to file for custody of my children or can I do that online?
No it’s a United States children’s bureau
Im trying to get the 401k released to me not the children from a previous marriage ( adult children
the 2 children reside in sulfolk county
I need help with a legal guardianship case the children are with me right now but the mom wants them back
i have shared custody with spouse.  Spouse has become ill and no longer able to hold up his shared custody.  children with me full time
And can someone be granted custody/guardianship of my children even if they reside with me?
It is my scheduled time with my children and the mothers aren’t allowing me to get them.
I'm separate from my husband and I want to get a divorce but I have two children.
All i know is the grandma is ordered too have the children live there but its extremely unsafe
now with this new Kawasaki covid-19 related disease in children I am extremely scared
I need help filing for child support for 2 children
She consistently makes it difficult for me to see my children when I visit when i can.
i would like to file for custody of my 2 minor children. what forms can i fill out ahead of time
The city is trying to force child support on me because my partner and our children are in a shelter recieving cash assitance
I have 2 children is currently in my custody while pending the outcome from the Family court
Hi any custody for two children’s
I would like to file for child support for my two children how do I store are the call close so far
My ex husband and I have a court order from our divorce in 2016. We have shared custody of our children
I would like to emancipate 2 children off child support
yes, my children have visitation with their father once a week
I need a copy of the current custody papers to prove custody for 2 children
All cases were brought against Me by welfare and the children's Mother
I need to know who is the next of kin between three children over 18
Yes - I live in the state of NJ with my 2 children
My children’s mother took my kids out of state with out my permission
If both parents do not have legal custody of the children can u get into trouble by keeping them while filing for custody
I want to know if my husband has filed for custody while the children were visiting him in NY, they live in NC with me
Is there a form for filing a restraining order in family court on behalf of the children?
Or can I file for a divorce i have 4 childrens with him which while pregnant with my 3rd child I got married with him.
I don’t want him seeing the children ever.
my name is Elizabeth, I’m seeking custody rights for my fiancé And self for his children.
I am trying to assist a mother with getting custody of her children and I am not sure of the petition form
Exspouse sent attorney's letter asking for more money for two children, and complete decision making for the children.
How do I calculate how much support I should be paying for 2 children?
Arguing in the day and in the night in front of my children and my children arguing with her also my two older ones
Where can I find information on how to request for the father of my children’s rights to be revoked?
