Hello Augusto! I am looking for a guideline that applies to 9th judicial district for Pro Se litigants. Do you have anything?
is the some procedural formality that needs to be done to make my pr se status official I may have missed?
Yes it is. And unfair to pro se litigants...i had no idea what I was up against. Again thank you!!! Have a great day.
I would like to bring an pro se  action against ACS and their contracted foster care provider
Actually I refer to that as a government office to assist notice for pro se litigants
Hi, I'm a lawyer helping a client file a pro se petition for an order of protection in Kings County
podria si fuera posible enviarme toda informacion a mi correo electronico.  Se lo agradeceria.
ellos se quedaran viviendo conmigo
solo se puede aclarar mas dudas por chat en enta pagina
is the court open to take my repo se.
I really don't have the money that is why I'm going pro se.
Se has done this in the past and the cases have been dismissed
I am getting a divorce pro se. I am seeking maintenance. Do I need to fill out any forms?
Y cuando unos les dise se henojan
No se si ya esta en proceso
i began Pro Se but think ill need some assistance. So thanks again
This is for a pro se case. It is a very basic question about the effect of the multiple Executive Orders.
Hello I am handling my civil case pro se and i need some help can you help me with something
not from him per se as he is in another state but from his familu
No, I am pro se, and am trying to not get a default judgement against my Exempt income and assets
Can I go to family court pro se and file the appropriate paperwork for adoption?
the qustions is I filed a motion to dimiss pro se
O need to se judge 👨‍⚖️.  Please
good morning, I'm a father of the child, a pro se petitioner in custody case in Queens County Family Court.
No se si será necesario aclarar pero no cuento con un número de social ósea se me hace más difícil encontrar por esa razón
Appellate Term, First Department, Supreme Court of New York. I am Pro se and if I mess up my family of four will be evicted
I am looking for assistance with a medical malpractice case. Representation if possible. Or assistance finding forms for a pro se claim.
I'm a pro se defendant in a tax foreclosure case, have been using efile, etc.
I need to know if I am exempt from digital filing in the Court of Appeals if I am indigent and acting pro se
oh ok. if there a guide for completing the form. I'm doing this pro se and the form is a bit daunting
oh yes and have done pro se evertime and has won on all paid lawyers
Can you efile a pro se motion  about child support in Madison County Illinois?
im listed in the system pro se
family court has a pro se email address
por favor se lo agradezco
I want to file as pro Se efile maybe I won't get scammed
Thank you so much. Is it for medical malpractice? Pro se litigants
I recently went pro se on my custody case in Kings county. I have a trial coming up in April and need some direction.
civil rights and other I’m a pro se I have a case need help on in court
el se llama Jorge Reimundo Villa Lopez
Are pro se litigants obligated to appear virtually?
Good morning. I am a pro se petitioner in a custody case. I filed it 2 years ago requesting shared custody of the child.
Ok thanks. I acted pro se. I am in texas but my case is in ny.
Se supone  qye ya a los 21 pare
Fue detenido y no se donde está
ok se lo agradecere muchisimo
I repeat, will there be a filing fee for a Pro Se filing of an answer to complaint in foreclosure?
