Ok and I am deaf I need a lawyer who have experience with deaf people
if the biden's program approve, when people can started to apply? approximately?
Unfortunately this court has a stack of people. the same year, same problem with no offer to resolution
I am imaging all of the people with pending cases and what they are doing in the meantime. It's a bad situation.
No. It was one of those "cancel time share" people.
Both. Housing situation and identity theft. Both are instigated by the same people.
I don’t know why places people are not doing a lot things lately!
Ok but do these people really help people like me
Most of the people are working remotely and do not return the phone call.
are there any people who can look over the forms befor I send them out?
Thank you.  Have their been a lot of people concerned with their wage garnishment this year
Iyes  want to make a donation of $ specifically to the unit that help undocumented people in NYC. Is there a way to do that?
Or, Are the courts allowing people to come to the court to file
that i'm renting my apt to different people, which is not true
Fruad was committed on George L Lowman estate and would like to sue the people involved
and than people wonder why they are acting out cause NO CLUE WHATS GOING ON
the nycourthelp people are really nice, but not so knowledgeable, I'm afraid!
he makes racially insensitive comments about asian people and black people and jews all the time.
Yes this is not any kind off health care facility it's independent living it's just that it's just regular apts for older people
Thanks so much for your help Jamie. I will contact these people and see what can be done.
do people who live without a lease have rights
this is infuriating. I've been told to go back and forth between so many people and everyone has been wrong so far.
That says elder law services for people 60 and over. I'm 58.
Are you with the court or a different company helping people research
Are people who receiving DSS/Snap/Temporarily Assistant will they receive the COVID19 Stimulus?
these people want millions for a small head injurie
I just do not like being treated like this by people who are supposed to be working for me.
And they let others in like delivery people
I need free legal help with eviction who helps people regardless immigrant status
CHANNEL 5 NEWS IN SRACUSE SAID THE NYS BAR IS HELPING PEOPLE TO TRY TO GET THEI UNEMPLOYMENT CLAIMS GOIING
Process server, do they have access to peoples last or other known address?
Well I’m trying to get custody back but two people share the custody of the child
It’s like they want people trapped in the same cycle loop then they wonder why they never get paid
Perfect, yes, we need legal resources to share with people
he did have contact with some of these people but my brother is no rapist and definitely hasn’t killed anyone
So i have the evidence that they send me a lot of pictures of dead people and they told me that they will kill me
people in charge care about votes and money but its the votes that keeps them their jobs
She hold knife to chase my family and she called police, she said she see strange people and just protect her.
Ok I’ll call these people and see.
5 other people, besides me, see this behavior.
i'm just not quite sure how to frame the issue the right way to ask people like you
My landlord is now evicting me for What happened, as if I invited these people to come over and then they did this
the only people that can request a copy are the two interested parties or a court order
My building is restricting people from coming in can they really stop my grandchildren from coming in,the threatened eviction if we let them in
Hi. I was waiting to receive information about people I could contact about emancipation.
THEY ALSO USE THEIR THUGS ACCORDING TO THE COURT CASE TO FOLLOW PEOPLE AND BREAK IN PEOPLE'S HOMES AND BUSINESSES
i like to use my influence to inspire people to do better
Thanks to dedicated people like you I am able to slowly repair my distroyed life
It was one thing after another an  no one helped me even the people , hra and hasa
im going to ask for information is to many people
I didn't mind doing this because of the situation but..i have heard from people that landlord's can get nasty
I guess it cannot hurt to have contact with people to assist with questions etc
You said you can provide information on attorneys or organizations that can represent people for free.
how to go bout pressing charges against the people that had my daughter when she ran away
Thank you for the information and i will contact the people from LIFT.
do yo know, what do people need in order to qualified to aaply 'temporary legal status"
well they all cater to the people without homes they dont care about debt
I'm trying to find a basic course of action in helping a group of people
we both handled things in the wrong way and involved all the wrong people that caused more issues than actually helping us.
The PEOPLE in the bath office said they can't help
Like, If I wanted to use a camera while people are doing work in my apartment, do I have the right to do so
are there any organizations that specifically help disabled people?  how about autistic people?
The salon is right next door to me and there is people going in and out non stop
Yes I did those were the people who said they couldn’t help me
1 more question the people u gave me can they help with a law suit
People around me at jobs , my neighbors, my family
I looked at the first link and it says people 60 and older.
There are probable other people in the same situation as the application for both programs is joint.
they didn't have any people in their register who do that in monroe county
I was contacted by many mutual people saying I am named in her will
But actually I am not make that fraud at all... I don' t even know the people who connected with me
Thank you for your help, it is hard for people like me to get the help they need
I Made an account for people without representation
I was getting harrassed by other people because he gave my number as well as my mother's out
I have a complicated rental problem, involving living with people who have become squatters
Thank you. I know that this situation is reversed from the normal ones that people encounter
Its chaos but people with good intension exist
My younger sister had to participate in that as well.  I was in shock and a good number of people were there.
We have been living with help from food pantries and other people in the community
no. These people are ruining our home. We are millionaires. We're retired people just renting our house out. It
what is the name of the organization that medites between 2 people to help situation
i want to know how mucho they will pay In 2020 for more the 11 people
the company is very aggressive and i see that they do this to other people but not this quick.
That's for people in NYC...I live in Upstate NY
I'll call anywhere.  It just seems that there is help for all kinds of people with all kinds of problems, but none for him.
I’ve spoke to so many people even about the harassment and have not gotten help from anybody that I’ve spoke to
Some people are abusing it and other people's housing security because of it.  I feel victimized by this
I have picture of the place and these people living there a hurting.  Plus certain night I couldn't even get out myself.
We are quiet people and don't bother anyone.
Are you helping people with 8 years or more to het home?
The problem i have had is many people only deal with state disability etc
Its very unclear. Can i manage this without an attorney or do most people need one.
Gov.Cuomo is encouraging people to stay at home
Hi again Kiana! I did think of one more question. I was just chatting with you about helping people with problem gambling
What has the Gov’t done to expedite stamps to people that have lost work?
The rual people are the other but their way up in Lake Placid let's try Greene County please
I want the names of probono attorneys who help homeless people.
I never  was my own payee I had people  use me for my money
I just wanted to know do I take the person with residential custody or  both people that have custody
Is there any information specifically developed for people affected by COVID19, or this is the standard?
Quick question what happens now that people aren't able to work due to the how are people supposed to make support payments??
I suppose to be in court on November 24,are they letting people in the. Building
I saw that people aren’t allowed to be evicted until August 20th which is why I’m confused
Is a small business with 10 people required to reinstate the jobs of the people they’ve laid off due to covid ?
I would usually wncounter people asking me for money in exchange of information
I am appreciated for what you have been doing to help the public, to help people
So, 2 things it can do: 1) push people to an attorney, and 2) some level of information about law sub/topics
like is there any way for people to search for open civil complaints against them?
the people who shot me screw them there lives are fucked now anyways
Thanks, now do you know if Latino Justice PRLDEF ever represents people before the EEOC commission?
its says its a account registration form for people who do not have a attorney
I have a few but a main one is should all people over the age of 18 be on the lease?
3 people reported and no danger was their decision
That is what I am seeing also. I did find a form on the violence website, but as you note, it is for married people.
The people working with me are all from the county, my advocate is very close with the police and sometimes discourages me it seems
that site I would just be working with the people who already took my things
are you able to assist with people that are having housing challenges with landlord? Example mold in carpets?
My mother would like to get these people out of her home so she can return
they said you cant recover money from there people
I don't mind invovlved so much, but it is for people who are divorced.  We are separated 10 years.  He won't divorce me.
You, who have acess to WEstlaw and LEXIS, used to help people who do not have acess to these resources.
in particular, a physician's assistant who lives with a number of high risk people and who is herself high risk for covid-19
Are there people that will help us and not charge a ton?
Lastly, are there any government officials, congress people or other city groups I can ask for assistance in this matter dealing with hospital misconduct?
It was more of a hate issue. This group of people hated me my personality or something
Don’t know if they want to get involved he fights dirty and has hurt a lot of people
Sheesh. I can try, I’m getting a little impatient people keep directing me to other places.
she infected 26, vulnerable people,  3 of whom have died
If black people keep bothering for conversations there will be death
I spoke with these people already. I am having a problem pulling up the general form 1
