Is there an online docket of filings that I can look through.  I found one, but I dont know if it has family court matters
I dont knoe how to get access to the forms
i don't know if the family court in the bronx
I just dont want to share more info than i need to but I also dont want it to look like I am hiding something
I am going to cry I just don't understand why the poor get smacked down even more when they are down
I see , I think he is in yonkers but, I really don't know
Ok and i dont have to pay for it for a poor mans divorce?
We have a baby and we have nowhere else to go so we don't know what to do
I don't have a computer,  I  go to Staples and they charge you
I don't have alot of financial at the moment but I also don't know who to ask for help
Her I don't want her cash but she tricked me and basically left me in a area I know nothing about
okay, and you don't know why they are unable to accept my petition
But we don't know whether we will bump into any immigration trouble if we do that
they found that on past records but i dont know how i always paid on time.
I really don't know. She was earlier this year in May. But they have relocated to the state of Georgia
We have been hitting a dead end and dont know who to turn to so thank you
I don't think there was enough said on the call to constitute a contract and I don't believe I should pay.
i dont' think that is the form i need. I don't need to change the support itself?
But they don't help with federal course issues and litigation as you already know.
I don't know what to do as there was a follow-up attorney letter. Do I need to secure legal counsel now
right now I currently don't have a custody agreement set up with their father
I read that online I just haven't gotten that in writing and I don't want to default.
Well that is what I am doing is trying to double-check with you. I don't know where to find the information.
there is part of the divorce papers that i dont quite understand
i have a complicated situation that has become more complicated recently and I dont know how to deal with it.
i think i found the page i need i just dont know how i would fill it out
YES i dont really get the website
im tryingto do petition for modification for cs n dont know how to do it online can you help w that
I don't know yet there is lot to go through
Help with dna i don't think i am the fathet
i dont know yet but i will give it a try
i dont want her to but shes getting a lawyer
no I dont she took everything from me she dose it alot
I think i understand, but I don't believe that was how it was explained to me previouslt
thank you however i dont see the form that i can use to make the modification
superceding a current will dont know lawyer for current one
I dont think its right cause he tries she makes it so hard just let the man see his child
I don't know I have a state representative payee
but I already filled one out and saved it and registered but now I don't know how to look for it
But I don't know what form I need to petition the court
I don't know which parts I need to fill out.
I don't know how to get the  transcript in NYC
I am looking for where to file online and dont see it
he alwaus wins.  i dont know maybe a probono attorney that i dont know about that can go to court with me
I DONT KNOW IF THE PA INS COVER ANY OR NOT AND I DONT KNOW WHAT THEY ARE SUMMONING HIM FOR
I just dont know who to ask. And im afraid
how do I make a copy on my computor, I dont know how. yes I would.
I honestly don't see what I need to file
(yeah, you don't want to mention that - that is the computer's approximate location)
Hope I dont need to rewrite what I wrote
To add im a independent contractor dont know if that matters
I dont know i was told by a law form that there is one
She's from the Caribbean so we don't use visa to travel within the Caribbean
I dont think if i relocate after i paid for it, i get to take the tank with me
I don't want to do a siblings test because I don't trust anyone at this moment.
Yes.  It unequivocally false and i am under duress because i dont know what she is capable of
so they get a piece of paper and dont read it
I have evidence and want to divorce him but I don't know my rights.
I know what form to file, I just need to know if they'll accept it
I don't know if I'm able to inform you of that or not??
I don't think so. I need actual help.
i dont have access to a printer and i need to file asap
which is court don't know the story but still they decieded on behalf her
We don't feel safe having her in the house. Given this COVID situation,  I don't know what resources are  available
Im beyond scared and don't know what to do
i just don't know if there is judgment against me / if there was a residual / this really isn't my area of expertise!!!
I don't remember what the order said because it was put in motion 8 years ago and I don't have a copy of the paperwork
he knows the address on teh order but her family says she moved and they dont know where she is
Yes I will do the survey I don't know where to find it...
I don't know the form that is used for change of venue
Doubt, my problem is what area? I don't know if it's criminal, housing
I don't have any, it will be a new petition. would it be the same form?
I don't know. I currently live outside of state. Not sure which court.
Yes, we all live in queens.I know where fam court is i just dont know if i go there now and file.
no i dont mind i need help i am devastated dont know what to do
Maybe you know if i want to divorce and i dont know where he is im able do get divorce?
i dont see any where, where the Defendant can list what they want in return?
I dont know why bc in the handbook, it says i don't need one but the drs have one representing them
Yes I don't know how to go about inquiring
but i dont know how to contact them since im here
Over 10 years. I dont know the child
A lady claims i am her child father. But i don't know if its true
Hi I have a due and I don't have money and I don't now if I lose my section 8
I don't know what it is that I'm supposed to do to "cure the violation" because the alleged violation is bonus
I'm getting extremely nervous and I honestly don't know where to turn.
i dont know how they did it but they have been using device you buy fromchjna that vibrates your house
There was no third party. They just don't know business terminology.
I have a situation which I don't know which category it would fall in.
from what i see we have to answer the notice but don't know how
Mi got password and username to efile documents but dont know what to do now
my pin is 121809   dont know my user name
the case was adjourned and I dont know how to find out when it will be back on
I  don't know that much, all I  know is that she is in Brooklyn
I've been told through text that "because you don't have a lease, and the property is ours, you don't have any rights to stay here"
i have all the papers filled out and notarized i just don't know where to go
I don't see an envelope depressed the three Don's but I don't see an envelope
I apologize, I don't know her case but she sounds in need
my husband has a lawyer, and I don't.  our divorce case is pending, still at early stage.  I don't think his lawyer filed RJI yet.
hmmm I don't think i'm at at that point yet. i know which form to use for my situation
Well she is here in onondaga but grandmother lives in chemung I dont know if I spelled that right
i think this would be criminal court? i don't know
On getting all kinds of stuff from unemployment don't know what or who is real
I hit copy to clipboard and I dont see it on clipboard I dont
i dont really need help with 'backpay'
i honestly don't know it wasn't from any case to do with me
However he is in prison and I don't know how to go about it.
I don't have access to a printer. Where do I go to pick up the papers?
Please do, I really don't know what to do anymore.
i just dont know where i would go to get copy
so they still dont know an exact date?
I don't think that would be necessary , but thank you.
I dont know what else to do ....I asked for CSE to desk review my info
I don't understand why they keep say to call- then they don't pick up
I need help to file for administration in the court, I dont know how to do it
right, I don't have a criminal record because it was all dismissed.
i'm saying someone called adult protective services to check on me.  i have no idea who, i don't know anybody.
I know i should go to court, but i don't have the time to because of my work hour's
I think I know who the father is but I want a dna with him and my son and I dont know where to start
I dont even know ow where his mother is.
i don't want divorce and both kids don't want to live with my wife
I don't know where you're located but it's not the same municipality
I dont want modifications i dont want any lawyer counseling i just wna sign the rights over and thats it
I dont want to file a restraining order
With covid I don't know how the courts are working
I don't have my bank here where I am now. Where can I find a notary here in Jamestown?
I dont dont think the chikd is impacted or in any immediate danger
Great! but to go to court I don't know if I need an attorney?
I need help! If you don't know please transfer me. This is very important
So I don't even know what is suppose to be in the envelope.
I'm more than willing to pay, but I don't have that amount
tx i don't know that i'm in central brooklyn, but i can check. do i get a copy of this chat?
I don't need help filing the papers
I don't know who to tell, but I want to remain anonymous
I have a paternity case in November and I don't know what to expect
Hi Tolga I dont know if you remember me
Hi, I don't know where to apply for child support
We don't know where to start or who to contact about this any help would be appreciated
I don't think it was even filed yet
I dont know what to do or how to go about finding a lawyer
i don't know.  i  want to know my rights.  does that tell me?
I don't know which city court I should call
They don't think they're responsible for paying a portion of the taxes
I have the information subpoena but I don't know where to return
I don't have any finances avalibe I pay all the bills.
woudl I be penilized if I dont pay until the court day on 6/13 IF the keep charging me?
Thats the problem we dont know exactly where she moved in to rhode island
I dont want to agree to something I dont know what it means in lawyers term
I don't understand why being a victim of DV has put me in this predicament.
They know. I don’t know if I will be available to apply for the new FMLA
I'm really worried I might lose my Medicare as I don't have any other insurance.
I dont know what kind of mail I'm going to get
i need to file against him for violating the agreement but dont know where to get help or who to ask
I need to know of an alternative way to serve a divorce as I dont know where my spouse is
I don't know what the right 1 2click on
I know the qualifications and requirements to be emancipated I just don't know what forms to fill out or where to go
but they somehow involved the upstaiirss neighborhood its creepy scary i dont know what to do
i dont know where he lives and dont really have any contact with him
I know I have to request a conference, but don't know if I can do anything else to fix this issue now.
I was just wondering how much it costs to domesticate a custody order, but I don't know if you would know that
thank you for your help.I just dont know where to turn for help?
I believe his income has changed 15% or more but I dont have his tax return so I dont know for sure
I don't know how to check status with no number
I don't help for him just on what documents to file for eviction of family member who isn't paying
the bank dont let me access his account.
my only problem is I don't know which court options to choose everyone I choose don't have family court or custody petitions under it
They PA wants to know if inheritance tax was paid in NY. I dont believe so, her estate was under $500,0000.00.
the  kidds don't  tink is  rigth   so do  my self  is the  reason  im  on these  pages
I understand we are also are protected further under covid.....thank you. We dont want to make this difficult.
Hi I have a few questions I don't know if you can help me.
we know they are in water town, and has been difficult to contact them (only through facebook)....we dont know what to do
I don't think that they will help me I make $60,00 yearly anyone else you can suggest
I need to file for child support and don't know which office to go to
and i just read you cant give advice really, but i dont know who to go to
Don't know and all I have is a government computer...very limited
My bank,TD bank, just has an automated form and they don't provide guidance
i don't want to resort to that, because it affects the baby
my baby is on my health insurance she is on everything of mine i dont understand
With all the changes,I don't knwo if my circumstances fit the criteria
Don't know who else to ask - don't have $
Okay but how can I get this because I dont know the ssn?
Yes,l want to know if l can get cash assistance if l don't have all the documents?
i checked the family court page, i still don't know what to do
ok, what if you don't know exactly where the child is..which county? and what if I am wrong about the state?
I just don't know where to call specifically to find out if I have any parental rights still
maybe even 2 years i don't have it in front of me
Nothing is making any sense, and I don't know how to properly file a petition with the court.
I don't mind  going to one but I don't  know of any
Hi Kayla I have the paper files already I was told i can upload them here but i dont know how to do so?
I dont know how to work this phone too well
I don't have any income, so I don't know how I could pay for 1
because i don't want to put myself at risk or my family?
I don't think he wants to separate peacefully
I guess they haven't helped in the past. I guess I don't have  a choice
Maybe I should just apply for PUA for the entire period and then payback the Unemployment insurance voluntarily? I don't know.
As far as I know you dont need to have been working to qualify for PUA
so when I want to merge it I dont know how to go about it
I am not a permanent resident, I don't qualify for citizenship
I don't have a job and I don't know how to pay a lawyer
around 2-3 offices I dont remember the name of the organisations.
No worries ... Just dont know where to turn to at this point.
I mean it sounds good with the landlady over the phone but if we did want out I don't think the language is there
'I dont know if i am still able to go to family  court just to have papers filed
but I want to know if it is true that she is retained because I don't know if she is retained
okay do i need evidence for that as well? i dont have any screenshots
i dont really know the process or what needs to be done
That's what it says but I don't know how to obtain the court order
I know, I read that, but I'm trying to budget, and I don't know the amount
they have to be wrong i dont even know anyone in kentucky
my son is in that jail and I don't know how to send money they ask me for the code
I don't know how to start a family court case
It keeps saying that I waive my rights to everything. And most of them I dont understand
Yes I need an extension but I don't know how I'm suppose to ask the judge for one.
I don't know exactly where to turn right now.
im in the website you gave me but i dont find the paper
I have 1 final question, if you don't mind
I had a lawyer in the past I dont know if you heard of her her name is Lillian Sondon
I don't know what is wrong with me,  I looked twice and now I see it
Honestly we don't know if the man is dead or alive its been almost 13yrs
Basically, I don't know what to file or where to file it.  I also wonder if this constitutes as kidnaaping
I don't know as I haven't been able to review
they dont offer business tort probono
Yes but I don't know all his information on him I don't work
We don't know, we only have the mans name (father) so we are trying to locate the case
I don't know where to go to get this form ?
but sorry i don't know if legally they fall into the same catogory
I dont know. Thats what i want to find out. What it was about
That was I don't know how to read a court docket and
I dont know what to do. The first message says you cannot help basically so i ask again what do you do
I don't know I just want my job back
I couldnt say. It woukd have to be up to them to say because i dont really know to a certain extent
I do know how to fill out modification forms.  I just don't know if I can because she is 21.
I am also undocumented, i dont know if that will help narrow down
I dont know which forms to choose to file for my case
I don't have adobe apps and other fancy-schmancy means of doing this.
Don't know if I should get a lawyer involved now or wait until after the Suspension?
thx, i live in California which is part of the problem, don't know any attorneys in buffalo, am willing to pay for the help
i went down to the support office and they dont even know an answer
I don't want them to take my drivers license. Or go to jail
I dont know about their term or agreement, I only know I paid for nothing.
i just hope i have not been robbed,i know they were floods cause they call,but they know and dont help me move
I don't know if the city provides those numbers or who I can contact to request it
I am clueless to all this legal mumbo/jumbo and I don't know anyone I can ask
no I don't have questions. I want to know what can I do now to see my daughter like I am supposed to
Somone stole my daughters 400 dollars how I don't know. I never go to Bronx ny
i filled out the petition for modification but i dont know where to foward it off to
I need have for the child support I'm not working I don't know what to do
I believe so. I dont know exactly but she doesnt really know anyone, cant drive, and has limited money.
Ok. I am doing a research paper and having trouble finding laws on the subject. I dont know where to get them.
Shes blocked me and I dont know nothing about my granddaughter
I dont know where shes been putting her money
i dont need a program i need the forms
to be honest i really dont know and im not a english speaker
i heard that my building is being foreclosed and i don't know what to do
but i dont know english. i need translator vietnammese
I m in a bad spot right now I don't know just what I should do
I don't see how they can help me since I don't meet income guidelines
