I specifically wish to know if:  1) NY POA requires witnesses?     2) If a spouse needs a POA? ......
Okay... from what I haev researched ... my daughters jurisdiction is NY
I need to find an attorney that I can work with remotely. I live outside of NYS but need to file for divorce in Ny
I would like the petition filed in Rome ny courts being I live here
Also, since they’ve lived in NC for over a year, would he have to file in NC or in NY?
Its in Middletown NY 10940 thank u
My daughter is not in his care he resides in the bronx ny
my claim is in NY because my company is in NY and that’s where I live
I'want now is Ossining 10562 NY have rent control
NEITHER NJ OR NY DMV IS GIVING ME MY NY DRIVING LIFETIME ABSTRACT
Can the court dismiss if petitioner no longer resides in NY?
Address 7 HANOVER SQUARE, 18TH FLOOR, NY NY 10004
thank you I will call and seek help for him and yes I do live in NY as well.
Does the NY travel ban take priority over court orders
New York, NY or Bronx, NY
Can you legally separate in NY but live under the same roof to raise children?
Do u want the town of albany ny schenectady
the court where I’m filing is in Orange ny
Because i reseide there? Oh, but if i bring it in ny state it might happen only in ny?
and it says it had to have been done in NY, in order for me to revise it now.
I know the law in ny is that before we hv any court hearings the girls hv to be in ny for 6 mths right?
Is there any near Suthpin Blv? Jamaica NY
Yes, I am in Queens NY,  but he is in Milwaukee, Wisconsin
I need help with an eviction in tioga ny
do any of these form has to have witnesses or just the two parties involved only...it is for  N.Y.
I love at 133 Main st, apt 202, flushing ny
I'm in Montana . The child is in Chemung Co NY
it's not locked gates.  these are approved by the NY fire  dept.
I reside in Brooklyn NY, should I file in Broonlyn Or in The Bronx where the previous order was done?
I’m trying to start a visitation and custody potion. I live in Brooklyn ny and she is in Saratoga springs
I live in Delaware but trying to get guardianship of my cousin in Queens NY
I know it’s confusing. I live in Brooklyn but still had my MA drivers license which I was planning on changing to NY
I want to learn how to register a foreign judgement to NY
hello, i live in rochester, ny (not in NYC)
NJ Court order instructs me that I must include a document whereas NY Court relinquish or decline jurisdiction over the child
I know NY takes it seriously... but not much more
Melissa Saporito 393 Wagner St Lot 81 Waterloo NY 13165
ANGELA IRENE 8784 ALEXANDER RD BATAVIA NY
My address is 8716 117TH ST RICHMOND HILL NY 11418
Is 182 Ralph avenue,Brooklyn, N.Y. Registered with hpd
Family court bronx  900 Sheridan ace bronx ny 10451
ok.  because the modification can only be done once there is a NY order
Do I apply online or do I have to go directly to courts I live in NJ but the child currently resides in Syracuse NY
I currently live in LA but the child was born in NY and I’m in NY once a month
How do I petition ny family court if I live in sc
i also don't live in ny anymore
Civil court of NY 111 center Street NY ny 10013
How do I go about petitioning the court to lower my child support if I live out of ny
If someone has legal judgment against me in NY how they enforce this legal judgment?
ticonderoga town court ticonderoga ny
I did. They told me to go NY court to learn how to register my judgements to NY
I need legal everything helps about fund transaction from bank bank location in Brooklyn NY
I just need to know which POA form I should use. The one from NY or the one from the country where he resides.
I have been living in ny many years with student visa F1
I moved to NY to live closer to family and reside in subsidized housing due tony income.
one more question - if both parties move out of NY, does NY retain jurisdiction over custody/visitation?
No. I live in Colorado. My grandfather was born in Huntington, NY in 1915
That's where the  4th district court is located .hauppage NY
57-13 160th St, Fresh Meadows, NY 11365
Hello, I’m an international student living in NY. Am I eligible for the Covid aren’t Relief?
31 Rivervale road Middletown ny 10940
Hey my name is Takeya Neal 27 East 169st  Bronx ny 10452 Apt 2A
We are not supposed to work if we are non essential according to ny
sorry was day dreaming. I live in Henderson , NY
I do not reside in NYC I reside in PA. My daughter resides in NY with him.
200 Virginia lane apt E6 amsterdam NY 12010
My name is Daniel and reside in Nassau NY and I just recieved a court order for custody of my child from Grandmother
that's in kew gardens, queens NY
Yes. I need help with ny unemployment
19 Arnold st Hicksville NY 11801
Hi Latoya, my name is Yvonne Allsopp I  now live in Charlotte NC . Was a resident for 61 years in NY S  Yes
I have a pending case in the eastern fed ct. ny
I need to reinstate my  NY driver’s license  that was suspended for. Unpaid child support
83-15 Lefferts Blvd. Kew Gardens, NY 111415
Yes and I’m in the Albany ny Troy area
thank you so very much. I don't live in usptate NY anymore
Hi! Can one make a guardianship order in NY for a child in another country non-US citizen?
I WROTE COMPLAIN TO NY MAYOR AND GOVERNOR NO ONE ANSWERED
At what age can a child in NY decide what parent they want to primarily live with?
Im in Dunkirk Ny. Yes my anxiety is really high about this.
I live in steuben couty ( Bath Ny ) can I file on my owe to adopt a child or do I need to hire an attorney
Where can I go in Bronx, NY to get a free
Yes I am taking over the house he lived in wich has always been my address in wellsville ny
Hello I live in NY I owe back child support my kids are 23 my check is garnished bi weekly
what is the direct number for child suport in ny
El vive en Manhattan ny ny
I have a hearing with Unemployment Insurance Appeal Board on Dec 27, 2019 at 2:15PM in Brooklyn NY
do i go to self helper or ny courts help the big orange button within NY
I live in Troy NY and am in a CPS case thru Schenectady, NY My appointed lawyer isn't helping me. I need aocal lawyer ASAP.
but my car accident happened in NY while I lived in Queens NY
I wanted to ask if in NY supervised visits were ever a permanent order
Thank you very much....we live in Westchester NY. And this is a criminal matter ...
I live in a tiny town near rochester ny or syracuse ny. I was hoping you could just pull up transcript of last chat :(
Her behavior is inappropriate and I fear for my life. Yes, I am in Brooklyn, ny
54 Jonsthon st newburgh ny 12550
St Lawrence Co, Ogdensburg NY
Where to go who to contact .... the proeprty was located in bronx ny
7th degree possession charge in middletown ny
I have court on the 16th in NY and I live in Colorado
Am trying to find out what court in NY this action is located.
She has never lived in NY , from what I am aware of which is low , she got all assistances from VA
It's in the Bronx, NY and no it's not an court order it's an mutual agreement we have.
after review, these hotlines do not serve my NY area. are there anymore?
My name is Sharon Kelly my address is 1111 McBride st Farrockway ny 11691
i currently live in Virginia but having trouble with my NY Workman’s Comp case
Me and my son ;live in Brooklyn, NY . His father is in Philadelphia, PA
yes, by the shut down construction work in NY
I dont live in NY City.. I live in the State of ny..
Can I get a support seeing that I am here in panama city panama  and he is there in ny
There is I got married in Cleveland but I live in NY
Would this case be done in NY OR Fl ?
my daughters home state is NY and she has lived in NY alll her young life. 1.5 years +
I live in mahopac ny,but the case is in westchester ny
50 Market St, Poughkeepsie, NY 1260
Address 2012 Gleason Avenue, Bronx, NY 10472, Telephone: 646-667-9627
I want to know what the rules are for supervised visitation in NY
Just wondering how would I file for child support if I live outside NY but the father lives in NY?
yes I am currently staying at parents in Glendale falls. I recently changed my physical address from Glendale falls to Queensbury ny
I COMPLAINED TO NJ AND NY INSURANCE FRAUD YHEY RWFISE TO INVESTIGATE
Unfortunately I already have a NY Workman’s Comp attorney that is if no help
I live in nj but shes in geneva ny
Carlos  Luzunaris 1630 174st bx NY 1
The issue is in Brooklyn but I live in bronx ny
i currently reside in Ga but originally from Ny
currently I reside in new rochelle ny
Which  court deals with  fraud in Yonkers ny
Yes i live in NY he lives in Vermont.  He has a warrant for his arrest issued from NY
Tiffany Drake 414 east Bloomfield St apt 1 Rome NY 13440
He lived in NY so probably. Otherwise could be nassau
I'm currently living in Richfield springs, ny
Question #1,   don;t they have to authenticate the summary judgement in NY?
How can i apply for child support my child born upstate ny we know live in brooklyn ny
hi Ashley.  I have questions about getting a divorce in NY.
In albany Ny is their any one I can get help??
Yes  it was at cohoes and I live in Latham ny now
is it necessary to go in-person to NY Court?
She has been living in NY her whole life so far. 11 years.
13 Van Rensselaer St lot 13 Seneca falls, NY 13148
My children live in Connecticut can i ow them and here ny
i am in Connecticut wouldi need to cometo ny for this?
what does SLR mean next to my name in a ny foreclosure (defendant)
thank you i tried the automated program and when it said neither parent lives in NY it kicked me out.
I need NY out the picture Thankyou for your time
Well it was Arizona that initiated becaus ethey applied for medicaid. I appeard in NY court
I live in NJ and this is a case in Bronx, NY
are stun guns legal for self protection in ny
can I file that petition in PA if the original case was in Queens NY?
basically in ny there is an eviction mormitorum until aug 20 but from june 20 it has to be specifically covid related
140 Roverscape drive Fulton NY 13069
i just want NY out the case so I can deal just with VA
Yes, I am writing on behalf of my brother and his family that lives in Newark NY.
I live in Brooklyn NY, but my previous court order was done in The Bronx NY.
The apartment is in Astoria, Queens NY, but I’m living in Connecticut with my sister
If I register here in NY would it cause complications or delays
well I guess you do call this western NY. I'm a lil east of Rochester
yes i need to print them and fill them out and fax them to ny so they will be ready when i arrive in ny
need to read opt in Albany ny
The court did say NY hold jurisdiction..and my main concern is that I want my daughter back in NY
NY court but Massachusetts took taxes
Okay. If i obtain an order from my country, will that be honored in NY and would that qualify for his name to being included?
Yes I was arrested on 42nd st ny
VA but vastly the most frustrating part is VA hides behind NY .
My daughter has been living with me for the past 8 months in Brooklyn Ny
in ny, if i did not sign a prenup, am i entitled to half of the marital assets?
I am not in NY city. I am about 4 hours north west of there in Naples NY
I am trying to petition NY as both the child and I live in NY now
my address is 967 kelly st bx ny 10459
They are in the Albany, NY area and will go to the hearing with you?
Outside I live in Upstate NY- Troy(city)
yes. I am familiar but with Arizona. Thank you I will look at Ny
I am 57 yrs old she has compromised my health physically and has exasperated my PTSD.  Bronx NY
THEY BRIBED NY DMV AND NJ MOTOR VEHICLE
How much is it to.file for a legal separation in malone ny
NY just announced no eviction until Jan 2020.
Do you have a list of legal firms that offer services in NY (Queens) to set up living trusts?
No. Maine but the custody papers were in NY. How did I get Georgia? I typed in suffolk, NY?
pua will continue in Ks. I know I probably have to change my address on NY dept of labor website where i file weekly
Gabrielle joyner 594 Ontario St Buffalo NY 14207
