My next court date I have fact finding for child support with my ex husband. I need a attorney. He is trying to hide information.
Do you know how long it’ll take for me to get a court date?
Will I get a court date and then I have a process server serve the other parent ?
I did file back in December. My court date was set for April then postponed to August and seems will not happen.
I forgot my upcoming court date and need help ,can you assist me?
How do I find out I got court like the date
can her ex ask for retroactive support? or is it just from date of filing?
Is Nassau all in writing? Or will I have a live hearing date?
Do you have the website where I can find my next court date ?
i have a basic question about court date as i cannot find the information
Hi I am in need of an a lawyer for a upcoming court date on March 31
I have a court date in November and have been served with a petition.
OK YOU DIDN'T HELP ME I NEED FREE LEGAL REPRESENTATION ON THE COURT DATE !!!!
So that they can process my modification I need a court date
or I can get a new court date first?
Lucas, I urgently need a court decision that I never received since court date.
I applied for hearing, and I have a hearing date on September 29th
OK I have a court date for February 5th it's a holding case
and howlong does it take fo rthe court date?
I am sorry correction. I meant since the date of june 9th yesterday date!
I have a court date which was April 7 which I couldn't attend am calling the court and no answer what can I do
I will like to change my court date for famil court
and when and how is the court date generated?  do i have to serve her first?n
There’s a court date but it’s not until January 26th
I asked for time to inspect and the 12/21 date was offered as the inspection date
Because I havent get any notification for any other court date yet
Because of covid19 I will not get a court date until April.
Need help with e-court hearing date
court date got moved i do not know for what date but my support keeps adding up
I was shown a website where I can find my next court date but I have forgotten it
Or is there a free online source that i can obtain paperwprk to request the court date be rescheduled or adjourned
and if i file a GF-17 myself wouldnt that just give me another court date?
Need to get the dates I registered my child support ordrer
Hi I am trying to get an early court date to see the judge how can I do that
and then the father gets served and we get a court date, right?
But the DIY form wont allow the date to be past 1990
the terms are that the they come to an agreement that the father approves. The return date was the 20th
when i logged on here it displayed the date nov 2nd 2017
I have the papers but I have to change dates and address,can I cross out the dater and write a new one
General question. In criminal court does a probono attorney get assigned in courtroom or do we need to request prior to court date?
I lost my paperwork that had my foreclosure court date on it
Is there a way to see when my court date is online for family court
I'm trying to find out my next court date
I would like to have it in hand for my court date.
So how was it that the other side was able to have it adjourned and a new date before the past court date?
My hearing is on 3/2 this Tuesday - is there any possibility to receive assistance for this date?
hi i need to file for custody and how do i do this online so i can get a court date im filinf in queens
Can we become evicted without a court date.
Yes, a temporary one until the next court date
How do I find out my next court date?  Are the foreclosure courts open?
Yes I got a court date I want o check on
Ok so do I need to try and schedule a court date ?
I am just trying to schedule an online court date
I was wondering if there was a way to find out my child support court date online?
I have a visitation AND and custody court order already dated back to 2015
I am in need of a Cortland County lawyer for a child custody court date.
If i put a violation in for a court order for child support against my exhusband and i have a court date
If someone is renting and signed a hardship agreement how is a landlord able to get a court date for a hearing for eviction
another question about the Oct court date
Can I obtain free legal council for my court date?
idk when my court date is or what the procedurew thereafter are
how do I find out if they put a new court date for my child support
but they said I can make a date for it until the courts open
Hi my name is westly oliver I have a court date tomorrow  what sight do westchester court use
Sure thing do have one question fair hearing how long til you get a date? got confirmation a few weeks ago but no date.
i was trying to find out when my next court date was for family court
Meaning, of I get there Nov. 4th and she refuses. Could I file and have a date withing a week no more than 2?
i called the courts and found that i have a date Dec 4
So we fill out the petition and wait for a court date? Or how does it work?
But why are you saying is That I could have the child support date changed
I need help obtaining a lawyer and I'm lost on when is my next court date. Since I need to speak with a judge asap.
I am writing as I am wanting to know what my right to have court date moved.
No I got court but I don't know whats the date for it
i have the first court date set for 1/25. my daughters mom says i wont be able to see my kid until after that
I was very ill from Dec to May with flue like symptons and missed 1 court date on esh case
Hi can I change a settlement conference court date
Tell you the truth I miss your court date and they have boosted my monthly amount to 128 from $25
Sale contract date was 5 weeks before he presented it to me
I was checking on my next housing court date.
if an order is been appeal and the appeal is pending a decision...can the lender set a sale date?
I need help finding my court time and date
I have a court date, in Cayuga county for child support
What would I file for an in person court date instead of a virtual court
but never made it to the second court date because the mother said don’t  go
my old court date is July 23rd. Have not received any new info thru mail
I just need to know if I have to put the date and hour of the screenshots but never mind. Helpless you all
I know that but we already been so many court dates
Cayuga county. . Has not yet filed a court date
I didn't server her papers yest she is aware of the court date and received notification to be in court. She lives in missouri
It is still open. Our next court date is Monday February 1st where supervised visits will be ordered
my house is in forclosure, due to corina 19, can the courts  make a auction date yet
going to the police won’t do anything as temporary taking her outta the home until the court date?
My son has court date but need lawyer for myself
i have a court date for a willful intent trial I am the receiver of support
Yes. I need to print and have them notarized and then I file them and then i get a court date
I just want to know when is my child support court date
We have a court date in March so I think the case is pending?
She just received papers for custody and visitation with court date in Oct
I already answered and when I met with plaintiffs lawyer the court set a date which is next Monday
I have an open case from December 2019, but no order or court date
For change of venue to Ohio, should she wait and bring this up at the court date? or file something in advance?
I know her name the county her date of birth and death
my court date schedule in 50 days, so can i represent my case in court. i done with the attorney fee.
On our next date, his attorney filed for an adjournment
Looking for form to reschedule a family court date
yes. I am trying to obtain custody of my two daughters and I have not heard anything about a court date
I’m not she put some random guy on there that she dated
but he never received this mail and is afraid there may be a court date coming up
I missed my family court date yesterday thinking it was today and would like to reschedule. How can I do this?
Hi my husband has an upcoming court date for custody of his daughter
how do i get a court date for child support
I HAVE A CURRENT CHILD SUPPORT VIOLATION COURT DATE MAY 29TH
No I don’t have a new court date as yet
I logged in but I can only see my name the reason why I filled out the petition and the date
If a person misses a causes of order court date in family court due to a conflict in schedule, what should they do to correct?
I did do that and my court date isn’t set till February 27th
Can i know how to reschedule a child support court date
also I am not able to see the court time they only gave me the date
I need a court date before my permit is suspended
Im tryin to get a court date
Also my child custody and order of protection court date is on Dec 12; child support date is on Jan 16
yes the date was literally the day before the state shut the courts down
Do I get a date or I have to go into the court physically and get further information
So how can i file then you say. I ca. Get.  E fail date
Thank you, now wat about having a court date and wanting to go to court?
Hello how would I find my next court date
I would be able to place a petition online and wait back for a viral court date hearing
When  could I find out about the court date and I need to make a correction on the fiing
how long after the court issues a forclosue is a sale date set
From some months ago, I filed but couldn't make it so no one ever contacted me back about a new court date
Our court date was set for April 20th
How do we do this is a quick as possible not to have to wait for court dates that are months out
if my court date is moved to somewhere else or postponed will I recieve notice?
Once I do the DIY petition does it tell me how to file? Do I have to go to the court for a date?
Good day. How do I schedule a court date for child support?
How can get e file date when i have not e file yet
He also has to pay retroactive from her date of birth 4/5/2020 his payments would start in Jan
I need to file a petition for a court date for child support
I would but not sure I could afford it. Nor do I have a court date yet. Everything was put on hold because of Covid
yes, it was late, but paid in full before court date.
What building should I go to in order to put in for a court date?
Yes, but because it is Family Court I can o my see scheduled dates there. I can’t see proof of any filings.
they did the usual threatening litigation, gave her a fake court date
No court date says earliest eviction date on the 21st
who can I contact to find out if my court date is today?
I forgot what time my court date is where do I go online to find it?
I’ve a court date for December 16th and I can’t make it
I would like representation for a court date Wednesday 01/22/2020 9am at the civic Center
We have a court date for cutody on june 4
We do currently have a temporary agreement as we are awaiting a court date
Okay because the case got dismissed again but she filed again and i have another court date in 2 weeks
The court date continues to be postponed but I'm trying to figure out what I should be doing in the meantime.
how do I get a court date for a new Position for for custody
My son cannot be in court.  He is on tour. So I need to know how the court date could be rescheduled.
is they while filling out the forms or once a court date is ordered
I have a court date regarding child support next week.
Is everything virtual or will I be able to get a court date ?
no court date or no date of when it’s supposed to be paid.
3 payments have been made since that date they cashed all 3 checks. I received court papers for october 9th yesterday.
I have a court date this week and my court documents were misplaced. AM I still able to attend court?
It was originally scheduled for October and the other party adjourned and 12/6 is the new date
My daughter said we have a court date but I know nothing bout it
i file online will they mail me a court date
the court date is July 30, 2020 the childrens lawguardian said put in a petition
So that’s why I need to change the court date
Do u have to refile if you missed the court date or can we call to reschedule
I recieved a letter that my court date was postponed,  how can I see the status and get more information on it
i need to fill it asap an fax it to the family court so i can call or video by my court date
Court have everything on him I need a date r go back home to Atlanta how long
Hello I'm trying to see about visiting rites and whens my new court date
He has a court date set for November regarding the restraining order.
The letter went to my dads house. I didn’t even know I had a court date
My son father received a letter about child support the court date is on May but it’s because i applied for cash assistance
How do I request a continuance?  Filed in July with court date Dec 1.  Just got served yesterday and I am out of state.
That’s the thing the courts closed so the scheduled court date wasn’t able to happen
can you help with a family lawyer he has an upcoming court date still pending
It’s not to late to contact a lawyer? My court date is one the 16
I have a court date tomorrow and am confused about what documents in reference to my tax return need to be brought to court.
90 day notice was given in february, may 9th was date she was supposed to move by, no court dates yet
The hearing was set (finally) for August 2020; but my attorney withdrew 2 weeks before that date.
Missed my court date how can I file a new petition
I’m trying to see when it’s my next court date
And specifying the overall condition of the unit the date it was vacated?
i want the order dropped or at least filed to be droped before his court date in november
Understood.  No court date yet.  Just received the complaint.  and
If I fill out a GF-17 wouldnt I have another court date?
the originally scheduled date on the letter Monday April 27 2020
I've worked with LIFT prior to my 2/21/20 court date
How long would you estimate for the court to provide a court date?
Me and the dad got swapped but I miss the court date for the baby to get swapped
Pay. But 1 payment and that was on my hearing date. 6 mnths ago
Hey! I have a question/advice upon breaking my lease before court dates
How can i see my court date if has be updated with new date
First court date? I thought it was file papers and go once and it's done.
The court date is for NJ family court
hello how can i find out when my court case date is lost paper work
Family court is closed how do i get a court date?
Will i be getting a mail back with the court date?
Had a court date today how do I find out new date court was cancelled
How do I check on a pending housing case court date during covid
Hi. Apparently I missed a court date (I don’t know for what) and a warrant was issued for my arrest
Hello, I need help filling out these petitions to set up a court date
i actually already filed support just waiting for a court date
I need a sealed court disposition from my case dated back on 1/27/94
my next court date is dec 20
So for example. If normally a case had to be filed on March 29th, what is the new date?
I would like to know when is my court date my name is oscar Tlamani
if I want to move the mediation date to a later date how do I ask the Judge for this?
I would like to find out my next court date and my lawyer is not answering my calls
Yes but the court date is tomorrow can I postpone the court date
i need to make a modification hearing as i missed my court date of yesterday
It may take a few years for my priority date to become current.
Will this go directly to the court so they can schedule me a court date ?
I missed my court date went a day late. Filed an appeal for judge to reheat my case do they do that?
how do i file online so i can get a court date
