It's because the language says that I acknowledge the apartment is not rent stabilized. I think it is rent stabilized
I want to apply for house rent. I heard that about one sort deal.but I don’t know how to apply for that!
OK what about the new landlord can he really raise the rent an extra 150.00? I thought it was only a certain percentage?
Is there a help line for Covid related non payment of rent
If I don’t qualify for section 8 how much can they legally raise rent?
he called me a "retard" in a text demanding rent
I have a rent payee and I want to be my own rent payee. I draw SSI.
Left voice mail and email I June I was just going to give him same rent
and he never takes rent from checks he only want cash
My rent is 1064.98 and my case manager wrote down 1039.00
some questions about rent histories and rent stabilized apartments
im looking for whether i can get a rent credit for the time that the apt was uninhabitable.
landlord also make a illegal space to rent where im living its a garage make that place for rent
I have written proof thru his e mail that he specifically asked for our portion of the rent for may and June
I not rent out full basement, I only share her 1 out of 4 bedroom in the basement
my landlord keeps adding late fees to my rent and is messaging me all the time for rent is this legal right now
hello how do I know if I was approved for rent relief
I just discovered the letter was not Notarized. He's just being a bully. Rent for rent & utilities
++  I have a roomate--housemate who has not paid any rent in almost a year--- can I evict him    I have expense and wont hely
landlord  was collecting rent from another the granddaughter who took over the unit
Paid her rent, bought supplies for her and my daughter
I need to know how much my land lord can up my rent
I have one question how long after your notified of rent increase are you obligated to ay
any relief for rent for seniors -70 plus?
is the covid rent relief program open to coop owners behind in maintenance - like mitchel lama etc
Hi, I have a question about my landlord increasing my rent
Hello! I was wondering if it was legal to withhold rent from your landlord if he hasn’t done heating repairs?
Hi my name is Paul Mayes I need help not understand the rent relief appreciation
I just got caught up in my rent. I owe December rent. Did the evictions get extended
I tried numerous times to apply for the rent relief. But can't get in the system.
Which, to our understanding was one of the prerequisites to qualify for SOTA, making at least double the rent
I owned a pvt home and rents to tenants. How  do I get help collecting rent ?
Yes COVID rent relief programs need help in rent before it’s over 7/31/20
I want to request for rent abaetment, I have not had gas in my apt since May 27th, gas is included in my rent
I'm owe rent and about 2 get eviction
the landlord is asking for rent April. May and June
Landlord is raising my rent an illegal amount and won't offer a lease without the illegal raise in rent.
The apt is hdfc no rent control.no succession rights
They want full rent ..plus june
HE IS NOT PAYING THE RENT, ALWAYS LATE, AND I DONT WANT TO RENT ANYMORE AND PLUS THE BASEMENT IS NOT LEGAL
Thank you.  Can a landlord raise rent by 10% at once?
can the owner of my park keep the star program check and subtract it from my monthly rent payment?
No.. my rent through covid has been paid in full.and on time
I am behind on rent for 2 moths  or 3 with this
I owe rent and I need help just had a premature baby not able to work
I owe him for aug and now September but I did give him 100.00 towards August rent now he is taking me to court
what do i do about my landlord?  I'm worried b/c rent was due yesterday
non payment of rent may to July with interest  I’m only one working wife not workjnt
i have rented an apartment back in October and I rented the other room to a roommate girl
I need to know how much my landlord can up my rent
I have a question on the NYC rent relief program. I applied and not sure what the status is and how to check it
I read online that he must inform me of more than a 5% increase in rent more than 30 days in advance
I gave him rent for April and may he also asked for June but.
Never got a rent blissey, the landlord take cash and walk away
I’m looking for information regarding if a landlord can charge rent for a emotional support dog or service dog.
Most all,own their trailers,but 1 trailer ia rented and has landlord actual rules.
sorry it’s section 2524.5 of the rent stabilization code
I finished and printed out the Affidavit of Service   and  Rent Demand
Landlord is evicting me saying I owe him July Aug and now September rent
im facing eviction even though rent is not owed. Simply because they don’t want to rent the apartment anymore
I have a question about rent raise in a rent controlled or rent subsidized apartment
the landlord sent an e mail on June 1st asking  for our portion of the rent for may and June
besides i paid on his health insurance n his owed rent rent
Hello I believe my landlord is over c charging    me in rent
I am the father and the recent child support increase has made it where I cannot even afford my rent anymore
I signed a stipulation for late rent payment.
i was sued for non payment of rent recetntly and the back rent was paid and still nothing was done
what do i do about my landlord though?  I'm worried b/c rent was due yesterday
and how about rent relief due to leaking ceilings ?
I have a question about a new policy my landlord is trying to enforce with rent collection.
How do I file a nonpayment court case in Newburgh NY? I have the rent demand and affidavit of service. Do I upload the documents?
I paid rent for March and could not access space for 2-weeks in March.
the landlord  at first was very cordial just asked for the section 8 portion of the rent for may and june
the appeal came from not enough award in the rent abatement we sought
No rent due as a matter of fact we paid 1000 august 30 2019 rent was 199 lease expired 2
Hi Ester.my question is concerning is it legal for a landlord to divert rent payment towards a a great situation?
would the stop rent increase form help with what they said on the letter?
Im trying to find info on how to take  my former landlord to court for taking my belongings in lieu of back rent
Ok.. court is stopping eviction, and I am doing a holdover case. I want to know how can I ask for the back rent...
does threatening me tthat theyll double my rent count
I think it's okay to raise rent, just not $125
i received court papers for non payment of rent filed on 9/9/2020
I'm on wrong page I wanted to ask about rent relief program
I have rent checks from my bank to their bank dating back to 2013
Can undocument resident of my apply for the covid rent relief
they said we to apply  before july 31 for rent assisance program
Hi I have a rent area that needs to be looked over
Thank you so much I'm in a 80/20 program that is ending in 2022 if you have DRIE isn't ur rent supposed to frezze
I would like info regarding applying for rent relief
can you give me more information about how and when it is appropriate to withhold rent?
Yes....I applied for the Rent relief program ...how soon will I know if I was approved and how do I find out
I got a rent  history and the previous tenant's rent was 780.14$ and I came in to a rent of 1250$
is my landlord have the right to increase my rent by $150 in one shot
Hi I would like to know how do I apply for the covid-19 rent relief program
I'm worried b/c rent was due yesterday
Are there limits on how much your rent can increase at one time
i would like some help getting to the covid-19 rent relief program please
I have a specific situation regarding a rent stabilized building. Can you help with that?
Is this hte information about the rent relief program?  i just have a question
I'm trying to apply for the rent relief
im looking for whether or not it's within my legal rights to withold rent while the apt is uninhabitable
hello i want to fill out for covid rent relief but don't know where to go
live in nyc..signed new 2 year lease rent stabilized apt starting 4/2020...is my lease grandfathered into covid rent stabilized rent freeze..
can you point me to any resources that show that rent payments for a commercial lease should go to arrears and not current rent
I received a letter from my landlord “fourteen day rent demand”
hi yes i would like more information about scenarios in which i can hold rent from my landlord.
my grandmother is receiving scried and had her rent frozen, she is unable to operate alone on a day to day basis.
not a eviction letter yet. its a letter from landlord's lawyer to asking for rent
My landlord raised my rent started August 1st 2020. Is that legal? How do i go about this?
Non payment of rent not cause of COVID-19
plus the calculation of what I make gross with unemployment doesn’t add up to what my rent is by 30%
he never takes rent from checks he only want cash
good. Is it possible i will find a category for preferential rent there?
I need to know if I’m able to collect back rent and or eviction is my only option
My new landlord wants to increase my rent 60%
Me and the landlord had a verbal agreement. Agreed on august 27th to send rent payment with extra $700 monthly til caught up
