no i no longer want to be a father and give mother full custody
i would like to file for full custody of my son?
I'm need to get full emergency custody for my son I feel like his father isn't doing this as he should
I would like to know what's the process to filling full custody of a child
so what is the first step in filing for full custody of a child
I need help regarding filing for full custody and child support for my son
My court case is over but I wanted to file a petition for full custody of my children back
How do I go about filing for full custody of my daughter who is living g with me
Hi I've been filing for full custody over my daughter and I have a few questions about the forms to be filing.
I need help to file for full custody of my children but I don't know how to do it
I need direction on how to file for full legal and physical custody. I am asking for my daughter
Can I get the form online to file a petition for full custody of my children
if I have to pay in full and get reimbursed I can’t afford to pay it in full first
I'd like to file for partial custody of my daughter, my parents currently have full custody and I'm not sure where to start.
Okay, so with that her father is actually filling for custody and visitations. How do I go about filling for full custody?
Thank you Celine. I'm filing for Full Custody.
Can I still get child support from the other parent if I have full custody?
Yeah but the father has full custody right now
I’m trying to see how do I go about trying to file for full custody
How would i go about getting full custody of my child?
I am scared to file because he continually threatens to file full custody
Can you please let me know where I can go online to file for full custody and child support for my child
and not giving him full custody in what i stated in this document
I want to get full custody of my children. And I don't know if I should go to a judge or a mediator
I need to go to court for Full custody of my daughter
yea I think so she there parent and has full custody We want me to be added on
i will like to file for full custody of my child where can I do that and how
I need to file a petition for full custody of my daughter
RIght, but which would get me full custody the GF-40 or the GF-17?
Where do i find help about preventing custody to be share with the father. I currently have full custody
I need to file a full custody form but I don’t find it
I have been trying to find the law for relocation if i have Full custody.
Please direct me to the form to file for my daughter to file for custody of her children (full custody)
my daughter father is in jail I want to know how to get full custody of her what’s steps I need to take
I would like to file for full custody of my 3 year old son
i want to petition the court for full custody reason being my child was molested by her grandfather
If you are an unmarried mother do you automatically have full custody?
I am seeking for full legal custody of my children
We use to have both custody but she want behind me to fill to fill full custody , since she knows I don't live there
Is that where we put saying to grant the after full custody or give the reason for what to give custody visitation ?
Im pretty sure I have full custody because my son's father is a non custodial parent
Hello I need help filing for full custody
I'm looking to file for  full custody or shared . What forms are available
okay, I understand. So what does usually happen when i file full custody over my daughter ?
Because I and my boy are separate now, I want to know how can i get full custody?
i want full custody - just not sure how to go about it.
i am trying to file for a petition for full custody
Hi, i am needing to file for full custody of my son
I would like to have full custody of my child
i would like to file the form for full custody but I don’t find it
I am trying to file for full custody of my child
im just trying to apply to get full custody of my son
How can I go about filing for full custody of my daughter?
Hi, i would like to know the process of getting full custody from my child father
Sorry I meant immediate custody I don’t know if it’s temp it full
hello I have temporary full custody of my son in family court
they parties have 50/50 custody but one is taking the other for full custody
How do I file for full custody of my child since his mother die of COVID-19
someone also told me that filing a GF-17 shows the court I want full custody.
I want to know if I have full custody of my 3 child.
I had a question about filing for full custody of my 2 children.
I was advised by two lawyer to file for full custody because since the order been place I don't have fully custody of my son
can you just let me know where I can go online to file for full custody and child support for my daughter
i was looking for information on to file for full custody
but never got the custody paper that directly states i have full custody of my child
I want to file for full custody of my kids
I need to understand what I need to fdo to file for full custody
I would like him to only have vistations only. I am not sure if that is me having full custody.
i an fighting for full legal and physical custody
hi im looking for the petition to file for custody. neither me or his father has full custody but i want custody of my child
I’m trying to file for emergency full custody of my daughter
I would life information about getting full custody of my brother
Hey I would like to know the steps to filing full custody
Hello i would like to know.  What. Can I do. To fight the full custody of my child
Where do I go to get papers to file for full custody of my child
So i can just file the papers as is for full custody? Also what is the process since the courts are closed right now?
I am trying to find out how I can apply for full custody of my children
i am trying to gain full custody of my daughter and do not know where to start
i want to file for full custody or be considered the custodial parent
currently the aunt has custody. There is no case against me so i like to get full custody of my son.
need to file for full custody in manhattan
Which form do I fill out if I want to obtain full custody of my child
I would like to know how can I go about filling for full custody for my son?
I have full custody of my son and I am going to move to Texas
I need help I’m not sure how to go about getting full custody of my son
I was recently divorced and me and my x have shared custody but my kids reside with me and I wanted to have full custody
I am not sure I have full custody or not. Legal custody is both  I guess
What form do i need to fill out for full custody?
how can I get full custody of child I don’t
I would like help with filing for child support and full custody of my children
I’m trying to obtain full custody of my children
can i file a petition for full legal custody on the diy form if there isn’t an existing order?
I need help filing for full custody over my two daughters
I'm filing for full custody of my daughter the father is not around and does not do anything nor help
Hi I'm would like help with filling for full custody of my children and child support
need help on full out a vist/custody form
I want to know how can I file for full custody of my child
I am filing a petition for Full Custody of my Son.
I would like to get full custody of my son and want to know the procedure along with the right I have as a father
I am requesting some information on what forms I need to get to file for full custody
I guess my question is how do I go about filing for child support and full custody as well
I want to know how to file for full custody
I am trying to file for full custody of my daughter how do I do this onli ne
Where can I get the forms to petition for full custody and child support
now im looking to file for full custody.
Hi so I would like to file for full custody of my daughter
I missed the dates so she got full custody
can i file a petition for full custody at the same time?
I need help to file full custody of my daughter
that the state wouldn’t give her insurance because she didn’t have full custody
Hello I need help with filing for full custody
I’m trying to submit a petition for full custody
I have full custody and I am thinking of moving out of state.
i would like full legal custody and child support
i am trying to file for full custody of my daughter with no visitation
Hi Goodmorning i need to file full custody of my child where do i go
i am maternal grandmother and can have both parents allow me to have full custody but I don’t know what to do
hello where can i find the application to file for full custody
I have a kid with my girlfriend. She wants to give up the full custody. What I should do?
My ex filed custody paperwork to get full custody of our daughter and I don’t know what to do or where to start
Where can I find a form to fill out for full custody online ?
I'm almost ready to file for full custody at this point.
But I do live in Missouri and just moved. Can I still file for full custody or custodial parent and transfer rights to my mother
Do I need a reason to file for full custody?
I'm looking for information on how I go about filing for full custody of my child
Yed..’m filing for full custody and child support
I want to file for full custody of my son
Can you get full custody of a child if you’re still married to the father but I have been separated for four years
Thank you so much! and that would also include the forms for full custody as well?
I want to know what an how to file a full custody petition
Hi, i will like to know whats the process of getting full custody from my childs father?
I have a question I want to file full custody for my kids what can I do ?
Is there anyway I can file full custody and child support right now in nyc
His grandmother had full custody and he left her house
I am going for full custody. I don't trust him having visitations of our kids
Hello I need help with my full custody petition I don’t understand the legal jargon.
Hello my name is Julissa and I want to file for full custody for my son
I would like to take my baby father for a full custody of my child
I was granted full custody in a Family Court Order
I would like to know how I can go about filing for full custody in the county of Richmond
Trying to obtain full custody of my child that there is currently no order
I was wondering,  how do I go about filing for full custody and middle and last name cha
I am trying to get full custody of my child
I would like to get information on how to get my daughters full custody ? what can i do
they have legal full custody of the twins that were adopter "Henry and Holden"
okay. Is it possible to request full custody
Trying to get help with failing for full custody
i just need to know if i can start a petitionj here online for full custody
Hi, I want to file for full custody and child support. How do I go about it
What do I need to do to file for full custody of my child?
Hi I would like to file a petition for full custody for my daughters
I need help finding full custody paperwork
At his point I am sharing my child with his biological father. I would like to obtain full custody
I’m trying to figure out why do I owe child support for 2020 if I have full custody
i want to file for full custody can I get the form online
I would like to file for full custody.
I would like to file for Child Support and Full Custody for my child.  I am a Single mother and on a fix income.
Can I file for full custody of my son online ?
YesHello I have full custody of my kids and looking do
Where can I get an application to file for full custody of a child
I want To file for full custody and was wondering if it’s open due to covid
yes, what is the document I need to file for full custody
Do I file for Full Custody first then Child Support. or Can I file for both at the same time
I just wanted to know exactly which court house I need to go to file for full custody of my child
I need to apply for child support and full custody and divorce please
I need to forms to file for full custody of my kids
What's the difference between having full custody and filling for absentee father ?
I have full and physical custody of my daughter and need to change this
I will like to petition for full custody of my child
I need a lawyer to file for full custody of my son
I would like information about how to file for full custody
have you also provided the link to file for full custody
I want to know what paperwork do I need to petition for full custody for my children
im looking for a form to file for full custody of my daughter
Hello I need help with filing for full custody for my daughter
I would just like to know how can I file a petition for full custody in Brooklyn, NY?
yes last court order that i have gave me full custody.
I want to get full custody of my children , what are things that would help me in my case
I’m looking for help and services to file a petition for full custody of my daughter from her father
I want to file for child support and would like to have full custody of my child
is there a possibility if he take me to court, for this child, that he might get full custody for the child?
I am trying to file for child support and full custody of my 3 children. I need to know where to begin
My son is 13, and I tried to file for full custody on the nyc courts website
What form can I use to apply for full custody of my child?  Her father is an unstable drug addict.  Thanks for help!
I want full custody of my child and child support what should I do?
I want to file for child support and full custody I need assistance
I need help filing for full custody for my daughter
Hi I need help trying to file for child support and full custody of my son
hello it’s my first time and I want to file for full custody
if i have to serve someone with full custody paperwork is it also 8 days before ? just like the child support one?
I am trying to file full custody of my daughter with no visitation from her father
I have full custody but that doesn’t stop him from ever fighting for custody in the future
I want to apply for full physical custody of my son..but in the diy forms I only see forms to modify an order
I have a questions, don't we have custody both? I was never give full custodial rights under the court.
I would like to take my sons father to court for full custody. I’m just not sure how to start
We are looking to file for a child custody modification to get full custody of my 14 and 16 year girls
I like to file for full custody what is the link
I am trying to get full custody of my daughter right now me nor her mom have legal custody of her.
i need assistance with getting child support and full custody
Hi just have a question if I want to file for full custody of my child how can I go about that
I would like to file for full custody
It’s no custody order in place but I’m the full time parent
Hello I need help filing for full custody please I can not find the link
none of those thinks helped me file a petition online for full custody
I would like to know the steps of filling for full custody of a child
i am trying to find the form to file for full custody of my child
I would like to start a petition for full custody but im not sure if an appointment it required do to covid.
It's between myself and the grandmother. No mediation, she filed for full custody.
I am looking for a probono lawyer for a DV case and to get full custody
