Not a complaint. Court Appearence. No idea. Must have been the father who to my knowledge lives in New York still.
do you the phone number or child support in monroe county in new york
Yes, as attorney here said I need to contact someone in New York
My current husband filed in New York and adopted the 2 boys but the judge dismissed the girms petition
A friend of mine received a marijuana offense. Do you have any information regarding those laws in New York City?
My husband lives in New York. Do I have to be present during the process?
Yes, I'm in New York County (Manhattan).  I would not be able to pay for legal services at this time.
Ella es nacida en New York
I would like help filing a family court petition in Bronx county New York
Can someone file a custody petition in a different county then where the child lives in new york?
Sorry its 181 prospect st newburgh new york
New york city or brooklyn or queens
I am in Jamaica and my child father is in New York. I need to start a case
No, but i welling to go to new york to file complaint there?
217 centre st, New York , NY 10013
Yes that’s okay Hi just wondering is there a way to file for custody online in New York
Buffalo New York zip code 14222
I wanted to know who can I talk to about obtaining my last child support payment from new york
Ok. The Statute of limitation is 5/16/2020. Accident occurred in New York( Manhattan)
I filled out some forms for new york courts.gov, I don't know if it's okay
im really not sure I know it was a family court in Manhattan New York
If I'm not a resident of New York how can they take double?
Hello . I need a  copy child support  recorded documents  from court Bronx New York
How can I register a power of attorney in New York?
Ok if you when to court in New Jersey for child visitation but the child and the mom move to the New York  Long Island
i live in south carolina but my case is in new york  .
I will try rural law center of New York
Looking for a Fulton county New York landlords association but cannot find it on Google search
It is for New York County Supreme Court
I live in Salisbury North Carolina. My case is in Manhattan New York
so sir my live in new york city you help my father
I am going through the Erie county family court in Buffalo New York
i was told in new york youcan  go for child abandondment if a parent has made no contact in over 6 months
I want to die a hospital in New York
Also, in New York can you record someone without their knowledge or consent and try to use it against them in court?
Upstate New York near Glens Falls NY
New York Vital records does not uave a record of my birth. And I cannot do anything towards  prosperity
If the child is born in Philadelphia how does New York have rights?
He is currently incarcerated in new york Manhattan
Lake mary florida.. seminole county but I think it comes from new york because they were adopted in new yotk
Where do I sue my cousin from Hoboken new jersey who sold me my house here in New York
yes i do i live with my Biological mother and my stepfather in New York City
i am trying to get information on my divorce I no longer live in New York
Yes please, what time is it now in New York?
How do I find if there is an open case with CPS in New York?
I know just need to know if I can file online since I don’t live in New York ?
how much in minimum wage by 2020 in new york
Now after calling tons of time on the 24/01/20 my luggage was send to new York which is a lie
New York Supreme Court- Uncontested Matrimonial
Yes...... the contract is under California law and I need to know if it will hold up in new york
I’m in Richmond County New York
You are redirecting me to New York City lawyers and I would have to pay $35 and I am not a New York City resident?
Can i get an order of protection  out on her in case she comes to new york and tries to make up lie about me
She was living in Pa at the time but she’s back in New York now
i need information on filling a petition for child support in new york
Are there different laws for different parts of New York?
I live in New York so it would probably make more sense to leave my message for the LawyersAlliance,right?
Thanks, Is New York Supreme Court - Criminal Term
The court house is Rockland county family court in New York
thank you for your help.  I miss New York because of services such as this.
works in New York and Kings, lives in bronx I think.  checking
I’m in upstate New York, Orange County. Will this information be useful to me
i was wondering I live in Rochester New York and want to be emancipated how can I go about that process ?
We only need a legal paper so that my daughter's biological father can get the right to the new york paid family leave
I would like to know how can i go about filing for child support now that new york is on Shut down
correct, New York County, Manhattan
I would like to file for child support for my child dad who is in New York but I am in Jamaica
I don't live in New York so I'm trying to find a form online
civil court of the city of new york
I don't live in New York can you guide me what my right are to.
We can't do split custody between New York and Georgia, right?
my name is lavaughn johnson and i reside in pennesylvania but have a active case in new york
Yes I do, They live in upstate New York, I reside in Connecticut
Im in New jersey and the case happened was handled in New york
I have a case open in Albany New York they told me I can do it online I cannot find it
Civil court of the city of New York
No, my friend is the attorney for the original decedent in Texas and asked me this question because I am license in New York.
My child does not want too reside where he is in New York City
Good evening, when can I file child support case in New York City
Also does it matter if I have only been in NEw York for a little ?
It's signed by the building's new landlord & an attorney in New Rochelle
yes the child lives in new york
Nee York. The father filed in and he lives in Nee York.
I last filed in 2017 at..151 west Broadway,  4 fl..manhattan New York city.
New York City.  I am writing on behalf of my 86 year old mother
Ok.  Just want to know if there is a legal minimum in New York City.
when can I start the evcition process in erie county new york
the first one says it's for new york city.  is it also for nassau which is outside of the city.
1st dept New York county
Yes, I heard of an agency that works for the government in New York.
Yes new York and chemung county
Is the PUA application out yet  for new york
I need assistance with correcting a New York death certificate...
I am speak with we yesterday about them case freelotto-plasmanet-iwinnersadvantage new york
Poughkeepsie New York, Greenhaven Correctional Facility
New York non-profit corporation that provides this website as a free service to:
Need a number to call in new York area
How long does it take for the New York Queens Family Court to get a date from the day you file your petition
New York City Bar Free Legal Referral Service:  lrs@nycbar.org | www.citybarlegalreferral.org212.626.7373
I am looking to obtain resources in the new york area
Southern tier legal services out of bath, new york
I want to divorce I live in queens New York and need address the place help me to divorce
my son currently lives in New York City in the Bronx I reside in Manhattan
new york  small estate Manhattan
i dont know what you mean , its just medicaid in new york
I have a few questions regarding the one-person consent law for recorded conversations in New York City
I'm getting divorce in new york
no still live in new york city
I live in Virginia but my case is in orange county new York
Hi all I’m looking for is the electronic testimony forms for New York City Family Court.
Police have been at home five times you didn’t order of protection inNew Rochelle  New York
I live in Port Saint Lucie  and I need to file for a Telephone testimony in New York
the child is still in new york and because of parents not going back the child has to come here.
Is there a date where you can file a new petition in New York?
theres a new bail reform in New York that starts Jan 1st
Denied unemployment insurance benefits in New York, self employed in New Jersey. 3 weeks nothing
is manhattan called new york county?
It was rent relief from New York law help
New York City Housing Authority
Please can Family court assist me with accommodation and how can I fill for child support in Brooklyn New York?
I live in Minneapolis but my case is in New York.
The property is in Queens, I live in South Carolina. I am told I need A New York Attorney.
OK I live in ulster county New York
Is safe to travel to New York city during the pause of coronavirus
I would like to know if there’s a way for me to stay in New York
Ok thank you but I’m in New York City
I need to file for custody in  Westchester New York
This is not New York City it is WestChester County that my case is in
Ok. Would you know if there's a website for asking questions to a law librarian in New York?
Sure.   Don't you work for New York Department of Health?
Ok great! I will also need address for Nassau County New York office
Rochester New York Monroe County
New York County, based on my place of residence (defendant), which is in Manhattan.
yeah I am located in new york area and need a lawyer or assistance with this case
I wanted to know if I can file for absentee father in New York City
im in new york for less than6 months
My husband lives in new york, so we cover the residency requirement
And I live in New York . I would like child support from him...
What are the steps? My mom resides in Queens New York
The issue involves discrimination/harassment based on race.  The institution is in new York, NY.
I'm looking to get landlord rights in New York. More specifically Oswego County
I was looking for a pro bono lawyer in Sullivan county New York the property was in hankins New York
WNY, Eire County ... Buffalo New York
New York City Bar Legal Referral Service
The kids reside with me I still live in New York
I'm in the USA new york new york 10032
I read NYS AO 78/20 which does not allow individuals to petition for child and support support in the 5 counties of New York City.
My son currently lives in New York City in the Bronx
I am in Warwick New York Orange county , USA
hello, I just lost connection. I was trying to get the contact of the New York Supreme Court
So is there no way for me to get emancipated in New York
Thank you . I am looking for the laws pertaining to Erie County New York, Western new York.
i don't live in new york city
hello, I had some questions about emancipation in new york?
yes its in new york queens area
Saint Lawrence county new york
Buffalo, New York (Erie County)
I am not from New York, so I'm not familiar with the agencies and licensing requirements.
My ex-husband has died and he has a house in New York, which both of of purchased together.  What is my rights.
why is minimun wage more in new york city
i was wondering if, as an emancipated minor in new york, i could write a will
New York City is very far and then also my case is in Westchester Court
That  was for New York City, I am in Upstate New York
My mother used the services of New York Legal Assistance Group back in 2015 to draft her Last Will and Testament
There was never a custody issue only child support and yes that was in New York
In present I live in Casey  Illinois  but we do the custody in New York .
right so let me start of by saying I'm an american citizen and was born in New york
How do I file a power of attorney in New York? My mom lives in Queens
Can you provide the website that i can find the statues of the New york law
I live in New York , Nassau County
It started in 2014, we koved back to New York which is where me and my current husband grew up in 2017
My grandmother lives in New York county, thats where the case would take place correct?
New york city family court (Manhattan)
how can i get the copy of my divorce stipulation of my settlement for new york
Are the courts open to file for custody for my child in Bronx New York?
the location is New York City Brooklyn
I had a question about rape law in New York  about the civil rights new law
I need information on Therapeutic Supervised Visits providers in New York and Princeton, New Jersey. thank you
hello, how can I find New York County Foreclousure lists?
yes, But I reside in Brooklyn New York my zip code is 11212
I worked in Buffalo New York from June 2018 to Feb 2019
I'm trying to take back guardianship for my father from New York City Foundation of guardianship
New york city. Rent stabilized apt. Subletting with landlord's permission. Sublet is fully furnished.
Trying to obtain supervisor information are the assigned counsel in Buffalo New York
I can't find the lawyer who represent me which was in New York City
Bronx New York but the case is in Queens
How do I register a power of attorney in New York?
OK great my son and his mother resides in the Bronx New York City and I reside in Manhattan in New York City
I live in New Jersey, but I work in New York
i sent two letter back in July to New York requesting it, and I haven’t received anything
Jessica what is the minimum Federal salary in the City of New York,example,Bronx,Manhattan,Queens,Brooklyn,Long Island and everything about Upstate New York?
I'm renting from New York City housing authority
Actually last October was my 16th month, so i should be good to claim in New York?
I am a victim of New York City unemployment insurance crime and discrimination.
California Must contact of Court House in New York the case Inside Report of judgment
If My only choice is the get a lawyer in New York City, will that be a problem for West Chester County?
The child doesnt live in new york city this information is based off new york city
Hi there, I'm a European citizen and i live illegally in new york for almost 5 years
i pay like i work in New york
i have a child support case in New York city
I live in Ogdensburg New York so which one should I call
sir my father  live in new york city you help my father
I’m in New York and they’re located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida
My case is in new York but I live and work in Pennsylvania
Is that 4 new York City or bflo ny
I dont live in New York anymore
Do you have representative who is oriented in both law New York and Canada.
I just had a question regarding New York Child support laws.
Can I appoint attorney in New York as i am in India and doing legal practice at Punjab and Haryana High Court?
Okay. Why do I read about abandonment after six months no contact in New York?
New York DOL application online just says did you quit
Is there documentation about New York guidance for child visitation during COVID?
Supreme Court county of New York
new york, New York - Manhattan
I am a parent in New York Brooklyn and paying child support
I would like to know can I file a family court petition for the Bronx, New York online? If so how?
Family Court in Queens,  New York
I am trying to reach someone in the Clinton County New York Surrogate Court Records.  The reason ...
have not practiced law in New York for 10 years
but i am unable to get to new york this is why i'm asking for help to find out what i can do?
what would happen if i ranaway at the age of 17 to another county of new york
It’s in New Jersey but I had to leave the house and come to New York with my parents.
ok.  She live in Ithaca New York.  We are actually veterans and the apartment is being paid by the GI Bill.
Also I live in orange county New York not New York City
I'm from New York. I looked for one
Alonzo Elliott whidbee 48 Fleet Walk apartment 6A Brooklyn New York 11201
Her permanent address is now North Carolina not New York
I live in Manhattan in New York City
Would you have the address for county New York .. my case was in Manhattan
I am told that New York laws are what I have to follow since that company in is NY
We arent in New York due to my mother being a high health risk.
I am looking for someone who can help me expunge a case back in 1989 in new york
Can I file for child support online from Jamaica to New York
im not fromnew york can you maybe help with refrrals
Do we seek legal aid in New York or in California?
Manhattan is in New York county isn't it?
In New York, do they recognize the partner or a blood relative as beneficiaries?
I want sue a hospital Jamaica in New York
Actually I want to know  is that possible to increase minimum wage in 2021 in the New York City ?
I’m from Delaware and they’re in New York. Will that still be ok
Need to speak to an new york unemployment lawyer
Yes, but it ends in Oct of this year-I did not get a new one for Oct of 2019 new landlord
after all these years,  now I lawyer in New York asking me to pay over $ 39000 for the loan
online with child support of new york
I just would like to know where and how to apply for child visitation in Bronx New York city
Please help can you helpmhelp find organizations in Nassau County New York?
Is this just for New York City? I do not live in the city.
I gave custody to his dad and his dad lost him and the New York System
Yes i live in new york city
and my Lieutenant friend here in New York City told me that something is not right here
I  am a victim with 6 broken bones on my face and reconstructive surgery that happened in New York
I will not continue as I need to know if his medicaid  can be transferred from New York to Massachusetts.
Biological mother and my stepfather in New York City
I transfer my section 8 to new York on fed 2 2020
I was asking for child support. The child was born in new york.
I would have to say New York county but sometimes it is Bronx
zip code 10031 New York NY
the child would be adopted by the mother's new husband (they live in New Hampshire)
The same thing happened when I tried to call New York Center for Law and Justice, Inc.Seems the number is old
New York, South Richmond hill
