Hi I have visitation with my son but his dad doesn't want me to pick him up because of the corona virus
Ok. But if she doesn't want mediation it will be time wasted
He has a 4 month old daughter and the child's mother doesn't bring her to see her Dad
It's just so frustrating.   This eviction moratorium just doesn't affect landlords.
Exatly.. he doesn't listen to me maybe he'll listen to the judge..
The link doesn't list Queens attorney.
Maybe I need to call this doesn't help
The last one doesn't look like they deal with employment law
they told methat the check doesn't come through them, it comes through comptroller office who is connected with family court to process the payments
She doesn't have an address I can mail things to directly.
She doesnt work full time, she lives practically rent free, and she cant demonstrate she can support herself
one more. If the support  doesn't stop and goes beyond, is she obligated to give it back? Will family court help?
he doesnt know much about why he has warrants or how he can start fixing this
it is a county government agency.  so that doesn't help.
Hi.. Doing a paternity petition, however the child's birthday field doesnt go past 1990.. The child was born in 1981
I know it doesnt give me way to do actually download I would nt be asking if it di
would they be willing to give me the forms to look over or it doesnt work like that?
how do I write a will that explains that and doesnt give him problems to take the kids...
Yes Iam  he doesn't  listen to me anymore
I am contacting preemptive, the place doesnt look good anymore and I know this guy will make mistake again.
Claudia Sutherland from Hudson valley legal services told me she doesn't believe she can get me on anything.
He say be love me. But he doesn't believe but he stays with me still.
ok...if that doesn't work, I'll be back...lol
she wants to move to Fl and be with her family  and doesn't want to go to jail
so even after establishing paternity if the girls mother doesn't let my son see his child that would be another case?
however, if there is no obvious abuse/neglect, should the case even be submitted for an investigation. it doesnt meet the requirements
I'm trying to modify a petition online but since it's against the grandmother, it doesn't let me.
And my exhusband doesn't want to comply with court orders
There are no other instructions on the site and the court clerk doesn't seem to be familiar with any additional required docs.
He works off the books and largely doesn't have proof of income. Is that sufficient to demonstrate that he is below the poverty line?
No they said I have to fill the petition online and online doesn't give me that option
Legal services of the Hudson Valley doesn't handle my sort of case.
my son has finished college and doesnt live with his mother
I read that already . It doesn't state how long would it take to receive it.
The problem is she doesn't have good enough credit to get the house
No thank you...very much I'm 28 nd these kids in these generation is a different ball game...this doesn't make sense
thank you! probably something that doesn't come up often!
does the child have rights if he doesn't want to go with his father
I would like an attorney because the one I have sucks and doesn't contact me until the day of court
He doesn't help or give the babe food or clothing or medicine
we were just wondering.  Old guidelines on the website, doesn't help me.. We won't open until June 1st, the earliest. Pediatric dental
My brother is not capable of handle any legal matters , and doesn't care at all...
but it has some boxes that i need to check off and it doesnt let me
So I already have a case number what do I do if she doesn't want to sign
But the money doesn't belong to the son - it belongs to the mother, right?
Yes i have that link. But it doesn't say which court should handle that
The lawyer I used doesnt practice anymore and I dont have any papers
I'm in court currently but doesnt look like she's complying with the procedure or prosecutor/D.a
I'm safe and she doesn't have access to anything. I have changed all passwords
it doesnt seem to fit my scenario since i am the man who knows the child is not mine
if the father doesn't want anything to do with the child and is not involed
My daughter asked me to print it for her. She doesn't have a printer
I dont think its formal . Its not from the courthouse . And it doesnt have a notery stamp .
It doesn't mean I filed anything, right?
It doesn't give me time to look, ut throws me back here
Doesnt the basic child support obligation cover "shelter"
But that doesnt help at all. Its giving no practacal info on how to file a simple document. Makes me wonder
I have been trying but she doesn't even know what's going on
But it doesn't list the Upstate minimum wage
so contact them if it doesnt end and theyll ask that I file a modification?
Yes and Blumberg law forms doesn't even have the new forms
that it doesn't look like I have exempt funds, they told me to contact you
in the letter i am accused of short-term rental, to which it doesn't seem they have any proof
Yes please, my daughter doesn't have funds to retain a lawyer or pay for consultation..she just started working
Forget the divorce. Focus on house sells lawyer doesn't give you the money
Can you guide me towards information on how to get divorce when the other person doesn't want to?
yes My daughter has a little boy in NY and doesn't want to have his supposed dad to have visitation but the judge never
We want her out if the house when her father leaves because he doesn't want her either. What can I do?
The order specifies visitation, however he doesnt see the kids for over a year.
but this doesn't provide the nessary forms I need to submitt to the court by mail?
I told my son to go and atleast visit him mom he said he doesnt want too.
he doesn't owe the state i checked wheres my payment and it says that he will recieve his stimulas payment in his bank account tomorrow
just becaue it comes at you fast doesnt mean upset
It doesn't give me another option. It doesn't allow me to go ti the next question.
looks like your site doesn't have the template anymore
It gives me things like legal aid spocioty who doesnt handle family law anymore.
Either because she doesn't so up or she doesn't provide the court any documents
cant just keep using a document if the person doesnt know and is doing the right things
the weirdest thing is that my brother doesnt come out on any of the inmate locator. Not even on there federal page
No it all looks confusing an it doesn't have a choice to pick for wat i asked for
Thank you !!for sure hoping he doesn't try takin it to that point . But will also read into that as well!!!
Doesn't it automatically terminate at coming  of age
I'm trying to find out the guidelines bc that doesn't seem right
But it doesn't ring though it just says all line busy
It was a stranger and I wasn't here, so that doesn't make sense.
He says he doesn't want to go to court but I'm afraid of he ever change his mind
I figured that. I don't know why the Supreme Court doesn't have any information online about County Clerk filing. It doesn't make sense
looks like I have to fill a petition for it to end and it doesn't just stop on its own.
ok I'lldo that in 2 minutes if it doesn't work
I'm in my consultation with Aisha Whitlock, who wants to file for enforcemnt of a visitation order, and she doesn't know the custodial parent's address
Can she be emancipated in this situation even if she doesn't live on her own.
I quickly Googled it and it doesn't look like NYS accepts it.
Yes my boyfriend hasn't seen his daughter. He doesn't pay child support . And the mother doesn't allow him to see her
so if it doesnt have to been the county where the marriage papers were signed than yes queens
My daughter stays in the streets and doesn't follow her therapy for depression also doesn't take her medications
The last link doesn't open it says not fiund
ok.  Ming doesn't know if they have an AOP.  Would she check iwth the hospital about that?
My lawyer did not give them the discovery. Says, they can ask for it, but doesn't mean they'll get it.
But he can still travel with his passport now if it doesn't need renewal
Her and my son doesn't get along to well either , its a huge mess
She just doesn't want fo allow visitation
Same problem that I had.  Apparently upstate doesn't matter.
He comes in the house whenever he wants .doesnt knock . Just unlocks the door . He even hung up his family portraits.
I read this but it doesn't answer if this gaurdianship allows me to receive the check on her behalf to put it in the trust
It does the same with the question on when my relationship began with the mother.. 1977.. It doesnt go back that far either
so the form doesnt need to be filed anywhere?
I don't know why he doesn't have a copy, but he doesn't.
And it doesnt matter that I havent been working in the US for 5 years?
although the page you sent doesn't work
Alright, thank you so very much doesn't express my gratitude.
my cousin's mother doesn't have a good relationship with her and wont cooperate and provide information and documents for federal student aid
I'm doing this for a pistol permit so sealing doesn't apply.
It doesn't say that if i don't know if it's mine or not i can file
NYLAG doesnt help with that I have a DV lawyer there helping me with divorce
It says opem on PDF but it doesn't allow me to
I am going through a support modification trial now that was adjourned. When I go back if she doesn't modify it can I appeal it?
so I hope her age doesn't take away from that
