Good Morning. Trying to look for information for someone that wants to become a citizen.
Good morning well the reason why I’m contacting you is because I Well obviously like to get some information
Yes good morning did my last text come through?
Good morning how can I get a copy of my child support order
Good morning I am trying to find out if their is way to get a copy of a coustody agreement from many years ago ?
Good morning, am trying to file for an emergency custody
Good Morning,  I would like to stop child support
Good Morning! I wanted to see if you had any recommendations or links regarding succession rights
Good morning, my question is, how can I remove my son from his father's insurance when it is court ordered and he lives in Arizona?
Good morning - I have a question regarding a main number for individuals to call to get their next court date (administratively adjourned due to COVID-19)
Good morning I just finished talking to somebody on here and I forgot to ask one more question
Good morning my name is terryann gordon..my address is 50 south high st. Mt vernon ny 10550
Good morning I’m currently 22 years of age and still in foster care
Good Morning! How do I begin the filing process for petition of Child Support?
good morning, i have a letter from the surrogate court about my late fathers house and i need a lawyer to explain it
Good morning. I’m interested in obtaining a separation agreement from my husband that details my rights in terms of a divorcee
Good morning! Since courts are closed. I was told to file a petition online. I can't find that.
Good morning, I am a case planner seeking assistance for my client.
Good morning, may I be connected with LIFT rep please?
Good morning. I'm looking for a lawyer to help my father add my brothers to his deed.
Good morning I’m looking for the form to put an petition for visitations .
Good Morning, I am 36 years old I live in Watertown NY witch is in the county of Jefferson
Good morning. I am trying find out my rights as a parent & my child's right for absences from school.
good morning please do you speak spanish
Good morning. I truly hope you all stay healthy and strong during our national crisis.
Good Morning, I received from the tribunal an findings of fact recommending warrant and commitment.
Good Morning, do you know what form I need to fill out to vacate a child support order?
Good morning I would like to ask some question
hello good morning I would like to know how I can give up the custody of my son
Good morning, I’m good thank you
Hi good morning I use to live in metropolitean Ave 10410
Good morning, I am trying to find out how I can do a downward modification to stop my child support order?
Good Morning, thank you for taking your time for my questions. I really appreciate it.
Good Morning, I hope everything is well with you today.
Good morning, I have a Holdover case in court tomorrow and I cannot afford a retainer.
good morning i have a question inwould like to stop the childsupport on my childrens father, how can I go about that ?
Good morning I would like assistance in child support for my child
Good morning, i would like to know how i can apply for child support
good morning i live in public housing my daughter is a college student on a scholarship.  s
Good morning. I was wondering what is the procedure to file Objections to the decision of the Child Support Magistrate these days during pandemic.
Good morning I wanted to know how could I find out whose the power of attorney of an decease person
Good morning. I'm looking for a lawyer who can give me advice on my current custody situation
Good morning. I am a self represented respondent in a Child Support case in Queens Family Court.
Hi good morning how can I go about putting in a petition for adoption
Hello good morning. My name is Latisha.
Good Morning I am looking for help and info in regards to mediation for visitation
Good Morning, i'm looking for a few lawyer. Are there any groups listed that represent you for free regardless of your income?
Good Morning, thanks for your time and help.
good morning. I need help finding a lawyer just to ask questions about paternity issues.
Good morning i would like to know how to file for an order of affiliation
Good morning. I was wondering where I can find information on  what kind of language assistance a government agency must provide.
Good morning I’m getting garnish $112 from my paycheck and I don’t know what organization it is from
Good morning, just checking out this service to see what's available
Good morning, I’m looking to get full custody of my son how should I go about it ?
Hi good morning I have a question regarding in country spousal sponsorship and out of country sponsorship
Good morning my name is Frank Garofolo
Good morning so I have a few questions about a few things regarding family court
I was outed in a morning meeting about watching gay porn
Good morning I need help with a child support order
Good morning, I have a desk appearance ticket on 10/27/2020 and I was wondering how can I set it up virtually yet
Good Morning, am currently seeking a lawyer
Good morning im from NYC but I no longer live in NYC but my ex do. I'm trying to get a divorce from him
Good morning I was just wondering how I can get a copy of a support order
Hello, Good morning. I've got a notice of electronic filing against me in the mail and I am not sure what to do now.
Good morning I’m trying to find out if family court is open to file visitation
Good morning and thank you for taking your time.
Good morning. I was wondering how I could go about to get a divorce
Good Morning, I wanted to know how do I apply for full custody?
Hello and good morning, I would like a
Hi good morning im trying to find out how can i open a new child support case
Good morning  am trying to find out how I get the application for the help to pay my rent
Good morning. My name is Joan Shaw
good morning, I have a housing issue I'm hoping you can help me with
Good morning i wanted to know what all i need to take to court to petition for temporary custody
Good Morning I'm trying to find out if I can file for full custody of my children
Good morning Michael, I have growing concerns about my children’s health and the lack of care while with there non custodial parent
Hello Good Morning, I want to know if the courts are open to file a petition.
good morning - my ex-wife and i were married in NY in 2000. We are currently living overseas in Israel and were divorced legally here.
Good Morning! where can I get a form for spousal support only?
Good morning, my name is Ines Gonzalez. I have a question on child support
Good morning  I am looking for clarification on " emancipation "
Good morning, my son just got served with child support papers for a child he did not know he had
Good morning, how much time do I have to file a claim regarding a foreclosure sale of my home but never received my money
Good morning. I am looking into the procedure for getting another copy of my child support order.
Good morning,  my name is Bree Diaz and I am wanting to get visitation time with my granddaughter.
Good morning I had question about divorce papers
Good morning! I need information about renovations employment authorization. I have asylum and is my first time to renovation
good morning, can I please get information how to apply for child support in NYC
Hi good morning, I need help with an illegal eviction. The landlord is threatening me to evict me today
Good morning how do I go about stop paying child support
Good morning, i wanted to know how to file for full custody of my son
Good morning, I need the custody form  on pdf
Good morning. I was just in exchanging chats with Allison when I lost connection
The judge the last time said the father could take the kids from Saturday morning until Sunday morning
Good morning, I have questions around my divorce DIY process, as a defendant.
Good Morning Jane my name is Joe
Good morning I need help with a court case against me from a debit collector
Good morning. In regards to starting a case for visitation/custody does the court decide on dates based on a petitioners availability?
good morning, information on applying for child support in NYC
good morning. I am looking for information on sueing my abuser
Good morning, do you know how I would upload a petition for custody/visitation?
Good morning I’m reaching out trying to report a debt collector. I don’t know where to do this
Hi good morning I was wondering where I can get a form so I can get emancipated
Good morning I know Brooklyn family courts are not open I want to file petition for visitation
Good morning, I am a case planner seeking assistance for my client
Good morning, is family court open to file a emergency custody petition?
Good Morning- Jacquelyn problem filing. Unemployment can't get thru - tried for 2 weeks already this will be 3rd
Good morning i need to get the lift petition web page for the emrgency  formplease can you provide me for me to get this done
Good morning my name is Harun Eberhart I live in smyrna de and I need a modification petition sent to me
Good morning, I'm want to know the steps to filing for child support
Good morning I asking help to reduce my support cause I’ve been laid off
Good Morning! Looking to find the forms I need to complete for a second parent adoption.
Good morning, my mom was struck down by a sled in the park and broken her bones
Morning, I need information where I need to filled out a petition for child support?
Good morning I would like to assistant finding a lawyer for a debt collector that sent me a summons
Good morning, is Brooklyn family court open?
Good morning.  I am looking for a lawyer.  My landlord sent an eviction notice.
Good morning, I'm trying to find out where I can go to get emergency court petitions to visit and or get custody of my grandchildren
Good Morning, I had a question on how would I find the application process for adoption.
Good morning.  I'm in dire need for help with a forclosure
good morning I pay child support and I need help
Yes Good morning I would like to inquire if there’s a temporary legal guardianship form committing only for 5 years
Good morning I will like to obtain a GF-17
Good morning  i have a question and i hope you can help me
Hello Good morning. I need help
Good morning Nataliya, What form can I fill out For getting full custody of my child?
Good morning im trying to file for visitation for my grandson
Good Morning I would like to down load forms for a modification I can i do that?
hello good morning I need someone who speaks Spanish
Good morning, I was wondering how I could get information on monies leftover from a foreclosure auction? To see if and what is there.
Good morning, if I need more time for court. What can I do ?
Good Morning, I have questions on the steps of an adult adoption
Good Morning,  I want to know if the courts are providing free notary services during covid
good morning. I need to file for divorce, but can not afford a lawyer how can I get help
Good Morning,  I was writing because I have a question regarding relocation
Good morning, I was terminated from a job 5/29/2020 and still have yet to get paid for the last week I worked.
good morning Sandra, my name is Shanny
Good morning i help on paying my rent My name is Takeya Neal
Good morning. How can I start the order of filiation?
Good morning I am looking for help with my lease for my small business cannot afford to pay the rent can someone help me
Good morning. I am having problems getting my children from their father as per an active Court Order.
Good morning i need somebody speak spanish
Good morning. Wanted to confirm that my home which was set for auction tomorrow the 24th was taken off the calendar my index number 502138/2017
Good Morning, what constitutes parental kidnapping?
good morning I would like to inquire about an issue I have with visitation.
Good morning wanted to know if it is possible to file a petition for visitation online
