The problem is that this matter has to be addressed immediately. Otherwise he will sell my things.
I am looking to file for visitation once things with the Corona virus subside
the whole thing started because the landlord is texting me " I cant pay my bills, I need that 5,000 now"
the wrong thing i did was i signed in the hospital because she told me it was my kid
Its really different things that happen that has sort of made work uncomfortable. Its different things that led to other situations.
i know everyone says same thing at last
oops - not naming my lawyer AS the executor of my folks estate as an only child - really messed things up
Her father filed the petition.  One am I responsible for providing clothing and other things for her while she is with him
The only thing your able to help with is finding a lawyer right? According to the thing I had to say yes to?
I want to do everything legally because she is capable of accusing me of false things since there is no reconciliation
I am just trying to do the right thing,  but bureaucracy and current circumstances with the Covid virus make matters extremely difficult.
such as whether my finances will be affected in any way or things I own
The thing is I already paid one I have been living here for decades
But im giving her cash and buying him things:
Thank you I did just that . I appreciate your time and help . I will check back if I run I to any thing else .
Things keep getting worse, he already vandalized my apartment door and today he threw me a can and hit one of my dogs.
I would like to find someone to better help me understand what some things mean
is there any thing he can do  ?  since he gave his rights away
Yes calling me names like bitch and telling me things like I'm going to suck men dick etc. And other things
I contacted a mediator so seee if we can work things out out of court. Whats the number
none of the things listed above are specifically for disabled/autistics.   drny won't help individuals
Apparently we do not have a support thing in place, it is only in our divorce agreement
I  gave rent for April and may ..because I needed time to get some personal things out
Needs help with bathing and daily thing
The only thing i need help with is how to file for guardianship when the courthouses are closed
Hello Emily. Is there a such thing as abandonment in NY?
and thing have escalated from there his called cops 6 different occasions among other hostile acts
He said he won’t contest it but you know things can always change.
I know this whole thing is a hoax for federal funding
One more thing  I’m immigrant  in this country
This has been an on going thing and I’m so tired but I need help
Her husband is paranoid and delusional and accusing her of all kinds of things. The custody is contested.
That would be great to have. I need resources that can help me navigate this confusing custody thing
what if that person was staying behind when they knew to leave and do there thing
and I know with Covid, things could be different.
this person is using my picture name and posting things about me making false accusation
Well i got multiple things going on
if i call them, they might send adult protective services. could make things worse
I want to clarify what I'm doing is the right thing
There is already custody in place, it's now an issue of one parent saying horrific things
this court county thing is really confusing and don't
any other things for me to keep in mind, in your opinion, based on the context I gave you?
They are saying all kinds of wrong things about me and saying all this stuff to make me look bad
Well the city says one thing state says another I'm paying triple people I believe
my lawyer dropped the ball with very important things that lead to the appeal not being granted
I have experienced things that I wouldn't wish for my worst enemy
One last thing can I file for visitation online?
I tried another browser (Chrome) already also, same thing.
it also says I hav ten days to cure such thing, but it doesn;t say how
If you read the way they write things, you'll quickly see they probably can't tie their own shoes.
i have researched these things for several decades as a hobby
He says that im refusing work the position they are trying to give needs more experience and certification in a bunch of different things
Let me tackle one thing ata time
cops have been called when things got out of hand
That’s another thing I have no idea how long does that take
which makes things a bit trickier to sue
do both these things apply if the person filing is living out of state?
Sure one more thing I needed to ask you about
spouse dragging their feet and trying to control things
so once the petition is done that will force her to oblige by things
The only thing is can I use a different address to mail because he has the mailbox key
i read the same thing, but how do I go from “may be able’ to yes
Is it one big thing or difrent offices
I need help with 2 things 1st thing is possibel discrimination at work
i have went the program before things are getting worse
I know with covid things may be different but I never received anything
Yes and all I have been doing is crying and trying to make things work
Only thing I was trying to do is get the form so I could file my petition
Can you explain the poverty level thing for eligibility?
2 things, I need to put on there the exact amount I will be giving my ex from my pension and
'but my daugher would like to move out before things get worse
Saying i’m a fire hazard b/c i have too much stuff in my at. Amongst other things that aren’t true
Thank  I thing I need to be alive to protest, my Mother from perpetrator
i think im going to the courthouse first thing in the morning
I thought Child Support and Custody are 2 different things... is that right?
Would they take  the whole thing to reimburse government help 🤔  in ny
could I schedule a call to better explain things
One thing, do I have to be a lawyer to file or can I file an intent as a notary?
I try to do it i dont know if im do the right thing
I know about lift so much you can do as far as lift because courts are closed limited to dlong certain things
Alright, thank you. It was filed jsur few weeks ago, so even if I can appeal it? To have things modified
We have tried. She is now putting things in my sons head.  I'd rather not go through this again and go to court again.
Thank you so much, I'm grateful for your help, things are getting dire
i have disabilites that  do not allow me to do things on the courts schdulde
okay im going to check the things you gave me,and if i need more help i can contact you here?
they said you can not shutt the sewer off.you could still dump some thing down the drain.
i contacted 3 companies all said the same thing
yes, her father has her. I had no say onto it which was really horrible thing to experience
I realize this is very specific information, but hoping getting help looking things up might work.
Thank you for the reminder.  I may call that line first thing in the morning before going to family court.
Okay thank you again and just to ask that's the only thing I could do to get the payment lowered for now
This is the only thing preventing the person from going home
Perhaps online, if things don't go back to normal
I’m sorry to bother I’m just trying to figure things out
he was upset about the rent, but now he’s saying the niece thing
does other things like buying clothes and other stuff count as CS?
My lawyer has done nothing but get things worse for this situation
he also buys things for the kids and then charges me for it
I am going to do that first thing in the morning. Thank you for all of your help
ok so I’m trying to find out a few things
Thank you I'm in desperate need of any helpful information last thing I really want to do is put myself on child support
Ok he has been taking drugs and has broken things in the house I need him out asap
I’m wondering if there is an outside source that can help move things along.
I am looking into a few things and don't know what to do at his point
But it was a good conversation. No threats, no strange things
We are stuck inside due to the quarantine/shelter in place thing.
I have been having emotional problems but I believe I am strong enough not to commit suicide or any self hurting thing
That’s why I’m asking to see how things are functioning now
Another filing? I don’t want child support anymore. The thing is we already had hearings. Next is in April.
I don’t want to say the wrong thing or jeopardize my housing
I contacted them this morning and they told me about this EDDS thing
but I dont know where to file it online now that things are all online
and I don’t know the first thing to start or how to go about it anyway
Representing my self , very new to the whole thing
This whole thing is illegal due to the governor saying no one is to move til 1/21 and I am in a government program
since yesterday (day 2 of this thing) i am being told i have to go back to the office
this hole thing has been exusting and just don't need any more humps in the road
hardest thing I’ve ever done
That’s was the main thing is there any chance how can I do an emergency visitation set up in family court?
Very appreciated.. I know this isn’t an easy thing and very hard to find anyone to help..
Does the same thing gives the page about 2 seconds then flips back to you
Thank You very much from the bottom of my heart for helping me......    One last thing how can I get a new lawyer?
Also besides running things are being thrown down.
I tried to avoid this method however, since I have decided to move on he makes things harder and harder.
Can I file a custody petition online since this whole Coronavirus thing going on
Okay, one more thing. How many days do I have to send out the letter?
I’m in the shelter and the case managers and security comes in my unit steals and breaks my things
Things are a mess and I can't take it anymore
these things are all making my conditions horribly worse idk what to do sir/mame
and is there a such thing as malicious mother treatment when dealing with custodial and support?
How this dead beat father get away with things
our American Civil War was fought over these things
she is arguing that i need to pay many things in the house
I don't want my son to go to foster care. But there are thing's that are inappropriate
how can I find out if I can go to court with this entire covid-19 thing going on this is so stupid
Do I need a expediter to get things going faster ?
I have lots of pictures cameras date them that's a good thing
I am looking for help in regards to judgments and things like that
The other thing is that I am a diabetic and high risk covid-19 and afraid to go to the courthouse.
Lol kinda of knew that I just don’t want to go through the custody thing we already have our agreements
Yes one more thing though if thats ok
It says book mark this tab, thats the only thing I see
Ok custody isn't the issue maybe it is I thought it was a coparent thing
It is but things were worse with my son's father so i'm ok this time around thank God lol
Yes, and get use the online DIy thing because neither party is a mother or father
It all boils down to very unsafe things I could never have going on purchaseing
In an emergency situation and not being able to get any sort of help or assistance has got to be the most frustrating thing.
