but then what happens ? He goes to jail ? Or he pays bail ?
If i only got a 14 day what happens next
my uncle died and ever since wierd things have been happening I think I might have some right to will
when im clicking the wesites you sent me nothing happens
If these mistakes happened in June and July, and now I've been issued a debt request, I worry it's too late
do I need to go to court  to notify what is happening to me anyway?
I have an court agreement with My daughters mother . She has violated several times. What can happen?
Okay so when I fill it out and submit it what happens next
This thing happened in NJ City, can I find ny's lawyer? 、
jackson height that where happen and i got booked in kew garden queens
of those organizations that you gave me earlier, do you happen to have one in Ontario County?
O wouldike to put in information like what's happening here  to the news article that appeared a few daysagod
2.  How do you handle the investigation when the complaintant cant remember the date it supposedly happened?
I’m 2015 I had a graduation party and something happen and now someone is claiming that they was injured on my property
Yes , Before  the situation happened they resided with me in Brooklyn NY
His children are scare of not seeing their dad n something might happen
Okay. Thank you. How do I get a law guardian assigned to him or will that happen after we file for the modification?
Yes.What happens in n.y. when a will is drafted outside the state, Texas. Signed in 1993?
This has happened at least 4 times in 6-7 months
I need to know what will happen to the child support
If a court hearing already happened and he missed it what should he do
okay great this is very helpful so will start with this and see what happens
Yes that exactly wht happen 2 different father's
There is no check to garnish. Do we need our lawyers invovement to make any of this happen?
I am planning divorce but I am just worried about what would happen to my baby he gets into my husband’s hands
yes. What happens if there are two possible fathers?
Hi there - is there any assistance happening for freelancers in NYC?
I live in CA. I have a business. I borrowed money from a company in NY. Covid19 happened.
what’s happens if I sue someone for giving me hsv?
not at this time I will make a few phone calls and see what happens.
Thank you  Would you happen to know their hours of operation
But will this happen automatically when trying to establish paternity?
L new to the town and I was parking to walk home and this happened
She said she would put him back on as if it never happened and I don't believe  Believe you can do that
And can I still request get an investigation to see why this was happening
Can actual virtual person help me file HP today before something happens to me?
Ok and if so what happens if one doesn't receive said papers
I would like any information you have on what can  happen if I get caught having sex with men for money
when an estate goes into foreclosure and one of the heirs disagrees with the other two heirs wanting to buy it. what would happen next
If a general manager meets with you and tells you you're getting a salary raise but it never happens is that legal or illegal?
I am 33 and this happen when I was around 15 or 16. So nothing  the police can help me with
Do you happen to know if i need parents permission to be emancipated?
During a case where someone filed for violating the order, what typically happens?
What will happen on that date? If someone lives in that house
What s the worse that could happened when a debt collector send u to court
is there away to access court decisions and what happen
The arrangement is supposed to happen today, if I could have the video link, or the call in number, so I could listen.
is there a general rule for what happens with a newborn child when mom wants as much custody as possible?
Thank you, would you happen to know if these are free?
my name is Nicole, I need help on an issue that happened a little over a week
no. It happened in front of my home. I am not covered by insurance at this time.
Would you happen to know if Queens Family Court has been authorized to receive such applications via EDDS?
im going to exit and lets see what happens when you try to initiate the chat
I went to the court and spoke with the clerk. There are several others that this happened to that year
am I wrong what if these things didnt happen as said?
This happened in the Jan - March time frame.
thanks, I see Her justice, would u happen to have any that specialize in helping men?
got it. last question, what happens if i temporarily leave NYC due to the cost of living? do i need to transfer my benefits?
Yes. During that court appointment for an enforcement petition what typically happens? What are things to judge will order?
i don't want to waste a lot of time, so should i file to both courts and see what happens?
Thank you, would u happen to have 1 or 2 more
Im from Chicago but an domestic incident happened with my husband
What happens if a parent is not paying their share of afterschool?
We were expecting to be on the April docket, but obviously that won't happen now.
I don’t know what happened. The system told me to restart
AND SAY MY INJURIES HAPPENED NOW BECAUSE THE SSA EMPLOYEES ARE INVOLVED WITH THIS FABRICATION AND FRAUDS
I mean on one hand it may not happen because I found out he has a history already
Recently it happened this past Saturday and again on Monday
In a minute or two I'll probably need to step away for a minute or two - a delivery. Can you stand by if/when that happens?
One last question and it is a technical one: default custody/judgment happens when...?
I'm looking to find details on a foreclosure auction that happened  on 9/25/2018; index no.  Qn 2016 / 705216
Sorry I didnt expect for this to happen this morning .
Ok thanks I am trying to find out when this happened
Thank you so much this can happen to any one even you if you have an iphone
Correct that’s what I am seeing but what happens if the landlord does it anyway?
I just need to know whats happening with my case
YES,  AND SHE SAID SINCE THIS HAS HAPPEN  MORE THAN ONCE I HAVE TO PAID THIS ADDITIONAL FEE.
VERY SHADY THINGS ARE HAPPENING AND I HAVE ALL MY COMMUNICATIONS LOGGED
there definitely isn't a change in circumstances. what would happen if my husband quit his job to be able to provide childcare for his daughter?
thank you. i don't need modifications, just need building to be properly maintained.  what happens if the landlord doesn't do that and serious injury results?
Yes should something happen to me. I would like my mother to have custody of my daughter.
the incident happened in another zip code
Yes I need hearing to happen asap how can I go about that
Me too,  but that's how it is when you happen to have a RS apt that the Owner wants.   They have always been this way.
I done went to court it happen in 2011
Ok, Would there happen to be more information focused on child age 18 or older
is there anything that could actually happen because my neighbor is lying
Mo my son lives with me and if something happens to be he wants to be with hos godmother
Would you happen to know who to call to see if he's been disbarred or retired?
Ok I will contact them and hopefully them help. Would you happen to know when the courts may open?
I forgot the name but what happens when a parent files for enforcement of the order?
I have a question what i have to do because Iam planning to quit my job next year what happen with my child support.
How would that happen? do i have to request it or the New state does it
I understand that monetary recourse may not happen
do you happen to know what kind of stuff I need to be able to stop the visitation?
It happens but I want to ensure she is always safe,  healthy & in responsible care is all
No problem. I’m trying to move on with my life and just act like this mistake never happened
What happens if they can't prove paternity, do guys have any legal protections?
last question what can happen at the end of all this, i dont want or need anything petty to go on my record
we are married and I quit my job at his request and we planned to have a baby and now this is happening
Police have been notified many times and said something would happen but they never followed through and did anything
and but is not thru, thats never happen and is something Ill never do
Was suppose to me this past monday but cause cov19 it didnt happen and they have reschedule it
My sons father and I have our own agreements. We just need something in writing in case anything happens to us.
The harassment happens during times of court or  pickups  due to physically having to be around. The person is safe now.
Something major that  happened when I was a child was I was baptized at a older age then most.
Management claims that they didn't know anything but I know that the Maintenance sends pictures each time it happens
okay but would you happen to know the specific form that need to be file.
What happens when someone doesn’t leave anyone on the lease after die
Ok.  Also, would you happen to know if any resources for a month-to- month lease holdover case for eviction?
I believe there has to be fbi I called. april 30 2015 an fbi was there 5/2/2015 this crime that happen in nyc
This happened 10/21/19. I have video evidence of the attack
No amount for support has been determined yet, would modification happen after she goes before judge
and what happens if during this wait period, the other parent submits a petition too
his..the donors ...living  situation is unknown and his family's home is not where a child should be.  What happens if he asks for visitation
Yes. Would you happen to know who I could contact to ask for advice on a specific situation with a landlord?
I signed up in another location that happens to be to take about 2 weeks for orientation.
is there anything special suppoert happening due to the virus?
im going to try and see what happens
Not professional at all even with me contacting her about the physical damages that’s what happened to my face
ok....so it wouldnt happen right away
i was just appointed guardian of an AIP. what happens next?
i have dealt with authority the director, security and nothing has been done.  I am afraid something will happen to me
What would happen in that case? Would the police take her home?
Yes, it happened in nJ city and I wanted to prosecute the perpetrators of the beating of my father.
just wanted some advice on some problems that have been happening with my landlord in a private house
Oh okay the person only wrote a statement about what happened
Ok and she told me to out the changes that happened and stuff on paper
if the court has the hearing without him what wil happen
No trying to keep visiting from not happening because of a toxic grandmother
This address situation has happened 2 different times
These hotlines are open on a holiday. Which happens to be my other issue
I tried to go to that sue but nothing happened
would you happen to know the status of a scheduled foreclosure sale that was supposed to be held on March 9th 2020?
As an Englishman what would happen if I got caught speeding in nyc
I am worried bc they said he did it but I didn’t sign anything and I don’t remember it happening
