Good, both of us are in the Bronx. Would I be assigned a lawyer?
..where a U.S. Government Agency is a removing party under ..
Then we are going to see a pastor who help us to do the final meditation
We had problems with mices and all he did was give us traps but that was not jelpib
My husband is a US citizen and he wants to sponsor me
Can you help us find a lawyer to not only sue them but to bring criminal charges against them
Can they legally force us to use the online platform of their choice? Regardless of cyber security issues?
I found some lawyers based here who specialize in US immigration law but they seem very expensive
They are taking us to court on the 10 th I applied online for legal help
my landlady called us the other night wanting us out by the end of the month.
I was curious whether a lawyer could help me file some application for a Visa that doesn't require a sponsorship from a US based company
the two of us decided on it outside of court
Thanks.  I’ll call the met council on housing now.  Wish us luck; may it be resolved before spring.
We are not legally separated but divorce has been filed, and the court has recognized us being separated
CPS informed us that we ,his siblings, try to file for either temporary custody, or gaurdianship
even tho I have a case in the US as a non citizen
The landlord gave us an illegal 14 day eviction but has yet to send us a  Certified by mail copy
Will the judge tell us what kind of testing is needed
The only reason why i signed the temp order waa because he swore it would be all of us
How he behaves towards all 3 of us, not a stay away
Thank you for the info.  Would it be prudent on our part to secure a lawyer to help us?  We are in North Carolina.
Father did move to PA in 2018 with us.
Yesterday i found out he married someone else in the US..
i have filed a non voluntary petition against a US based corporation representing 3 creditors all non individuals from abroad.
but one emergency would bankrupt us. and the mom isn't responsible for anything.
I guess not. I’m just being moved along to someone else who won’t help us. Thanks anyway
totally that is why it's hard to figure out who should represent us
do you know where i can find a new lawyerbecause my brother social worker gave us your link
Will eviction cost my records and possibily make me eligible to fly back to US? (Since I am not a US citizen)
(besides the prepaid return envelope and the U.S. postal order)
I'm looking for information on how to file a commercial lawsuit against a customer of ours who owes us over $5,000
Do you know of any probing services available to us?
would help us with shelter in place
Might LawHelp.org be ablke to 'law help' us?
The mediator said he gives us a letter saying we met the two hour pose Divorce mediation requirement
And after she became a US Citizen, she wanted to divorce me
Well they held on to it and they said they was going to give it to us but took
And if so, do both of us need to be present at the court to file it
i am not really familiar with US law but I have a cs hearing in the US while I am outside the country
and is it possible for us to get a lawyer to help and represent us in New Jersey
I need to know if there's some kind of program out there for us
none of us live in Pennsylvania over 10 years
She told us she will never stop  harassing us
so anything you suggest, as aps, gal the legal aide, etc fails us.
I was saying I am not familiar with US law on cs and federal documents
Where I guess she tells the Court it is okay to release the Court Order to us.
Someone to help us understand our rights, paperwork and options. As well as representation in court on 3/25
(2018 was the only time I entered the us with ESTA)
Would I be responsible for any debt from my ex prior to us being married?
I obliged and found a guarantor (who is also not a US citizen), but my guarantor still said my application was denied.
every person in their house had COVID in March and no one would help us
We flew from ny to kansas the guardian keeps wabting absurd amouts of money for us to see or facetime them and this MUST stop
ok I will do everything it takes to win we have been frauded by a dishonest landlord atty who refused us receipts in the Holdover
CPS basically told us that since his father has been in jail not to bother .
And custody i guess, because from what i understand neither one of us have custody until the court establishes it?
i wish we were able to give location cause you could find a lawyer near us
I know. Me and my fiance have tried to tell them to leave but they have threatened us with lawsuits.
But my worker wants to quickly terminate us from the system
We just got seaced from work due to the Coronavirus. Our landlord is asking us to vacate. What can we do?
I was hoping you could assist  us in finding out when or how we can set 1
we tried but the dont seem to help us one person tells us one thing and another person something else
We would appreciate any information or help you can give us
I have join custody with my husband and I would like to travel outside US with my daughter
wonder if you could help me with source to find out about any COVID-19 related cases like us
Ok, but then I can't get support if the father lives with us
My three daughters and I are currently in a hotel. I was told safe homes would be able to help us.
He have acquired Us citizenship through his father but still live in Jamaica
they do send us 1099 for our two month deposit though I just can't locate but the they know they have it
I need my custody certicate to claim the savings bonds in the u.s. treasury.
If i came to the US as a child and my mother is a citizenship can I apply for a US passport?
Can you help us get into an emergency hotel tonight? Out here in Rockaway Queens?
someone to help us take the contractor to court
He also has stolen our rent not paid landlady , overcharged us and is now stealing items such as food etc
do you think the US that issues federal docs will be able to assist me if I just give them baby's names and birth cert ?
Ok and what do I do with the private agreement upon us both parents with my child’s living arrangement?
I wish you knew where I could get a Discharge Upgrade lawyer for my US Navy discharge.
No. They are with there gma right now and they want to do kinship instead of us getting them back
I’m in the us With a conditional resident card based on marriage
Thank you so much for assisting us, do they also serve us here on Long Island?
THEY SAID "WE CAN NOT INVESTIGATE 3 MILLION DOLLARS DEFAULT JUDGMENT THEFT BECAUSE THE COURT IS HIGHER THAN US"
US district court southern district of NY so where they go
I could come back the 13 March just the same day they closed entrance to the us
Looking for a divorce.  One child between us.  Husband is in state prison.
so we are off the federal registry. no one can help us without a number
That would be awesome if you could help me find someone that could possibly help us.
And it’s causing us to being put out of our apartment
I am a US Navy veteran currently overseas and I need a probono lawyer for a discrimination case
i was outside the US working for a NY based company that paid suta tax for me and gave me a w2
Yes and if my daughter is there with him. Can any of us get into trouble
I’ve got an email from the unemployment saying that I shouldn’t have applied  from outside of US.
i need to contact a lawyer because new home owner wants to evict us in two days and my family has no where to go
So it was too late for us to go else where our backs were aginst the wall.
I am undocumented in the us i have 2children whom was born in the us
so they permanently put us to work from home
Tree could have killed us if went the other way in home
My spouse is a US citizen, is my sponsor, I am a resident. I was curious about what my healthcare options are.
Well me and the mother had a dispute that had us in court. That turned into me having a stay away order.
so kind of two issues, discrimmination and doing other things to us..
Ideally we would like to be in contact with someone who can give us legal options.
bit the landlord doesn’t like me because she tried to overcharge us for rent but we fought back
We are looking for an attorney to help us regarding POA
I'm in the us she's living in Israel
Definitely! and forced us to pay for interpreting!
no the judge told us to agree between us and it hasn’t been working
yes,  and then the complaint arrived via U.S. mail only.  says service attempted but we don't believe it.  and nothing was taped to our door.
Their wil be no way for me to come back to the us
He resides upstate but visits for business.  He wants us to leave but our house keep having renovation issues one after the next
Thanks, we are not interested. Will it affect us if she moves to Georgia before we get divorced?
No I just someone to contact to help us figure this out
I told the officer I felt threatened and my big son is 22 he threatened the both of us
Thank you so much Nicole, you are giving us hope :)
And his rights can’t be terminated on him not contacting us since last February?
I still have 1 child under 21 yrs old,and my husband abandoned us 2 yrs ago.and did not help me. We are not divorce yet.
with that being said, my mother did not have a will but has funds that need to be dispersed amongst the 4 of us
need a court order specifically permitting the applying for my daughters U.S passport t
For eviction law, does it only apply to NYC or across the US?
The landlord has recieved two letters from us indicating tenants above us moving furniture at 3:30 in the morning  till 11:30 at night.
Okay. Do we have to figure out visitation now? Can we just figure that out between us?
and wait for interview at us embassy at Egypt
So he came to the US awhile back he has been here for about 15 years or more
Im a us citizen and i would like hire a foreign worker from turkey to work for me how can i sponsor them?
They told us they are working too many hours to pay the bill.
Not at this time. I will call them and see if they can help us get a lawyer
I just want structure for my son so he is able to see us both equally and rationally
Knowing that I am not a US citizen and my son does . Will this affect my qualification to have legal custody ?
But now she is telling us he hurts her screams at her she’s always in trouble
Now he is holding our deposit instead of mailing it when it comes and letting us pay it at that time
I’ve tried everyone. No one will help us
if she was to give us a letter in writing saying she was ending our tenancy, do we have 60 or 90 days?
The credit card will not work with us because they have a law firm suing us.
What kind of documents I need to file a petition for my spouse to come to the US?
Can I file uncontested if there is no custody agreement like if he has abandoned us
Can a us citizen hire a foreign person from  turkey ? What is the process
US District attorney in the Northern jurisdiction of the US Supreme Court
My landlord gave us a chance and waited for this application to be approved but it got denied and he is having us evicted
My bosses mandated us to return to the office biweekly so that they could rotate the staff with a half and half approach
we believe they have a agenda against us because we filed numerous complaints on staff at the facility  in the past
tat the company is restructuring and she will be laid off please call us when back and we will try looking for a nother assignment
I am looking for a lawyer to help us with a section 8 issue we are having
i arrived to US since a year and half
It would be just us three and go to different place
i tried to claim it from the us island then it blocked me saying I’m out of the country
how could a person become legal in the us if they pass there time
FYI, he is a US citizen with permanent residence in the US
She's always yelling at us about rent in front of her 8yr old child
I was wondering if he can try to take my child,, though he is in the wrong and threatened us
He is a 17 years old and I would like to grant him a us passport through me as Iam a us citizen
And after we been here they trying now to terminate us after 4 yrs
I i think both she's staying apparently on the premises until she has what she wants and won't stop messaging us
He sent us some photos as evidence but the truth is my roommate continued cleaning these things after he took these photos...
He is from Louisiana and he lives in Louisiana. Do you know if a site that can help us if this one cant
he didnt care how they felt or if they were hungry or needed clothes or emotional help after he left us
Thay have denied us for placement in an Appropriate setting
Isfsu has provided us with name but number is not connecting
The Mortgage was found to be fraudulent in 2015 by the US Federal Agency.
so they evicted us and would not take money
The doctor  discriminatied us. He refused to provide the American Sign LAnguage interpreter service. We are deaf. Dr. forced to pay for ASL interpreter.
This is a writ of certiorari that I wrote to the U.S. Supreme Court -- the long version and the short version.
Yeah it’s not good and I think I know why they aren’t helping us
I am actually trying to apply for Italian citizenship, I am already a US citizen. That is why I need the marriage certificate.
Thank you so much. this gives us a place to start.
is the bar legal hotline able to help companies like us or is it just for personal case?
we don’t know where to go and who can help us
And help us get cash assistance?
I have a voucher for cityfheps. I owe back rent but the lanlord owes us so many repairs
I would like information about getting residency for the parent of a minor US citizen who is currently in the US on a B2 visa
they purposely mislead us to believe that this house was up to par like updated and NOTHING in this place has been updated
I would like to apply for a Visa for the US
MUCH FEAR  ALL OF US THANK U
iam us citizen can i bring my wife from morroco to us
this is all very recent since the day after easter is when he left us
this us a ‘in the bubble or not’ community
i also know the name of the person who could father the child as she was with the both of us when she got pregnant
the police said we cant investigate default judgments thefts because the court is higher than us.
My son is officially emancipated, as he is serving in the US Marines at Parris Island, SC.  How can I stop paying the support order>?
thank you so much so we only need lawyer to help us draft or write out the form or to I tutored our divorce agreement?
Yes but the person address we used wont help us and that is what PATH is asking for
Our landlord or maintenance guy is trying to evict us for a list of things that we didn’t do
