I am looking for 2 reasons custody amd civil
I have went through mediation but it's not needed because we are civil and have a mutual agreement
Well, it is a divorce case and on my paperwork it says civil court
She says she works for "Bronx Civil Services"
Civil matter litigation in the New York case court and I need low pay attorneys or free legal advise.
we received a paper from the civil court! notifying us that we have the option to e-file
I had the police over and as I said they told me it was a civil matter
I am looking for documents and information on taking someone to civil city court as it's for 6K
What the name of the court in NY for civil case in court.
When will the courts begin accepting new civil cases that are deemed non essential
Do you have volunteer lawyer  assisting me in civil law case here.  Can I get contact number.
are you familiar with the civil case Golden Eagle Leasing/Northern Leasing being sued by the Atty General Letitia James?
I paid the index number. also for a civil press service investigation, the lawyer i had steel
sure i believe it is a civil rights lawyer
that’s a divorce case, so I would say civil
the police said we need to go to civil court
I'm trying to get some court documents on a civil case from 2009
I need a lawyer for a civil rights Case with Airbnb
How can I get document to file Civil Law Suit;against defendant for failure
Hi, I am looking for free lawyer that will help me with my civil court case
I won a civil rights lawsuit against nys for an assault while in prison, my victims are  sueing for part of the settlement
i already tried filing with the department of labor for a discrimination case.  they told me it was a civil suit, not employer related
no one picks up any phones in the civil court
I'm trying to sue the parties myself in civil court
Hi, what kind of information can you give me on Civil Law? This pertains to my case.
I am looking civil law layer speaking polish and are you able to help me to in this cas?
I have a civil court housing trial scheduled for june !st.
are consumer credit transaction civil cases on hold?  is the civil court of NYC opened?
would you have a specific phone contact for the Civil Courts in Queens?
I dont think they handle civil court cases, I believe I tried them already
civil matter, someone is suing me. There is an open case against him because he assaulted me but i need information on the civil matter
I live in Buffalo, but have a civil case in NYC
I'm looking for a civil rights attorney in Erie County , NY.
I would like to seek help regarding a civil case
Do I address this in family court or file a civil suit to get him to make payments?
Looking to find good lawyer for civil suit
I am calling LSNY and others but it seems most of them only do civil cases
not sure exactly - I may need to seek temnporay injunctive relief/restraining order in a civil matter/relating to non criminal conduct
Referral service has no attorneys who defend civil cases.
I don’t think the Hudson Valley justice center has civil rights leaders. Can you confirm that they do?
I've been told they need lawyer who has experience with civil penalties under administrative law, which is very different that regular civil or criminal court
the downtown Manhattan civil court, Lafayette st...
I'm having civil case issues involving defamation.
I'm in bankrupcy cannot afford an attorney at this time i would like someone to represent me in a civil matter .
Hello - I wanted to understand what a ‘civil action for possession’ means.
Does Richmond civil court clerk office open next Wednesday I couldn't get clear information about that online
does a civil suit only deal with financial matters? im not interested in monetary gain, but
i have to go to civil court figure out how to pay is 5000
I like to know about civil court case
I'm trying to file a civil suit
My landlord is trying to sue me in civil court for rent
I received a letter with a civil case against my landlord
no my ex is keeping my dog I am on his certification but won't give me the dog it's a civil matter
I need help with the civil case I’m being sued
I can’t Afford a lawyer for civil case
Do these agency represent coop shareholders I civil court. Because it was my understanding they did not
Can I be sued in civil court for insurance claim money
I believe I have the owners name can I bring a civil case on that person?
hello...I am contacting to get informational support regarding a civil matter.
I live in Louisiana and i need help with a civil suit my son was murdered may 29, 2019
I know they provide pro bono civil litigation in federal court, but he seemed particularly interested in "civil rights litigation" related to an unlawful arrest
My question  is  what was the pay out o. The civil judgement for the Jenna's law.  No early release  act case. Against nydocs.
Hello. I need help with a civil case
I went to the Queens small civil court
Don’t want to go threw the courts rather be civil about the matter.
This one says civil court but it is the sumpreme court
Is legal help available,in Queens civil court
I am sorry I am attempting to access a civil rights attorney who specializes in the area of health law
Would I be able to find free lawyer for Civil case
For me to the civil case I have to go threw family court?
Filing a an age discrimination and civil suit I'm federal court.. I have received the letter of right to sue from the eeoc
Will they also be able to help me with a civil suit
Hi. I need help with a civil case
I don't understand why you sent me the link about civil and criminal court
So I read I can file a civil claim up to 15,000
Honestly, after getting the judgement the courts pointed me to the sheriffs / special civil officers and i got literally nowhere at all
Well I want to pursuit a civil action
what is my issue?? health law ?? civil rights?  Privacy??
Hello I just wanted to know if I can if this case comes about get a legal aid for a civil court matter
Im looking for an attorney whom defends civil cases of alleged abuse
I need anyone to represent him for  a civil lawsuit for a criminal matter. He has a criminal lawyer but not a civil one
What steps can I take to protect myself in case of a civil suit?
legal I want to open a civil suit against My landlord not Covid related
i have a civil court paper  to surve someone to get the stuff i lost with law
civil litigation lawyer for case in federal courts
hi! I just wanted to know, if i can have a legal attorney for a civil lawsuit for Free?
Ok so the attoebey general civil rights bureau u said?
The document says that judgement was recovered in civil court on oct 9 2008
also becaus ei was told is is civil
Yes, I understand. Both are civil matters, from Employment issues.
Im looking for an attorney that can help with a civil lawsuit against NYC for police misconduct
Latter is at Southern District, NY (Civil).
Hi. My landlord filed a non-payment petition with NY Civil Court but then filed a notice of discontinuance
I am looking for some free guidance on how to handle a civil case
structure settlement annuity.  is this civil or superior court?
I'm looking for information on a civil suit, and I don't see anything on the webstie
would be crimal or civil at this point with kids over 21 ?
Hiw do I get papers to appeal my civil case
I'm looking for a lawyer for a civil case
yes...can you help direct me towards the proper subject matter? ...is this a civil liberties case?
but this is civil court right? oath is civil court?
I have two civil court cases - one with a neighbor, the other with the rental manager of my apartment building.
Appellate Court ... Court of Claims ...  NYC Civil Court ...
not child support a regular civil law suit.
but no one will help me for free as an attorney because this isnt criminal it's civil case
and I have two suits against me in New York Civil Courts
I got contact information from AUBURN,by civil court for free legal help.
I’ve a pending case at Supreme Court (civil term) for a balance of a house i sold via short sale 7 yrs ago
