I can never get into hospital with that 1st number u sent
Haven’t received this chat yet I’ve sent it to my email twice
You sent me a few that actually dissapeared when the conversation ended
Should he sent a bill to us to explain about the money he took away?
With the legal referrals, you sent this page: https://www.lawhelpny.org/find-legal-help/family-juvenile/child-support?location=Albany%20County
It was aggravating to know the request i made for my custody certificate wasn't sent at all
I have sent him multiple messages but no response.  I think he wants me out because I'm behind on the rent
My mother's employer sent her medical diagnosis company wide via email. Is that a violation of her privacy as an employee?
same link u just sent u sent again
no, the list you just sent, I had already seen/found on lawhelpny.org
I’m looking for the forms in the email I have to sent the forms to
I am trying to determine if the information has been sent to the court.
Wescherter court  i need fill and sent
I sent an email and I have to file with Richmond county
They sent me one but I lost it, I would like to have another for my file
The landlord's attorney sent me a information Subpoena
we sent it to the birth certificate office but they sent it back to my daughters mother now were not in a good place.
i had sent my scooter ($900) for repairs, after having it for less than 3 months
What about the freeze in my bank axcounts from Child Support sent to my bank
I already sent the DIY forms to court in September and I heard nothing back yet what else can I do to stop it
now landlord lawyer sent us email for 3 of  them to pay  unpaid rent
I just applied for visitation and sent by email. What should I do else to see my kids?
i sent email to a dead end.. here is what i sent...
I did not renew the lease which was sent to the landlord  and I havent sent a 30 day notice yet
Because after a certain amount of time my documents will be sent back
Okay. He did this and they sent the form back requesting my decree
But as you know we were sent home due to the coronavirus
I am not sure if it has been approved or not? I got it notarized and sent it to the court?
well a survey came on and I lost all the information you sent me
Gotcha. Ok great. This was very helpful. Now we’ll read all you sent and go from there unless you have any other advise
yes i do they sent it via email as well
HR is gone for the day...I left a voicemail and sent an email.
I sent it through email and mailed out the forms as well.
also that I have sent my daughter a total of 800 plus dollars, will they credit that
My child support is sent through the NYS collection
I sent my first enail on Nov. 8th.
Ok ty I just emailed the other place u sent me
I need to see if my referral was sent out so I can get my lawyer Becky Powell
I chatted with Abdullah a little while ago and our transcript did not get sent to my e-mail.  I need info again....
Should she print off messages he has sent to her..to have on file for future use if need be?
i will look at what you sent and come back if I need more assistance.  thanks again.
I will long took over what you sent me and contact the office tyvm
I have the form and filled out and has been sent  back atleast 6 times, there always appears to be an issue
yes. He was sent there because apparently there was no beds available in NY Federal Jail
I was told n confirm it myself that my luggage was sent there  dallas warehouse
ok i sent my email thanks again i will get right on it
It doesn’t say who it’s from but it was sent to me Mark Ferguson
no, I will contact the second set of resources you sent and hope to find some help
I’ve sent hundreds of complaints and several very detailed letters demanding that she be fired
I filled an appeal to NY on an unemployment claim denial. I sent it two day express on October 28th and haven't heard back yet.
They sent a letter and it didn’t give a date
nylang never reply I sent email
They sent the tanf out postmark February 26 but got it in March ?
he sent me emails explaining he is not paying the proper amount because of the pandemic the children need less
Yes miss. They sent a letter from the nys department of finance and taxation
the case is in new jersey we wanted to modify it but instead they sent an income withholding order
I sent a message on that webpage yesterday  and no-one  reached out to me
Please give me an explanation about the website you sent me.
Yes I spoke with them yesterday, I even sent them a check yesterday too
I have a court sent "income and expenses statement sheet that I filled out on the PDF file, that the court sent
Yes but can it be directly sent to her cause she will not pick it up from me
Thank you. I have sent my email for the transcript. Once again thanks for all the information Nicole.
as far as the petition, is sent general form 1, 17 and 22 along with a affidavit
I was chatting with Paisley...anyway you can have her return my request or can you see what I sent her?
I sent in documentation through online I believe e files. Not sure. But haven’t heard back
and than sent an imposter to NJ Inspira hospital
did you not read the messages i sent to the previous operator?
dss sent questionnaire requesting info about home ownership..
Sent, thanks again, I sincerely appreciate your kind assitance.
The modification form I sent previously had very general questions and was not specific.
I’m going to read over everything you have sent me right now thank you again
I emailed the court today and that is what they sent me. They also sent me this link to speak with somebody
I have emails, and the fake google numbers he created saved, and all the messages he’s sent I have a log of everything
No, the system was sensitive and must have sent that through before I could hit the “back” button
So does a letter from get sent or is there a form to fill out?
I thought you said you cant email??? the websites you sent me
the state of NY sent me a bunch of documentation with my rent history but it's not cut and dry or easy to understand
ok because we also has sent out wellness checks to the house
No, not for now. But thank you very much. I will check out that website you sent me now
My lawyer sent a certified letter to Westchester County office of child support enforcement with the checks.
Thanks give me a min b 4 u end this session so.i can.get the resources u sent
and I will read everything you sent me to research for myself. Of course I will.
How can I get the form in the mail or sent to my home
I sent in the paperwork just before the stay at home orders took effect
They took my phone  and  sent it to another agency to go through it
They even sent me a letter about job abandonment. When I been communicating them back and forth about my situation.
She just sent me a message that Brooke gave her guardianship of my unborn baby? Is this legal?
Ok will the form need to be mailed in or will it be sent online?
Wayne,  I already contacted the finger lakes law service. They sent me to you
Nys sent him letters and did not enforce anything
He hasn't gone through bthe proper channels to evict me. Just sent me a text message stating I need to vacate the premises immediately.
they also sent me the order of dismissal from the original petition i sent.'
i assume the court will send it back and we sent it to him?
I tried them they sent me here said couldn’t help me because I’m not 60
I got here through their website, but the page you sent looks like a good resource!
Okay thank you. Who is able to send or it looks like the transcript will be sent to my email account once we're finished.
Ok the lady said it can be sent like an efile and could fill it out online
On the 29th of July I sent a message to my Landlord to warn that the oil tank was only 1/4.
in 2017 a layer sent us a letter stated they wanted there money
His father has been gone for 7 months and because I couldnt make it one time he sent me to court for visitation.
I sent appic. for ch. sup & it was built by court worker then I need to set court day for amount of CS
She is over 21 and finished college.  They just sent me all the bills now
and I immediately sent them the two requested documents verifying my identity
ok thank. do you know if with the stimulus checks can i request his be sent to me?
That's the subject title of the email I sent to many law firms
Supervisor sent the email company wide
can you also email me which form I need to fill out to sent in to cancel
The first website that you sent says error
i submitted with a company call quick evic and they already sent them letters. On saturday someone came drop off paper to them
the one you sent for housing is your web. Will that be good place to seek hlep
I Sent messages With a Lou  And he gave me information I    couldn't send  the trans script email
rent demand was wrong amount and only sent via u.s. mail.
I sent a form with a self addressed envelope but I haven’t received anything
Oh okay so I should not fill out the form you sent?
he told me to keep the pictures I took of my bruises and keep the menacing threats he sent via text and voice memos
yes. I keep getting sent in circles. I just need help on which papers I file and where
Ok is there any way the information you sent me can be sent to my email address
I already sent the marriage license via the web already signed the same day but I do not receive the certificate
my claim constantly sent rapidly all over. Even I’m Brooklyn
Yes I sent money order and I sent via certified mail
Ok. That www law help.  U sent do I write that all in?
Awesome thank you if I already sent my petition can I just send these in now if I don't have a case number yet
I uploaded documents and went through...I thought I was saving but believe it was sent. I do not want this to go forward.
I can  sent that modification by mail? Online or personal?
it was in a message he sent me but nothing directly from lawyer
they cited the Child Support Act Treaty ni an email sent on April 20th
The sent the new born all the way to Brooklyn
I just sent a hand written letter to same manager .I need to go higher
do i have to hit transcript again to get the rest of what you sent since before
all I need is documentation sent to the jail so my husband can be released I don’t know who to contact
I sent proof of payment to child suppport via email and yet they put a freeze on my bank accounts saying Im in arrears
They sent eviction before they received the check and letter
i went to go pick them up as they sent a letter to my house
Here, you could have sent general info about child support via LIFT and then sent the child support modification
yes, i sent in another petition yesterday, but they sent me the same generic message they always to
We have sent letters to the affect that we are closing our business and she has no intention of leaving.
I sent paperwork once and I guess it got lost in mail
It would be, you could've sent that as one referral
And lastly ---- sending it in the mail, i do sent it to the family court in my county
they sent me an email stating they are not accepting cases
She's in California and sent me emails saying she won't be back
and she sent back an email saying im confused
I sent you a request involving falsified document and an inmate being deprived of rheir rights also have evidence to prove
I’ve sent them a technical issue email already
Is this whole conversation something that can be sent to me through email when we are done?
he sent an exterminator in March and haven’t heard anyone
