They got me down as an occupate and they didnt put me on the lease
I thought because of state of emergency I didnt need to answer till things were normal again
I didn't even see this one pop up!
I wrote her why I didn't want that transfer so soon but she Ms William transfer it
I had to actually chase the driver down to the highway and stop him on the highway, because he said he didn't see me
Thank you, and I apologize. I have never done this before, so I didn't know if all that was relevant information.
I sent my gf 17 application but. I didnt recibe any dates yet.  I applied 1 month ago
I just can't afford anything because we just lost everything in the fire and didn't get paid fully what we were due by the insurance
nope i didnt sign anything either but my lawyer hasnt bothered to keep me updated either
they didn't give me a case number yet
My Lanlord is trying to evict me and he didn't state why during this covid-19 is he allowed to evict me
Try tgexvolunter for the day program  it didn't  help me at all.
Adult protective services didnt even call me back.
he didn't appeal. does that mean we have to wait until 2021?
and she still didn't fix the modification as in preference of a women
i didn't do anything to damage the shower board
I didnt get a chance to go look at the sites you sent me yet because i didnt want to loose comnection wit you
I am sorry, had too many widows open I didn't want to lose you am in on the map of usa TO FIND FORMS?
I didn't see an option for me to file first
thank you. Im beyond frustrated that he didnt have money for child support but just put a loan on a brand new car.
I now understand. Do they already know he didn't pay it, or will they find out in court.
I've tried the last one and it didn't work either
I didn't see a DIY option for the original petition
he took my oldest son this weekend and didnt return him home
Dot officer didn't find me at fault about the accident. He said that I shouldn't of been driving it.
I have made a mess of things by hiring someone who said they could help and of course didn't.
i need different ones. those organizations didn't help me at all.
Sorry I didn't finish. I hit the send button by mistake...
I paid child support at every month but this month i didnt see them i didnt pay yet
We told her you are lying you didnt do your job because the kids were abandoned in Ohio
I couldn't rotate it. It was evneeng and I called to super. He said that he didn't live in building and couldn't help me
Nypd got in contact with TSA that night....she went to California with my daughter and didn't tell anyone
it didn't take legal place yet. they refused to give me my money back
i think i sent alreaddy, but didnt receive yet
Parole told me I didn't have any money I have to pay
OK I don't know that other message didn't go through
i didn't find out about the lie until after the 30 days when i released my lawyer and he gave me his files
they are saying he didn't let them know that he refused a job offer.  it's not true, though
we arent sure cause he doesnt know anytyhing about it recieved the paper but didnt read it
Sorry he stepped away and I didn't want you to think we weren't interested in getting he answer.
which is why she asked me why didnt i tell her my other son was autistic. basically she's investigating on her own merit
I mean honestly that number didn't help at all
ok where do i get the papers that i completed online i didnt got anything that said to print or
That's like a super brief summary. I didn't want to overwhelm you with the boring details.
ok those didn't help me. i called them multiple times already
I called 315-703-6500 and was told to go to www.legalhelp.org and get started but I didn't see where to do it
My only guess is when my father passed he left me money I didn't know about at the time she wanted it
I'm wondering if he didn't tell the worker he is his Aid and payee
In fact if I didnt have a child with him and a legal agreement, he would qualify as no contact
Basically I went up to child support to find out why I didn't receive it
With my son's case they granted me custody automatically so i never had to file. Why didn't they do that this time?
so u still didnt answer me yet about where should i sent that letter
I used a DIY form and sent it off  it was 11 pages long I didn't get a receipt
I didn't see anywhere to sign up. I did start the modification questionnaire. Not sure if I continue
therein lies the problem.  We have an attorney who is not responsive. We didnt want to start over
I didnt read and I full understand now, sorry
She stood very quiet didnt have anything to say. Then we gave her the family members numbers that can collaborate our intial complaints.
When we went to court back in November the judge didnt make a decision on the modification
would the courts be able to tell him which months he didnt pay?
I'm trying to go about signing my rights over for child that I didn't want to be involved with
They didn't return my phone calls. Thank you.
No I just got my social number i didn't have one
I assumed he didn't pay all the amount due
In fact he was addicted to booze and drugs and I didn't know if he would even live.
pretty serious so they reremand him and give him conswquences that  HE DIDNT DO IN THE FIRST PLACE
I have opened the complaint in BBB but they also didn't respond to BBB either.
I saw some stuff on the nyc gov site but didnt fully understand it.
and yesterday they said because I didn't have a lawyer with me they are taking my  parents rights from   me on  Sept 21
I told them I filed for unemployment and I was waiting on thatand didnt know if it would be available at that time.
none of those organizations helped me i just told you they didn't
The Temporary ORder said to pay through the CSU but I was living abroad and I didn't get it
I just didn't know if i could somehow obtain it online is all.
Thank you yes I am I apologize I didn't see that text
I didn't contact the LiveHelp feature. I emailed info@lawhelpny.org and was directed to use LiveHelp instead.
Do you have information on how to fill out a notice of claim. I have contacted MFJ. They didn't know to much.....
i called her the next day again but she didn't want to talk.
they didn't process april payment. .so they wanted april.and .may
Procedure to sue real state company that didn't return my deposit
I kept leaving messages for white Plains lawyer referral but they didn't return my call.
No but please wait one second I still didn't get the transcript.
I was emailing that link you sent me, Im sorry I didn't know you were still here.
My neighbor got the heat. But I didn.t. For the first a few days I didn.t say anything
i picked up my daughter in may of this year and shes still with me and i didnt pay all this months
Unfortunately not they didn't mention anything like that
I didn't see my kids for more than 10 days so is something can do to see then in this weekend its coming?
I asked them for my custody certificate all to find out they didnt send in the request to the archive at all
Hmmmm, I already called them and didn't hear back but will try to contact them via e-mail.
The landlord stated that she really didnt want to get in the middle of it.
the last link looked promising but I didn't receive rent from them so it didn't apply to my case.
I made female a priority and didnt work out
A court case? I didn't ever go to court for this just trying to stop the house from being foreclosed and switch it over
I didn't know I had to I was under the impression that I just had to fill out the petition
i was just with some one at your site and i didnt receive the transcript via email
they didnt even take into consideration that i was pregnant when they first made the order
The clerk said I can do this on at city hall but system,s were down and she didn't have a web app
But I didn't give him june because  I said that should of been part of ...her intial
You said "you are filing this petition". SOrry if I didn't make it clear. I'm filing application, via OSC
Ok. . . sorry.  I didn't know if I missed something.  Thank you!
I asked and didn't get an answer....if txt messages are not an exceptional form, what form would be excepted?
I created an account and everything it was supposed to save it especially if I created an account and it didn't do that either
I didn't get home till around 7:30 or 9:00 pm
I didn't even think of the police. It's just so uncomfortable and scary to go into work everyday knowing they're listening.
i didn't see anything about going out of state.
My local supreme courthouse didnt have them to give to me
Didn't pay the bills and I am in serious debts.  Lied and changed my life insurance policies.
they don't apear in court say bevcause they didnt know what it was or what to do.
Thank you, I didn't know this even existed. Just found it online. Very helpful.
You are not telling me anything that I didn't know already
I didn't report my income to the office because they said i was temporary.  Can they kick me out or take me to court
they didn't and i called the clerks office and actually went down there and they said they couldn't help me
Absolutely. I believe it was some kind of defective machinery or some negligence that didnt check product quality control
I told them he wasn't paying support in court and they didn't beleive me and didn't check
my brother didnt give permission for her to leave the state of NY
Unfortunately we didn't take photos to prove how dirty it is when we moved in,  neither did we take picture when we leave..
The DA said I didn't need one
I didn't get the attorney part and the housing court info
I claimed less than 3 yeas, but I didn't get eny info
it pertains to breach of lease and damages to a apartment which i didn't reside at the time
Yes. He was ultimately able to get his video turned on but the audio didn't work, so I called him.
I immediately brought it to judge's attention and asked for date but it didn't get set until now which is 5-11
ok i didn't know warwhere to look
i rented an airbnb in brooklyn, and the host didn't tell me the apt front door would be continuously unlocked
Yes...then went back to court in december the judge said the same order..i didnt recieved the court papers yet
I think we were chatting a few minutes ago and I didn't get the link at the end. It disappeared too fast.
I had a judgment against me in housing court i didn't know anything about it until they start taking money out of my pay
The first number didn't help me but thx
in family court I thought you didn't need to have representation in the beginning?
I didn't know that there wasn't a petition to terminate that child support
He actually didn't go through with the refund I had to get that via the service we used to conduct the transaction (Paypal)
livingston has jurisdiction over the case bc the afc didnt want me to file in my county I cant go through Livingston
yeah i called both and was told i didn't qualify
started back in march 19 with pandamic and uncertainty of work and income im in sales didnt even think i get unemployment
I still didn't get it. That's weird
They may have but didn't know I get A lot of junk mail I don't open everything
The link didn't have any information re: POA filing. No forms. Nothing
I jumped pages, hope I didn't lose the conversation...
I didn't get the last digit for his number
She really didn't have an estate her wishes was verbal. I didn't even know about the pensions.
I checked their site, they didn't have bankruptcy on their list
My boss also said if I didn't return he would cut off my unemployment
I didn't get paid for the month of October and Sept
One girl send me an mesage than i answer she ofert me sexual services and i didn't answer because i didn't had interest on it...
i once emailed pool supervisor but didn't get an answer
OK I believe it went through I can't access my email from here. But if it didn't I can visit this chat again. Lol
I didnt think to call the police but I certainly will now. Thank you
WHICH I HAD AT THE TIME OF THE COURTS AND HE TOLD ME IN MY FACE HE DIDNT WANT IT
My uncle hand is fractured , we also get medico legal certificate. Police still didn't arrested
Thank you, I didnt know if legally she can coutine a investigation after 60 days with no paper work
i already called multiple numbers. i just need to know where they money went if it didnt go to my child support card
I just need help in getting my vehicle back to take to another shop to verify they didn't do the work they claim they did
Ok i was not sure and didn't want to get into trouble with the law if I applied
he probably didnt know about it cause he wasnt around for it
Any pro bono void stipulation may 17 2019 appeal. 30 + years. Co Hurst signing didn't know stipulation. Yes represented bad atty
I didn't read disclaimer information but I do except it nonetheless
Wait there is one I didnt try. The name doesnt seem to be in my area of issue however i will tru
Oh wow i didnt know that. Thank you so much
My ex didn't adhere to our divorce judgment
of course, sorry didn't read far enough.
I just didn't think there was a way out of the lease peiod
