I have court tomorrow at 2:30 at 62 Civic Plaza in Poughkeepsie New York due to inhabitable living conditions caused by the landlord
Are these sources available today ,or tomorrow in regards to the pandemic and restrictions?
Ok thank u I’ll try then tomorrow
I have a court case tomorrow about child visitations and I would like advice
OK.  I will work on this tomorrow I imagine everyone has gone home now.  Thank you for listening.
okay....i will try again tomorrow to call and find it
i have a court date tomorrow and would like to know will i have an opportunity to adjourn it so i can seek counsel?
Ok great I'll contact them tomorrow
Thank you’re much  tomorrow I will call them.
But I can go to county building tomorrow and petition a change to court documents.
I have a court case tomorrow in NYC for back alimony and child support. Is it still scheduled
great.  thank you - I will give a call 1st thing tomorrow.
Hi I hace a child support cour date after tomorrow will they postponed it
giving me until 5pm tomorrow to be gone or will change the locks
At that time the child was living with me. She has been with me till lets say tomorrow.
from 2 kids to 1 my youngest will be 15 tomorrow
Thank you for your help. I will try again tomorrow to talk to gov benifits and disability advocacy. Hope you have a good day
For now. She has been with me throughout the whole pandemic. Her mom is in town and looking to take her tomorrow.
Thank you for looking into this. I just need to draft an answer to submit to the court clerk tomorrow
no I do not know but tomorrow maybe  I will know and I will be back.
Tomorrow I am having major back surgery in mercey good west senneca. I have waited 7 months for this
i had VIBS helping me but the lady said she was to busy to help me and I need my petition for court tomorrow
I  will definitely call the court clerk tomorrow.  Thank You
she received 2 deposits today and her regular benefits come tomorrow and I think she'll receive the other benifits tomorrow if not later today
thank you again, I will try this number tomorrow.  I hope it's state wide as this is in NYC
Have a foreclosure case tomorrow and don’t know how to answer it or what to do
thank you, i will make all this calls tomorrow during business hours
Hi I just want to whether the court is open tomorrow the Wednesday because we have a child custody first
Ok 👍 Thank you ! I am assuming since today is a holiday I should reach out tomorrow?
Landlord has an petition for eviction went to court in August they scheduled another hearing for tomorrow
Ok thank you so much I will come back tomorrow
I have a settlement conference tomorrow but can’t make it
She supposed to go to this court tomorrow and we’re trying to postpone it until we can get a lawyer
How do I postpone my court date scheduled for tomorrow?
The first one is closed currently and I’m assuming the second office probably is too right? So ill make the calls tomorrow
Is the criminal court in kew gardens open tomorrow?
Ok will try tomorrow when I have computer connected to printer
they want me to fill out an out of country questionnaire by tomorrow
My child's mother has relocated my children and will not tell me where they are. I am  supposed to have my 50/50 arrangement tomorrow
Local police told me my house will be confirmed tomorrow but it is up to codes. No serious issues
I'm not sure if a supreme court criminal matter involving me is going to be heard tomorrow or not
today is a holiday and it says i am scheduled to appear tomorrow at 9am
i may need one cause i cant get ahold of current ...im do in court tomorrow
great, I'll go ahead and give them a call tomorrow
This is in regards to a foreclosure conference that is scheduled for tomorrow
I already have submitted that, i have a court hearing tomorrow
Thanks, I'll try calling them tomorrow
What do you say it’s better to try them tomorrow then
No I havent i was waiting til court tomorrow
Thank you. Should I pay the rent which is due tomorrow and should I attend the meeting tomorrow., which I am nervous to go to?
I understand, but her court date is tomorrow, and we have absolutely no way of contacting or finding her assigned counsel
Thank you ima call tomorrow and see what happen
Yes, he is demanding to come in at 9 am tomorrow.
I tried them today and left a message. I'll try again tomorrow.
Hi can I go into to court tomorrow to do a child susport modification of susport
I just want to know if there is an open mic in Manhattan tomorrow, Oct. 30.
I actually have to go to court tomorrow but I would like to seek counsel on this matter
Yes. But I am trying to go tomorrow and I have almost no energy on my battery
the majistrate said that if I want to appeal, I need to appeal by tomorrow
i thank you for your time and all your help...i will reach out later on today or tomorrow in reference to the process
I know you've been a great help if there's any questions I will text you tomorrow when they are open
is there a specific form i should find before we go to the courts tomorrow?
Ty ill take a look and give them a call tomorrow
Supposed to have virtual court hearing tomorrow I'm trying to postpone it
I have paternity summons to go tomorrow at 9am will family court still be open tomorrow
I am a law student in another state and I am trying to help a friend who has court at 9 am tomorrow
thank you!  Hopefully they will be able to help tomorrow. Have a good evening.
Will file unemployment nys tomorrow is his day and family court is closed
The surgery is tomorrow and I need to know if they’re allowed to get away with this
I have until 3pm tomorrow to turn in the keys,  then landlord will seek eviction process
i have a hearing for Bronx family court tomorrow and I’m trying to see if the courts are still operational
Hopefully it is thank you I will make calls tomorrow
So I could probably call these guys tomorrow
okay how can i start today or tomorrow morning
I'll call tomorrow. I appreciate your help.
Her child was removed Friday and all she got was a letter saying that she has court tomorrow at 9 am and no other information
I was served with an OSC last week, Thursday. I have a virtual hearing scheduled for tomorrow morning.
I need some legal help for a court case tomorrow
I have to pay a ticket tomorrow but I don’t know if the court is open
Schedule is not set yet. Going to court tomorrow to get a date.
OK I’ll try them tomorrow with in the business hours thank you
that's it.  I'll call tomorrow and find out.  of which department i ask for?
As I heard last, I have to go to family court tomorrow for child support
I would like to start my form on line before going tomorrow morning
Yes, Dutchess Cantu, and the settlement conference is scheduled for tomorrow afternoon
Lawyer referral because the court date is set for tomorrow
