will child get those benefits and for how long? 18 or 221?
I want to know if I can find one that can help me get the benefits I need
expect? Uts not near the LTD benefit
I'm having an issue receiving the 13 week extension on my NY State unemployment benefits.
hey there, my dad died and left me benefits undersurvivors benefits
can my employer see if I claimed benefits for a week?
I need to find an unemployment lawyer  to speak to regarding severance, retirement benefits and unemployment
I have been waiting 10 weeks to receive unemployment benefits and can’t get a response by email or call back
but they stole it and stole my employee benefits of my Prudential group accidental benefits
I need to know if I qualify for public benefit because I have a prima facie issuer by USCIS
I need help. I filed for unemployment benefits and my claim has been denied.
I'm looking for help with my SNAP benefits care and how it was handled
Even I’m getting unemployment benefit
I didn’t idea that the unemployment benefit is a income
I applied for unemployment benefits and got accepted and they need all paid money back at the department of labor
Yes. I was laid off and my employer is not contesting unemployment benefits. I would just like help to file correctly.
Is there a certain date for  paying back the benefits?
I'm confused if this counts as returning to work when filing for benefits
I havent been getting benefits since July because they need my taxes. I havent filled out my taxes.
Do I continue to pay because I am unemployed or is that taken out of my Snap benefits
Yes. Note. Ok reached out to sue but they either do only education or ssi benefits nor these
how a severance pay will affect my unemployment  benefit ?
I was denied unemployment benefits and need a free attorney to help me
i have not been denied but I have not been getting benefits since July
I received a letter in the mail fading about unemployment insurance monetary benefit determination I don't understand at all
Need help regarding my unemployment benefits
What are the steps to go about if they’re contesting unemployment benefits
Hi. I have a few questions about my eligibility for PUA benefits. Is there an attorney know might be able to help me?
I need help accessing benefits to be able to keep food in my home
can you direct me to a website?  Can you help with the SS benefit question?
What steps I do need to take and also how this may affect me regarding benefits I would be eligible to receive.
i'm looking for the legal intersection of covid, unemployment benefits, and student loans
Can I use my snap benefits in different states?
I received several thousand dollars in benefits.
my unemployment benefits were just suspended and I need help
hi are you affiliated with SNAP. I applied for snap but how can I receive expedited benefits
my UI benefits have not been payed for 15+ weeks.  is there anyway to speed them up
I have a question on how long should it take to receive snap benefits after I applied
My mom is carrying for him and he needs his benefits from his deceased mother, my sister
Where can I get person to petson help in getting unemployment benefits
thay started payments 3 weeks later and now are questioning me about it but I'm still resiveing benefits
Trying to locate a lawyer to find out if I am entitled to unemployment benefits during March 15 to june 15 as a uber driver
I have an unemployment hearing about my benefits and need legal assistance
Since, I match QMB income limit I should be able to keep both benefits. Is there anyone who can help me figure the whole situation?
This is a question about PUA and how it can affect my government benefits
I have a complicated question regarding my NYS unemployment benefits
I want a lawyer for my fair hearing for snap benefits
she received benefits for two weeks now - but now is being asked to certify for other weeks so she could be paid retroactively.
Hi. I have questions about unemployment benefits, but it's a complicated question.
I am clueless as it’s been a month and I need my weekly benefits
After being in the  VA healthcare system for 32 years, recently told no longer eligible for VA Healtcare benefits.
Can you help me with some information about the recertification process for benefits
I need an attorney or mental health advocate for my ALJ hearing concerning survival benefits on Dec.13 2019 @ 9:15.
I was denied unemployment benefits. I tried to call/ email/ visit unemployment centers yet no one was answering.
I never received my unemployment benefits despite applying and receiving a monetary determination in early March
This year I'm doing terrible almost running out of unemployment insurance benefits
she is not being paid industry standard for her work or ofered benefits
Thank you so much i'm gonna check the site now. Also right know i'm receiving unemployment benefits due to the situation. This afect me?
I do get unemployment benefits but they take away half of them I cannot survive whit that type of money
I owe monies (want to continue benefits) they want full balance now ) My health is integral to MLTC
I'm looking for a form to recalibrate my weekly benefit rate for D.O.L
got it, thank you. I was not sure, as some states you have to apply right away otherwise you will lose benefits
I have left several jobs with health benefits and have never had anything like this be presented to me
so I stop receiving benefits from ss for about little more then year so my Medicare part A was cut off
Because we didn’t reach out he gave us the benefit of the doubt and renewed it for another year
Looking for a lawyer for unemployment benefits claim against my wife for determination of overpayment  and  requirement for repayment
I was told I owe money for claiming benefits on weeks that I worked.
Is it necessary to fill out a wage and health benefits report for an employee that is already paying child support and health benefits
my benefit year expires this weekend so I need to file a new claim
And both my kids receive benefit money from me every month
at least to benefit future potential victims
have not applied for benefits as child support was the major concern
Hi, do you help with social disability Benefits
i filed and unemployment claim with a pandemic application in April and i haven’t received any benefits
If my unemployment benefits were not being taken fully, I'd be fine
Ever since the PUA benefits expired they messed up my claims. Yes I spoke to them for WEEKS DAY AFTER DAY
denied regular unemployment insurance benefits. Live in NY self employed in NJ 3 weeks nothing for the $600
Hello, i did not receive my SNAP benefits on my card.
An approval letter was sent to me, and then even so I can not access these benefits.
Hello. I applied for unemployed benefits  because of Covid-19, but it turned out that im not eligible.
Hi im trying to figure out my emergency benefits
I tried to give him the benefit of the doubt smh
Hello my son received a 13.00 payment for SSI AND 23.00 payment for SSD BENEFITS
Looking for the name of a lawyer in Riverhead area to help protect existing sad benefits.
I have a court ordered child support case bc my girlfriend had been receiving benefits from HRA.
It's been well over 10 years since I have had any cost of living adjustments  also he maybe working and collect unemployment benefits also
If I can't work because I have a weaken immune system , under the coronavirus  and dont have accrued benefit time. Can i qualify for unemployment?
Hi, I need to consult with a lawyer in regards to how unemployment / covid benefits effect section 8 housing
I am missing about 4 weeks worth of benefits they were deposited in wrong account
I am attempting to apply for expedited snap benefits and am getting no assistance from DSS
ok so his income is separate then ssa benefits that my son is getting directly fro ssa
Hi there. I need help finding free legal representation/advice on filing for a hearing for an unemployment benefits discrepancy
Would I be still eligible for the unemployment benefit I resign? Or do I have to wait until I get laid off?
you also mentioned you help with workers rights and public benefits
Need help gettiing my new address to key3 benefits an getting my card expedited
I would not benefit from the added layer of complication and time/expense retaining another attorney would add
I’m currently unemployed and filling and receiving UE benefits. I was a bus matron and was laid off due to corona virus
But for this case the benefits to little to affect my taxes but, even if the benefits go to my older children
I have insurance but they denied a device as non covered benefit
I understand this but are those benefits considered as income? They’re not public benefits but rather federal and non taxable
yes, I received UI benefits as I was approved and they see I’m not qualified for it
I am trying to apply for a one time snap benefit for my home as we are currently not working
My previous employer has appealed the NYS Dept. of Labor's decision to pay me unemployment benefits and I've already been given backpay.
Yes. Initially I was rectifying for regular snap benefits
And I am still not able to certify for weekly benefits or get paid
This is Regarding Denial In  Eligibility for SSI  Benefits for my child and some sort of representation and  assistance for my child
But,my employer contacted the DOL and the DOL,is saying that I have to pay the benefits I received back
I am helping a refugee.  On his snap card I think he gets housing benefits
I was receiving my unemployment benefits  and accept a job in June and start training
for nyc laws - i am the custodial parent  and my son recently started receiving ssa benefits directly from SSA
I got a letter from DOL regarding unemployment benefits I received for 11 different weeks
Can u call me 716-861-0476 to discuss...some UI benefits lapsed while I was hospitalized
I was claiming benefits for days I was home in Ny
