How much will it cost to talk to a legal services organization?
I think my current lawyer for what it costs is not worth it
Please help me find an attorney possibly either cheap or at no cost
do i deduct the full cost of children healtcare cost from next childsupport payment?
Manhattan but I would need a free or low cost attorney
i was there for two hours and they move my vehicle costing 216 is there any recourse
Yes I need a low cost bankruptcy  attorney
That is not going to cost me so much money. I am a single mother.
I had a question about how much it would cost for my niece to be emancipated
I read on my courts that the cost of living support increase can be done without Cory - do you know how?
I was recently received a court date for a custody hearing. i wanted to know what low cost/ free attorney options are ther available
I want to increase amount of child support also I thought cost of living increase automatically goes in effect after two years
The judgment has been entered and I just submitted an affirmation of costs and disbursements
i know the challenge is costly and needed to be done within 30 days of the decision
Actually I’m looking to be in contact with a lawyer who can help me. Free or low cost of course
I am wondering what forms I need to file for cost of living increase regarding child support
I’m wondering if you can connect me with a free/low cost lawyer for bankruptcy
Do you know how much will the fee cost for the attorney?
He never paid rent or any cost for living
Tying to find names of lawyers  low cost or no cost for adoption
please to be low cost or free help
Yes I am looking for a low cost or probono lawyer to help me with a child support case
i would like to know how much does it cost to find someone to help me to fill out forms
Cost of living adjustments for child support how often do you get them
I would like to know how much cost an hour a supervising visit
Im trying to get custody of my great niece and I just want to know can I get a low cost lawyers
I need help finding an attorney with a low cost consultation fee in NY
Can you refer any low cost adult guardianship lawyers?
Yes I paid all the repair cost and the price of the replacement engine
seems that on the original order there was a child daycare cost which my son hasn't needed a daycare in over 4 years
can i request a cost of living through the collection unit?
So but they will help to get a lawyer at lost cost
I’m trying to find low cost legal aid in the Bronx
The extent of the injured party‘s injuries.Cover costs
I need low cost if not free because I do not know if I have any grounds at all?
I was directed to this website to get free or low cost legal consul on child support
is there a web site to get a low cost layer or a court lawyer?
Hi I pay child support minus half of the childrens health care cost as our agreement says we share that cost
I need to find a low cost attorney to defend my elderly mother against a tort case by landlord attempting to circumvent moratorium
also what does an attorney Referee do and is there a cost for their use.
Fantastic.  Do you know if dad is responsible for college costs if child started, but then took a year off?
The back support will just about cover my legal costs.
Do you know how much it cost or how I could get a free immigration lawyer
his paperwork says he is eligible for a cost of living increase in 2020.
I need a low cost lawyer for custody and child support
we didn't know that about the cost of living increase, that's helpful. it automatically goes into effect? do you know what % the increase is?
I need resources for a low cost lawyer for adjustment in visitation as well as child support. I am a DV survivor.
I think everyone has more fair price and cost of living
I am seeking a low cost attorney to assist me in setting up a non profit organization
I am wondering who to contact  and if there are any free or low cost people that can help me.
I am curious about the cost of living increase for child support
And i know a lawyer will cost a fortune in the US.
If so the shareholders who are not on SCre may have to absorb there cost
it also said you have connection to a possible free or low cost attourney
Where in NYC can I find free or low cost help with child custody and support for my divorce
I want to know the information how to do will, I am laid off right know, Thats not going to cost me alot of money.
Ok. These address you gave is free of cost for informations?
May I have those low cost lawyers.  100% disabled veteran
Yes, i would like to find an attorney at free to low cost
Form for cost of living increase of child support ( different process), also Westchester County
she knows if she doesn’t pay the full amount we all split the cost
however heating costs are getting billed to me as part of my electric
Do you have a list of lower cost or free attorneys in my area or will lift help with that?
Yes.   I am trying find out attorneys handle and the potential cost.
Im looking for a free lawyer or a low cost lawyer who specialize in car shops.
ok Thank u. Do u know roughly about how much it would cost for my case
Can i get a free or low cost lawyer
I need a low cost family lawyer to represent my elderly father
the minimum of $25 seemed like a waste of time daycare alone is costing me over $1000
looking for a low cost or pro bono bankruptcy help . legal aise does not do bankruptcy in my county in ny
Do you have that data ( percent of cost of living increase since 2015 until present)?
my question is is instead of me taking him back to court is there a way to just do a cost of living?
I’m looking for a free or low cost father rights attorney
I want to know how much it cost to get an attorney for my current situation.
I need help to find legal advice at low or free cost
so low cost or sliding scale could be helpful on the list of lawyers
this has cost me years of my life and my son is being hurt and no one cares
Around how much would it cost me to hire a lawyer to sealed my case
Free or low cost to retain because I'm not working. I'm on ssi benefits.
looking for low cost lawyer advice about starting an uncontested divorce
I want to file for a legal separation. How much does it cost
I need help connecting with someone that can provide free or low cost assistance for adjustment of status
Ok , thank you , I need free or low cost lawyer or pre- bono
I need help covering the cost of medicine
i am looking for assistance in find a low cost attorney for a divorce with a child under 18
I am looking for a low cost legal advice.
I need to contact a divorce for a low cost.  Raising two kids and don’t make much
