Yes please I ant and all help I can get
Please how can I get email address to send child support forms to please
Yes please I would certainly appreciate it.
hello, can you please help me start filling out a diy form for modification of child support please.
The informations that you provide me are very important can you please email it to me please @ newsuero@gmail.com
Yes please.  I have a hard time narrowing down which Court it is
Yes please.  My deadline to answer is Nov 14.
Thank you Lindsey!  Please know that appreciate any information you can share.
Okay, can you please connect me with someone who understands removal to federal court.
I appreciate the information and help. Yes please provide the form.
Hi Celine. I need some advise please or direction
yes please! i am willing to accept any help to get my divorce moving along. thank you so much
Yes please anything that can help me bring my babies home
Okay thank you and yes please that would be great
I do not see the disclaimer. Please give me an idea where it is.
can you please send me the link so I can file please
Can you please bear with me for a second so I can explain my situation
please please Jaime I don't who u r but if this is a human please help me I lost my job and total
Yes please would love a name of the legal organization
“Yes please” and thank you in advance for your service to the community.
Yes, please.  I will probably hire the attorney on their behalf
I did right it down. Than k you so much. Yes please give me the hotlines with emails, please
please send me the mediation information please
yes please I need legal services please
Yes can please connect to an agent please?
Yes please I would like to speak to attorney. Thank you
I need to download the petition as a pdf I don’t see it please I been at this for hours
Please. Was getting my question tyoed and ready lol
Thank you!! Yes, please I would appreciate that.
Great thank-you! please give one moment to copy the information before closing the session
Yes please I will love to get some help
yes please we recently moved into a house which he wants me out and to take my name off the deed
thank you so very much you  have been  the most help and yes please my email is  amyswanson1972@yahoo.com
Please be patient I am a senior and I’m not very good on these computers or phones or whatever
Yes please my kids are age 3 and 4 months
Yes or reffer me to a good estate attorney please
i am asking for you to please provide the email address you referenced above could you please do that so I can contact them?
yes, please provide an attorney referral.
Yes please, an organization referral would be great
Yes please. Erie County Family Court.
can you please help me figure out which one to call?
My english is not perfect but let me try please
Thank u.  One question more please if you don’t mind
Yes please that would be a great help. Thank you
I have fallen into the cracks of the system please help me
Yes please because I really want to see my son an his grandmother is very rude
yes please because I'm trying a few different courts and numbers and I can not get a person to pick up
Thank you very much. I will at least attempt to start with these. I will take a screen shot one moment please.
Yes please. I file a complaint to her supervisor and other places but no one is taking me seriously
(great Cara, please hold on while I finish with others)
yes please! I am a graduate student and I do not have any funds to pay for legal services unfortunately
Would you please provide me with an attorney as well?
Yes, I understand and would like to continue please.
ok sorry  yes please assist
okay, can you give me some legal information please?
Please provide the resources and organizations, thank you
Ok yes, let me get the websites too please
Yes! PLEASE help me find an attorney! I was a pro de plaintiff! Lawyers for defendants very rude, dishonest so I need professional council
Yes please email transcript to elizabethsmitrani@gmail.com.
yes i can locate that please give me a mine
Yes please thank you in state isiand or the bronx i live in the bronx
Wow. Yes please! Thank you so much for your help!
Yes I would like to modify it please
Please let me know which form needed to file appeal
Yes please I would like a list
Yes, please.  I will take the hotline numbers?
Yes please, though I am unfamiliar with NYSBA
Yes please I need someone to help me
Please do, I am being treated like a criminal by this magistrate
I need to find the electronic testimony form please.
Yes please, I'm looking for legal representation.
yes please and sorry for the slow response, I wasn’t thinking your response would be fast
Can you please inform me of the name of the form that I have to download
yes, if this could be a solution, that could help us to have a fast response, yes please
Yes please. Any information that you have would be appreciated
Yes please I’d really appreciate that.
Please send information and Thank you for your help
if you were so kind please? I really need to get in touch with the court.
Yes. please do provide additional bx resources.
great! how can I find the form to apply? please
yes please and thank you that contact information will b great and to b clear i am the landlord
Yes, please send me that information. It would be helpful. How long will the courts be closed?
Yes can u give me the lawyers names please
Please I’m very interested I don’t mind paying a lawyer either
Let me read this all. Give me a sec please
Yes but please help me find my grandsons before I die
I fully understand my name is James Fisher please give me direct info.so someone could help me thanks
please if it’s not taboo folllow me on instagram
Yes, please. My wife is working from home and it's giving her too much unnecessary stress and anxiety. Thank you for your assistance.
Hi my name is Brooke can u please help me
oh awesome yes please and thank you
Ok yes please!  I knew you could if you could not help
Please yes he doesn't have eviction order yet.
yes, please i dont know anything about my soon for the past month
Yes you can please I just need my kids home anything can help
ok please let me copy and paste all that information
all i find is they can not shut off. please pay 1600.00 more dollars . that is total not right .this is insain?
Yes please I’ve tried calling and no one has picked up
Yes please it the family court in central Islip
Alright. Could you please connect me? Thank you
Yes, please. The buyer would be a neighbor in the building, so we think that the interview process should be smooth.
yes, please. You can send them in English and if possible in Spanish as well. Thank you very much.
Yes please let me know their contact number
yes please an attorney referral would be great
Yes please as my coop board is insisting on collecting it
That would be helpful, yes please, thank you
Yes, please provide me the telephone numbers for the organizations
Yes please, Can she get an attorney also?
so many there, can you please help direct me to someone who can help me?
Yes please thak you have great day
Yes please. It would be for queens county.
Could you please send me the second link once again if possible please?
Yes please that would be helpful this way if I have any other issues I can call or go there
I need to get my divorce finish faster I don’t know how to do it could you please help me?
if I give you her phone numbe will you connect her to one of them for help please
Shannon, please hang on one more minute...
Yes, please. Thank you so much for your help
yes please. Anything that can help at this point.
Oh please yes that would be great
yes please thank you so much this has been so hard and any guidance and help would truly help get through this
Please bear with me as I'm not a fast typist
All set for now am waiting for the visitor survey please
please let me know if i need to further clarify. i apologize if i made it more confusing.
I prefer something on Suffolk county if you can please , please find one
Thank you, Bennett. Please stay healthy.
Yes, please, that would be helpful. Thank you
Please help me find the one nearest me
(great, please hold a few minutes while I finish up)
Yes, I would like to have him arrested, please
Please help me soni know what my rights are?
I  wont use riverhead,  Listen, please
Yes please I can't get my phone to work would really like to do it online
Please send email to contact them please
I just need to ge a document signed in my name.  Please help me with this.
I know where my spouse is located. So that shouldn’t be an issue right ? And yes please.
Please?? All I want to do is cry or die...I'm am so tired of this!!!
Yes can you please send list of lawyer’s and thank you
Okay one second please checking
Yes I would like a lawyer please
let me try again to sign into old acct, please
yes please a number would be great!
I would like at least one Black Attorney for each area please
Can I have the supervisor email or connect information please ?
yes please! and yes the co-op rental is in manhattan
Yes please. Cuz I don’t know what to do.
Oh yes please and thank you for your patience.
Can you please  kindly let me know what do I need to do ?
I'm going to write it down now. Please allow me to do so .
Yes please can you also send me information about trusts as well
Yes, please transfer me to LIFT operator. Thank you
can you please sent the form to my email address please
thank u am in tears now trying to figure out what to do please help me
Yes please a hard digital copy would be perfect
Yes please from city of Buffalo ny
Michael Williams 2228 N Melvin St.Philadelphia pa 19131 please mail thank you
please help me I don’t want my license to get suspended
Absolutely, I  want to go to court NOW and put this petition in....thank you for any and all services provided please
Thank you. Can you please give me just a moment while I write down the website?
(Great Timothy! Just remember to get a yes at the beginning. Finishing up with the others, so please hang on)
Yes, please because we are just going in circles at this point.
please it will be great if you would help her in this hard times
Can you please give me the attorney number who can assist
