Ok, well thanks anyway. Stay safe.
appreciate the time , stay safe and stay blessed sir
That is exactly what I needed! Thank you so much for your help! Stay safe and have a great day 😊
Thank you very very much!! I hope you have a good day and stay safe!
Hi Deanna hope you and your family staying safe and healthy in this situation
nope that's it thank you so much stay safe!
Thank you again. Have a nice day, stay safe and be well
I’m going to look at that link that you just sent me thank you so much stay safe and healthy
Got it  thank you! Stay safe and have a great day.
That's great , thank you, stay safe and healthy. have a good evening.
no that's it. enjoy the rest of your day and be safe.
Please stay safe, be well and Thank you!
Go ahead and end your shift. Stay safe.
Thanks please have a great day and stay safe..
Thank you again for your help. Have a good day stay safe😁
THANK YOU very much. Stay safe have a good day
No. Thank you so much. Much appreciated. Stay safe have a great day
Thank you this is helpful. Have all the links loaded. Have a safe and healthy day.
No thank you have a great night stay safe
Will do. Thank you again.   Take care and stay safe.
Okay, thank you for your help. Stay safe
thank you i contacted NYLAG and they told me to file with EEOC. I will try the others thank you and stay safe
Thank You Dennis, Stay safe & have a great day.
Thank u ill go to the site now n stay safe..
Ok, no problem. Thank you again for your guidance and kind encouragement. Please be well and stay safe ;)
Thank you so much for your help today.  Stay safe and healthy if you can!!
Thank you so much for your time. No that is all thank you very much have a great day stay safe
No. I think that's everything. Thank you for your patience and assistance. Stay safe and healthy
No. I believe you helped wonderfully. Thank you so much. Stay safe and be blessed
Ok thank you. & Stay COVID safe. Have a nice afternoon. Bye
Thank you so very much I appreciate it have a bless night and stay safe
Thank you so much for evrything. I really appreciate the info. Please stay safe. Have a wonderful day
I did the transcript.  Thank you for all your help. Stay safe
I thank you so much...stay safe & have a wonderful day
no thank you i will look at the info you  sent have a good day and stay safe
thanks for helping. have a nice weekend and stay safe
Ok, thank you for your assistance, stay safe and have a great day 👍
Thank you Happy New Year Stay Safe
Fine and dandy. You answered the most important question. Stay well,  stay safe person Bennett. I’m signing off.
Great I will take this information and speak with someone this information has been very helpful thank you and stay safe until then.
ok got it.  thank you for all of your help.  stay safe!
Not at this time. Thank you for your time. Stay safe
Thank you so much for your help. Be safe and have a nice day.
Thank you I don't think you can help me I just don't know what to do thank you stay safe
thanks and stay safe appreciate your help  at this time
No that is all at the moment. Thank you once again, stay safe and sane through all of this craziness
wishing you a blessed day and wherever you are... stay safe... this corona thing is scary.
Have a great evening and you and your family stay safe and healthy!!!
Thank you you stay safe also good night
no thats it thank you! stay safe! have a good night
Thank so much! Have wonderful day and stay safe.
Thank you so much for your help. Have a great day and stay safe
Great. I appreciate your help. Stay safe.
Thank you very much for your help, I appreciate it, stay safe
no other questions, thank you for trying and your time.  please stay healthy and safe.
no thanks i already copied the info.  thanks for your help!  stay safe.
No thank you enjoy your day stay safe
thank you and like wise stay safe. no thank you so much
Thanks for your help. Have a great day. Stay safe.
ok thank you. have a great day and stay safe.
that’s ok! Have a good evening.. stay safe!
Thank you Melissa stay safe and healthy
Ty so much. Have a great day and stay safe
You have been extremely helpful. Thank you so much and stay safe. Can I have this chat send to my email?
Thank you so much for your time and patience please stay safe.
Thank you. Yes we are. I hope you and yours are safe as well
ok, thanks for your efforts. stay safe
Ok, thank you so much. I will look into everything. Please stay safe out there and happy holidays.
ok, thank you again. Please stay safe....
Thank you.Happy Holidays. Stay safe
ok ty much and stay safe
ok, i appreciate your help. stay safe.
Okay. Thank you again for pointing me in the right direction, Michelle!! Be well, stay safe! :-)
Ok thank you so very much .. Please stay safe..
No that’s all thank you again n stay safe you n your family
That was all for today. Thanks and please stay safe!
please you and your family and friends stay safe
alright, i will look there.  thank you for your help tonight.  i hope you have a nice weekend. stay safe!
You too be safe and I hope you stay away from this virus thing
no ty  stay safe and healthy in thses crazy times   thx again
Thank you for your time. Stay safe and well.
Thanks.. Take care and stay safe!!
yes it does.  a ton.  THANK YOU. stay safe!
Hope you have a great rest of you're  day.  Thank you.   Stay  safe as well
thank much. stay safe and have a wonderful day
No thank you.  Have a great day and stay safe
No - you have been most helpful! Thank you and please stay safe!
Thank you for your time. I will look into the different websites. Stay safe and be will.
Thank you very much Ron. Have a great day and stay safe.
I appreciate your help and service and I hope your staying safe
Awesome, thanks again. Have a good afternoon. Stay safe.
Ok.  Thanks for your help.  Have a good day and stay safe.
No Timothy, you have been a great help.  Enjoy your day and stay safe.  Happy Holiday!
Thank you so much for tour assistance Oliver.  Have a good day and stay safe.
I think I am good. You have been very helpful and patient. Thank you so much for your time. Happy holidays and stay safe.
Ok thank you you have been so helpful  stay safe
No I dont think so, thanks again! Stay safe
please stay safe and have a blessed day !
No, that was all. I appreciate you trying to help. Thank you, and stay safe.
ok thanks--have a good day and stay safe!
Ok Thank you so much. Have a wonderful day stay safe.
thank you so much.  have a great day and stay safe.
Thank you- this is very good info. Have a great weekend and stay safe. :)
stay safe and have a nice rest of the day
Thank you. I will follow-up with what you've given me. Please stay safe. Thanks again
This is helpful. thank you very much, stay safe
Thank you so much! Please you, and your friends and family stay safe
Have a good day. Stay safe. Thanks.
It's ok... You found info I couldn't and that's a help.  Have a wonderful day and stay safe.
Have a great rest of the day and stay safe.
Yes thank you for the number and link. Have a good day and stay safe and healthy
no you’ve been great thank you so much and stay safe🙏🏽
Thank you so much ashlee I hope you stay well and safe in these times
Hi, thank you so much and hope you're safe and healthy.
Thank you, Cara, for your assistance.  Stay safe. Have great evening.
Do I have right to stay here, safe with my mother in law?
thank you so much for your time. please stay safe and healthy.  thank you for this live chat.
I appreciate your help thank you. Stay Safe
Thank you. Have a nice day and stay safe.
Got it ... thank you so much. Stay safe and keep social distancing!
ok, ty, take care, stay safe
I appreciate all of your effort blessings to you and your family please stay healthy and strong and practice hand-washing and safe distance...
Tks will try u stay safe TKS
Ok, understood. Thanks for your time today Aline, stay safe.
That’s the only concern that we have. Thanks again, have a great day and stay safe.
Thank you so much Emily. Have a nice day. Stay safe.
Ok cool. Thank you so much for your help. I appreciate it. Stay safe
No, thank you again and have a great day. Stay safe
No, that's all for today. I really appreciate your help. You stay safe
Have a wonderful night and Happy Holidays! Stay safe
Ok...great! Thank you so much. Stay safe and healthy! Have a wonderful evening.
No that is it thank you so much You've been a wonderful help stay safe and have a blessed day
thanks so much again please stay safe
Hope you n ur family staying safe n healthy
OK.  Thanks for your help.  Have a nice day.  Stay well.
Thank you again! Have a great day and stay safe!
I am going to sign off now. Thank for helping me, Jaime. Stay safe and well.
Ok. Thank you very much for your assistance on this matter. Have a great day and stay safe.
I'm OK with what you have sent. Stay Safe!!!!
Not at this time. Thank you for your time and stay safe!
