please let me know my rights here because this seems completely unfair and inappropriate
do you know anything about completing general form 17 for visitation rghts?
Hank you and I have a case from Pennsylvania which form do I have to complete is it the same form you gave me?
I was on this site earlier, but cannot find the form to complete.
I kinda have the form completed but wanted someone to review it before submitting
No.  When she called Family Court earlier this week, a representative told her that she needed to complete an order-of-protection first.  Is this correct?
Just in need of help completing form and knowing what is meant by terms on a court form
Any advise on my grievance letter? I am just so far stating the facts of their non communication and ill preparedness and complete incompitence
also from the link can. I print out the divorce packet and start completing on my own
want to send completed Modifcation form need help
I would like to m ow how can I get any source of how to complete a custody papel
I need help in getting and completing the forms for: answering foreclosure complaint
Hi. I have completed my petition for modification. How do I upload it onto the NYFC site so it has been filed with the court?
Or after they complete basic training and are actually enlisted?
His father didn't paid all completely, and he have retroactive payments
No I am not. Do I print them or fill them out here.Aso where do I go to submit completed forms
JWhat form should they complete to remove them from this burden?ulian,
But i was uneble to complete because its impossible to to talk to the person
the job is supposed to be completed by july 13th, but it's not possible, since he hasn't started
The email continued to say that if we wanted to continue with our request, we would have to have our Dr. complete this additional form
But generally, you would wait for the user to leave and then complete the wrap up survey.
How do I complete an orc for a modification in a custody order
i completed the form and print it i need help on where to send it so i can get an appointment
I am familiar with completing the forms and do not want to go through the simulation
I don't think the court should be mandating anything because it's completely baseless.  I know you can't comment on that.
I'm trying to complete the online forms
I need assistance in completing the form. Is this a form completed by me, or a judge?
He has a business and has repeatedly delayed coming to complete this fence work
Ok. So to recap, I would complete another modification form (GF-40), attaching the GF-1 forms, correct?
I understand all of that completely already. I don’t think you have the information  so I will kindly digress
Am I able to come into court and complete my petition?
99% of it is completely coherent to me, but there’s only one paragraph that I feel is unclear
i just filed online and completed the forms however when i went to print i got disconnected from the page
This pay is not wages due but my commissions on the sales I had completed.
I would like to locate forms to complete and take to court for EMERGENCY TEMPORARY CUSTODY
can you send me the pdf link to complete forms?
I went to some of these websites, I am confused on which form to complete for my situation.
Am i going to be transferred or do i need to do anything to complete the transfer?
Baby was premature and is completely bilaterally deaf
Job was completed in full and costumer paid cash
how can i get a copy of the forms i completed on LawHelp
i just filled out support modification form how do I sign it electronically thru system so I can send completed form
how can i submit a petition online for custody and visitation once form is completed?
I looked at the site with the forms, but I m confused about the form to complete.
I don't need help completing the form, I just need to locate the form I would use to file for an initial custody agreement.
what forms do I need to complete an adoption dissolution
Yes, pardon my ignorance but I’m completely unsure what to do or who I would even need. This my first charge ever.
I am trying to retrieve a form that I have completed but have not been successful.
Hi, I'm on with Asia Hodges - is there a reason she doesn't have the blank forms for the documents she needs to complete?
21 in August. Are there diy forns to complete termination.
Is it better to use the online program to complete the Modification Petition?
Thank you. I was able to obtain one from a different court with no problem. However this court handles everything completely different.
Can I get a copy of my order via email as reference in completing the modification form?
In completing  Small Estate DIY (Do-It-Yourself) Form, do I need to list bank accounts that are specifically titled POD (pay on death) under ASSETS?
Also the lease was never finalized because work was supposed to be done in the house and he hasn’t completed everything
She needs legal assistance to walk thru steps and complete forms.  She cannot afford to hire a regular attorney due to cost.
What should i do, if i do not have the mothers address and contact information to complete on court forms?
i want to fill out a paternity request im not sure if after the dyi form is complete i need to have it notorized
Thank you.  I can't submit the completed paperwork myself?
I want to know how to complete the process online
It’s a violation. But not sure which petition to complete
My husband has completely disappeared and has fallen off the face of the earth. No one knows where he is, and hasnt known in years
The gentleman at the courthouse today told me that once I complete the form, I can directly upload it to the court's system..
so cool  thanks so  much  I will complete the survey!
HELLO. I NEED HELP COMPLETING SURROGATE COURT PAPERS FOR ADMINISTRATOR. PLEASE ADVISE!
I completed the DIY Custody/Visitation Modification Petition Program. Now I want to file it. How do I go about this?
once I complete the form, do I need to take it to the court ?
Hi! I went online and completed a form for support. I don't know if it was received, or if I did it right.
Upon reading in your website I learned I need to do a service by publication after completing a diligent search
My needs an honest attorney by his I make complete fund transaction from bank
the first form required is marriage settlement agreement. Once that is completed do I bring that to the court?
i already have that form. i intend on completing it today. How do i actually go about filing it?
yes, they are currently working on it but the project is a complete replacement. It will be out of service for some time
That would be helpful, I’m trying to complete the petition-custody form
Thank you. Under the coronavirus circumstances, I just don't know what to do once the paperwork is completed.
Thank you!  I cant find where to efile once I complete a form.
OK.  There are forms which I can complete on line ,  that's my understanding.
my landlord is completely ignoring me and I have a leaky sink
Which form do I need to complete for a violation in paying for medical expenses, as dictated by the divorce agreement
After I complete part 1, how do I access part 2 of the paper work
can you please tell me how I would know when foreclosure is completed
The extra added work was completed and I want to protect myself from any future contact
do the childs father have to be with me in order to complete it. we both know he is the father.
Hi.  I have completed my petition for modification.  How do I upload it onto the NYFC site?
i printed out the 18 page document but I am not sure if all areas or sections are completed accurately
I recently saw my daughter and she is completely brainwashed
I understand that I have to complete forms and show proof of his death
Which DIY form would I complete then? Is it accessible online?
I need help completing a custody diy form
Thanks, and btw I’m off work completely due to Chemotherapy makes me immune compromised
ok thanks so do I just complete the form and print it out and mail it in
I've looked up my rights. And I am completely broke. But sure
I do not need an attorney, my affidavit is complete, just want to know what is the name of state court?
I'm not claiming injury, just failure to complete a course of treatment
once I send the completed forms how long until a hearing?
Hi I was served w/a petition for modification of child support for Queens NY. I am trying to reply using UIFSA-12 and need assistance completing.
is the gf 1 a form that requires completing because i have one and it is basically information
The Dept. of Labor is completely overwhelmed right now and I haven't been able to get in touch with anyone there.
i completed the application I just need to email them the petition
My wife and I need assistance in filling out a visitation petition.  Is there a website dedicated to completing these forms?
In the original order I still had my married name. However the divorce was completed.
I can try the emergency method. There is schooling decisions that I need to complete.
I already filed for child support but it’s a complete different matter here
what forms does one need to fill out and where should to be filed to complete an adult adoption
Do I have to wait until he officially completes school to begin the process?
My question is this: what form does my boyfriend (the father) need to complete and at what time in the process
I'm trying to find q form to complete a QDRO
But there's nothing except for a specific form that the referee is supposed to complete once the sale is concluded following the auction
hi the page for complete the form by paternity is dont work
It's a vicious cycle. If she doesnt submit complete control to her mother she does this
Oh I appreciate your help very much - completely understand!
The POA is already complete. I simply want to file it with the county clerk
That would be helpful, but where would she file the completed form?
Hello John, which DIY form do you complete if you need to submit for the first time a custody/visitation petition
once the separation agreement is completed, do we just go to a courthouse to file it?
I’m not sure if there is anything I can do about it legally, but I feel completely manipulated
(tetsushi - we are going to need to finish this another day.  can you complete this on Monday?)
i complete the do it yourself support modification self helper. I trying to email to myself
I understand their is a form that I need to complete and file at the court.
