I have a case where the jury threw out which would have set me free but the judge decided to reinstate the case
Offhand do you know if I can do e-z filing with this case?
I am going thru a custody case with my child's father
Need to find a mediator for a join custody case
Because those organizations are for worker's comp cases right?
I want to settle thee case before its goes to trial
I need to reschedule a case at the court on the 14
Do you know how long it takes for a holdover case
hE IS in australai THAT IS WHY i need the CSMS to set up the case in Australia
I heard that all court cases are postponed to January
The only one in my area says they wont take my case as they are short staff or wont handle my case
No. Sorry didn't make it clear. I have numerous cases pending in Family Court. Today's question is about my visitation case
We need help we have a case against dept of homeless services
no you mention to see the status of my case. if it was ever recived by the court
The division of human rights is where the case is being heard
Once my case worker left the company, I was somehow terminated from the program.
Does the state open it’s own separate case when a married spouse files a case
Also are NYC courts taking new cases? Do you know?
I guess my question is what rights do we have as her aunt and uncle in this case.
Can I file using Licensee Holdover case?
In the spot that says related cases, do I put my bankruptcy in there.
where can I find the amount of surplus funds of a foreclosure auction case in the files?
I want to know about a current case reopened against me
before carona virus restrictions I start case to change castody status. When Cort will reopen?
A case against a city agency hospital or program
Also on average in NYS how long does a custody case take, and are they currently doing  the cases with the recent outbreak?
Is this the right avenue, to ask for help looking up a family case - to obtain the case number?
Could he get custody if there is a case in court.
I am in need of legal counseling on a default judgement case
do you ever hear of cases where the male is wrong and still pursue?
It's because I plan to appeal and do not want custody terms changed until the appellate hears my case.
Help with a case involving child neglect.
What documents do I need to take when my court case arrives?
I just needed humans rights lawyers will take this case what will talk to me over about this case
My mom has an unfounded CPS case on her name. Is in possible to get this off her record.
Good evening I'm trying to get my case thrown away being that the original name on the case the person is deceased
the agent always saying the court is doing the essential case
It says related cases, I just don't know if my bankruptcy is considered a related case.
Hi I'm seeking legal representation for a criminal case
My case was put on pause for ID  I sent them in 3 months ago and case still on pause
What should I expect in IDV court (trial) for a custody case?
I need a lawyer for a case in C.I court on the 20th for a case from 30 years ago
I can track my immigration cases by using my cases number
i had a custody case that was dismissed without prejudice. Are the cause available again for refilling good of this type of case?
(im getting my cases mixed up!!) But she is 85.
But I don’t know how to present my case in court
that is for women. I am the husband. And she is the one that is having the affair in this case.
Hello. I have a case that's in queens. Child neglect case die to schooling issues
Im in Queens but the case is bronx court
pending criminal case need representation
I have a postponed rent nonpayment case and I wanted to know housing court is open for in person cases?
I have a case pending in Federal court in nj
and how long the paper will stay until the cancel case
as i said, i have filed the case,  and served the documents to the defendants. and the case status show pre-RJI.
And being that he is serving me with court papers requesting a paternity test and possible 50-50 custody is that case considered an emergency case
Or worst case can she put a warrant even when I was in the hearing.
That really isn't what I'm looking for the case has been closed for 16 years just need documents produced by the case.
do they offer help with filing eviction cases?
Hi, I had to appear on a court case for consumer debt on April 29 th , I was wondering if the court cases are ongoing
do you know approximately how long these cases take to be reviewed?
I have a court day eviction, and need help with my case
i have a pending relocation case how can i drop the case
Hi. How can I check on my diy divorce case?
I need an attorney who will take the case to recover damages and also punitive damages.
I am seeking information regarding removal of a case member from an HRA case.
my case was a very sensitive one but also tough
Hi Julian I wanted to inquire about how do I obtain proof that a child services case was dropped
Im confused. I was asked if i have an active case. Is it considered an active Cps case if im being investigated?
The case hasn't gone to court yet but soon it will.
the case is frivolous but i don't want to loose by default
makes sense, there are more urgent cases at the moment
She also just had cps evaluate her and they dismissed her case.
How can I sign up for email notification of any court filings on my divorce case
It's a criminal case and I'm the "victim," but I don't have authority to drop the charges
Which the case was dismissed at NYC office of Administrative Trials and Hearing
I had a custody case regarding my daughter from 2017 till May 2019 on St.Island family court and case was dismissed by the judge.
I have filed a case with court of claims. and my case status says pre-rji
I have a case in NYC and north Carolina trying to collect money from me from a case that's close
I am the plaintiff in a case and I won a default judgment in my favor
Hi, so i have visitation case pending its still in court
I am looking for representation to file an Article 78 case against The MTA
Which is why the standards of professional conduct are important in this case.
Uscis accepted the case at january and received letter from NVC at march 5th
I need a layer for an current case against my landlord. It’s a discrimination case
Also on average in NYS how long does a custody case take, and are they currently doing the cases with the recent outbreak?
Yes. Is a surrogate court case in s.i.n.y.
I currently dont have an address for her either I need to file violations and reopen the idc case
I have a couple of questions around my DIY divorce case (I'm the defendant).
She was born in Tampa, FL and he still resides there, in case that’s necessary to know.
II would like to know why my child support case does not qualify for COLA application. I have this case for almost 3 years now.
I’m hoping it is not, to avoid a delay in the case.
but im unsure which petition is actually needed for my particular circumstances and whether or not i have a valid case
only juvenile delinquent cases not support cases
both of the links ask questions about a previous case i am trying to start a new case
I need help with a workers rights case I want to file
I had already filed, my case is December 17
this is a custody case. now with the Appellate 2nd judicial dept
There is also another case regarding him threaten my mom with hammer
There is no death certificate yet and probate case hasn't been established
I really need help with someone helping me to take over my case and finish the case
Do you know more or less how long does it take for a case to be sealed
carla8899@msn.com this is my email in case we get disconnected
Do u know what website I can check my immigration cases ?
I need help for an upcoming custody case
I don't see the email yet.  So just in case, let me copy and paste the resources.  Hold on for a minute.
I had a case then closed the case but want to re open the case
Can I receive reimbursement or I have to pay in case lock problems?
So clearing an Indicated report still counts as a criminal case? Then how am I not entitled to counsel for the appeal hearing?
I need referral for New York lawyers who specialize in civil penalty cases like TSA imposing fines. Full description of case here: https://www.avvo.com/legal-answers/authorized/recourse-for-potential-civil-penalty-for-physicall-4611574.html
no, mental case from the Hamilton county job n family services,because Im epilepsy,mental or case
Hi Eliana good morning  my name is Rosa Galvan I has a court case and I need help with my case
i need help with a court case i have been proved to be unfit and want to clear my name
They communicate with a neighbor that I had a court case with in 2019.   Someone they know has endangered me repeatedly in the past.
Looking to get in touch with a free lawer with an ongoing custody case
Hi I need help appealing a cps case I had and was found indicated.
Her father has previously had an ACS case opened about him sexually abusing his older daughter (different mother), however the case was unfounded
I have a little baby with me. I need help with my divorce case and immigration case
Yes no one is taking NYCHA CASES
Come out of prison find out case child support case never was close
A case was defaulted against me as I never shiwed io in court
No one because in my opinion, they never dealt with a case like mine.
I would appreciate  that. I need to appeal 1 case amd be less in the right direction for the custody case
I am acting as my own attorney in a domestic relations case - post divorce qdro
I know I can win this case, no doubt, I just need council
I currently have a child support case. I would like to close the case. I'm not sure what form to use.
Case is in CO but after is complete orders can I move case here in NY and modified?
Are the courts currently taking new cases?
I Have case of 2 child one the child is 21 how. I take out of the case
I need representation for my on going custody case
the case in is in white plains my son lives with the mother since birth we had a previous case but settled out of court
I thinks thats all i can think of at the moment for my daughter's case. I have some about my son's case
The case has been "removed".  This means it is a federal case at this time.
I beieve there are 2 judgements on me one from each case
How can I locate my case number for my child support case
We literally just changed primary care giver. it's not a brand new case
This is required for Asylum case where I need a country condition expert
I am looking for the document to get transcripts from a court case
I’ve carried this case myself, which defeats the purpose of their services
we just want to know what court. because the case is uncommon
also, if I have Parkinson's, PTSD and anxiety can I get dismissed from the case
I am looking for a lawyer to defend my case. I am being sued from a personal injury case
And I don’t understand why do I have two cases when I only have one child
Is there a section you could direct me to so I can educate myself enough to form a case?
are these to initially file for custody or only for existing cases
Do you guys have legal aid that helps with criminal cases and cases against law enforcement for harassment?
My loved one is located in NJ but his case was from the federal souther district Nyc
Buffalo New York I got a case in 1988 I forgot what it my case was
Any other ones, just in case they can't take anymore cases as well
someone falsely accused me of assault and I was cleared of the allegations and the case was dismissed
It can be written transcript ....... It was a case for discharge from a hospital.....
I'm located in Monroe but the case was in onadaga
i looked they done provide help in my case
Thank you  can I  get someone  to fight my case for me
So i have two court cases for 1 child
I have a case originally scheduled on March 18
do they take court cases (rural) ? I only see rural
i thought this is vrey clear case not like other crimes but ...i was wrong
From path don’t let him coming join my case family from shelter .
I need someone who handles defamation or malicious persecution cases
I filed a case for modification a year ago, but the case was adjourned because of COVID-19.
I was provided a case number already for the child support case.
Because the 440 involves a misdemeanor on a criminal case which would they will not handle
Ohhhh I see.  So what are the plea deals for cases like these
Help with a custody case and a possible case with cps
do you know what kind of case this would fall under
I’d like to know which organization I can go to to appeal a case
Yes, I'm looking to get a lawyer/attorney for a court case that will be happening as the victim in the case
I have been falsely accused of assaulting a former case planner
Can i file thr case in the court now a days?
i need to know how to get my case on the calendar
Is it best or possible to start a visitation/custody case prior to a divorce case?
I'm in need of a lawyer that can help me with my case. My case was denied an now it's at the appeal council
Ok the custody case is for grandmothers. I am the grandmother
their sort of confused at s.s. because theve never had a case like this
also, do you know about how long it takes for the court to decide on custody cases?
It's a case about discrimination, conflict of interest, retaliation.
the Family Court has refused to set up my case in the Case Registry. We have no CSMS number
I need an increase and to add my other child to the case
How do I petition for a child advocate for my court case
hi , im the plaintiff in a dvoirce case , how can i withdraw form the case ?
i need to get my case on the calendar. how do i do that online?
I need to know how to find an index for a foreclosure case because I misplaced it
now the case is in probate at Queens surrogate court
I am currently preparing for trial for a custody case and can't adequately answer the complaint by the deadline
the dept if the aging is of no help, the various shencies do nit deal with accidents cases
do you know if anyone can help me with preparing my case
it’s on court records that nothing was true so that should also help my case
Cps case. Custody case arrest case. All 3 intertwine with each other
The only option to get custody recognized by the court is to file a case then?
I just want to how can I get a dna done of flies a case
I file for disability an my case was denied an now more case is being reviewed by the Appeal Council here in Greensboro Nc
