thankyou, I had a friend who used this site and she recommended it.  She told me there was a form she had to fill out.
Is it required or recommended to use an attorney for this type of adoption, or is it but too complex of a process?
Is there an attorney you can recommend? To help us decide if we want to appeal or if we want to vacate the default?
Can you recommend a pacific organization that would help with this
I have checked both Rochester and Buffalo areas and no one knew of any to recommend
I did it, thank you! Would you be able to recommend a lawyer?
Do you recommend any lawyer? I chose poorly last time
(I think that program has expired. also, just recommend adding a space in between the referrals too)
included was a default judgement and a money judgement all recommended by the support magistrate
I'd like some recommendations about organizations please!
Any recommendation on construction fraud in Albany  NY that works on contingency
thats the type of attorney i need. Who do you recommend?
I need to write a will can you recommend a lawyer in brooklyn
ok I’ll check out the last website you recommended
Great.  Yes it helps.  I’ll look at all.  Any recommendations for particular housing attys?
If there is one you would recommend I would be interested in finding out more about them
Hello! I was just wondering if there is a list of Social Workers the court recommends for a home study in manhattan?
I live in Islip NY who can you recommend I speak to?
I called the New york Legal Assistance Group for help as you recommended and there is no answer.
the friend is looking for recommendations on behalf of their brother that lives in Buffalo and was unsure where to look
Hi I need help with a QADRO preparation recommendation service and lawyer
Can you recommend legal help in queens? It’s at the queens criminal court
all three recommendations seem like good sources of information
DSS is recommending I file a diversion for placement/custody
hello: I was just interested in getting some recommendations for attorneys that are well versed in representing someone with a mental illness.
I dont know:( I will try the sites you recommended  !! Thank you so much!!
0n the NY AG site they don't recommend Lawyers
Yeah can you recommend a family court lawyer that won't break my pockets
Can you recommend an attorney? Or should I try filing a potion to modify custody on my own?
Ok I just phoned the office you recommended and their office told me they do not handle commercial landlord/tenant only residential
My attorney recommended me to find estate lawyer since my husband's death large amounts of money is gone and family repeatedly drugging me
Would you have a lawyer to recommend in Geneva NY
Hi I’m looking for recommendation for an affordable attorney to help with a situation I am dealing with.
Do you have a recommendation on where I could go tostart my search?
i don’t know what to do. I’m on the verge of resigning again. Is that what you’d recommend.
I need a recommendation for a medical malpractice/misrepresentation case.
You recommended legal services of the Hudson valley, and I said that they were the ones that directed me to you
It's not recommended to self represent but my son mother have hired a private lawyer. I dont make much money to hired a private one.
(since queens has so many, i recommend selecting a few that would match this person's situation)
Wonderful! Thanks! Can you recommend help with child support too?
Thank you! Do you have any other recommendations in case they are unable to help me?
If  this agency is not able to recommend an attorney,  which area or direction should we look
The order was recommended by CPS and Seneca cnty sherrifs, and will be against my wife
I believe a bill was passed recommending a combined form wit $5000 gift limit
excellent, so you recommend us to start firs with this contact?
Is housing court open to the public? Would you recommend efiling ?
OK, thank you for your assistance.  When you disconnect, will this page stay open so that I can refer to the above recommendations?
No. Thank you.  I would like to connect with the sites you recommended now.
Ok.  Who would you recommend to deal with this?  I believe my tenant rights have been violated.
Is it okay to use the services you recommended in the bronx
I am overwhelmed, but I need services recommendations.  Can he just stop support like that?
I think that’s it, is that the only resource you’d recommend?
Do you have a recommendation for a probono law service in Upstate NY
Ok thank you. I hope it will help. Anymore that you can recommend just in case this don’t work?
Do you know of any sites that you could possibly recommend?
(since queens has so many, I recommend selecting a few that would be helpful for this specific person)
Thank you very much..Also if I need legal advise for invasion of privacy within my property who do you recommend?
