I am looking for understanding around wording used in my divorce decree
Or should I upload as a word doc so youcan verify, correct? lol
ok, how do I go about finding out if they did or not? Do I just have to take their word for it?
you think you would help word and write the letter
My eyes is bad I see the words different I’m sorry about that
maybe that wording is more understandable cause its not about breaking a law
Sorry, when you use voice spell, the words sometime do not come out right. Instead of spell it was supposed to say for
It seeems ehen they heard the word Screi it scars them
Yes My eyes is bad I see the words different I’m sorry about that
Bronx defenders turned me down said the polygraph, that I passed was subjective, worDs  to that effect.
as it up to date - in other words after the corona virus ceased many operations
Where do I begin to look -- or key words to use -- to find out how to contest paternity.
I'm looking at the Paternity information and I would like some clarification on some of the wording.
All my food is spoiling and his exact words were if we had rent we can repair ASAP
Will do, Gabi. Thank you for your kind words. So long.
It’s just the wording of the questions that is confusing. I need them interpreted to laments terms
and my daughter not his got in the mix of it where he pushed her back from him and said curse words to her
words  when you tell someone how you feel because of something they did IS NOT ILLEGALL
Hmmm.  It may be.  I don't think I follow the wording though.
Yes I might need it in word so I can fill it out online
In other words, my attorney created a mess for me and i had to fire him.
I also faxed them the unemployment insurance request for reconsideration and have not heard back not one word that they even received it
Saying they have my address and even today they said obscene word over the call
In other words, is change of income SINCE THE DAY OF THE LAST ORDER is a pre-requisite for filing the Petition for Modification?
I just want to use the right wording and have a reference to send to her
Hopefully my mobile device has word compatibility. Yes, please send the link to the Adobe tool.
I didn't cut and paste but used her words
great thank you for your kind words and help!
It seems very simple. But some of the wording in there is above my level of education.
In other words the court isnt notified that she is either married joined Military or working fulltime
In other words would I be liable if any event regarding my child as far as safety and other legal issues .
In other words, does the POA give me permission to file an order of protection
the nycourts. gov website has an error inthe numbering of their word document. the PDF matches the version on your site
and is there any reason I should use the fillable PDF vs word? Am having difficulties editing the PDF
Also, is the word eviction correctly used in my situation?
but it looks like my job won’t be there and she’s putting words in my mouth saying I resigned
Sorry ... rambling but in other words I need to take care of this at the moment
basically all 3 parties agree who is the father of my daughter - we thought the stipulation with specific wording naming the father would cover it.
Would it be possible to share notes I typed up in a word document or pdf file?
Thank you. Your kind words mean a lot to me. You don’t know me but please keep me in your prayers.
We talked about conflict of interest, retaliation, word place safety
Im am a Sr. I have forms to fill out for my pension...I do not understand the words.
