he is trying to get custody but is unable to get the proper help. His legal aid isn't trying to help him.
Oh great.  Yeah I call everyday but never get through.  I will try these other resources. Thank you!
I have tried woman's justice and other organizations, they want to help and I qualify, however they are booked.
I am trying to get downward modification of support order but can’t seem to mail it off when finished?
it is to the point where everything avenue I have tried has failed
I tried to call them and no one answered but I’ll try agian
sorry here i am again it’s not in my email maybe shd try again
And once I try to modify my payments, would that allow me to reinstate my license
i guess I need to try and get full custady
Am actually trying to get representation for my fiance who is in jail
I am trying to figure out where my stimulus check will go
I tried those so far  they do intake on certain days.
i tried calling leagl aid in queens and i keep on getting a busy signal sine 11a.m today
meaning 50/50, but he tried to get all of them even my name is clearly on deed
I tried to do a search for a lawyer but none came up
I try tht befor they can't really help me
They tried to persue fraud however the statute of Loma had passed. Is tgere assistance with identity theft and mortgage fraud
I’m trying to find out if my divorce has been finalized yet
but she never tried to get him the papers, if they are papers and just mailed to his old address
i was try to see if the courts can give the same lawyer
I’ve been trying to deal with HSBC on my own but very tough with them on phone
How would they help with trying to get a lawyer?
I’ve just been at such a loss on trying to figure everything out
I tried to download it couldn't if you could walk me through it from the app that would be cool
Im trying to leave my husband because of mental abuse and mental issues but hes trying to take my kids what do i do
I’m trying to see if I have a case or not with a injury that occurred from a defective food product
I’m trying to get a diy family offense petition
I tried doing a google search and couldn't find it
I don’t know how to get to the page I’ve been trying
i am trying to determine the nuances between guardianship or custody of a child
thank you will try Moday have a nice weekend.
Ok thanks. I am not trying to be difficult but I have tried almost all of these resources.
I'm trying to figure out what kind of support I need to seek for an identity theft claim that has been denied by a bank.
ok. I have no choice but to keep trying. Thx
I have even gone to the sheriff's department and tried to get their help but she's telling lies and making it difficult.
Don't hang up...I am trying to cut and paste it into a document!  :)
i am trying to figure out how that can be used against me when the whole country received an extra 600
apparantly there was a judgment entered in 2004. and now they are trying to renew it
I am trying to prepare for court but I am kinda lost what I need to have for when court comes through.
according to the rental company so I’m trying sue him
I have a quick question,just trying to see if I need to get legal help
No just trying to figure out how to go about addressing it formally
I am trying to file for a sex offender level reduction
he trying to get someone else to take over payments
I've tried legal assistance in Olean, they said to call them when I get eviction court papers and to try a personal injury lawyer.
1st i tried MFY Legal they do not help.
hey tried the lift it keeps hanging up is there anyway to get someone from lift
I am trying to petition the court for SORA modification from a level 2 to a level 1
I’ve tried everything possible I don’t know what to do
i am trying find help with writing  a response to an affirmation in opposition.
We have a divorce agreement but it's not the template the court wants it , I'm just trying to get this template to submit the agreement
it is for loan that I am paying, trying to collect a debt
My niece is under severe neglect with my brother and I am trying to looking into options for her
I’m trying to seek help for a divorce
I am trying to not lose my mind.. any good suggestions?
Hi I’m trying to disclaim a penalty from unemployment department
They trying to get me on wire tape not drugs was ever caught
Hey. I’m trying to figure out what form I need to file.
Point is im suffering, I struggle trying to have a normal life,she caused a lot of damage and I believe she should pay
So I'm basically trying to see if I can get it waived or at least adjusted because it's affecting my life big time
no not yet. I guess i will wait to see what she tries to do. thank you
Would bank try to keep ot?
hurt me.  I tried to get an attorney from Safe Horizons and Family Justice Center etc, all the same story
There line was busy so I was going to try again in 1 hour
Thankyou.  I need help with a timeshare I purchased and am trying to get rid of.
I wasn't successful, I tried to finish my unemployment application online it said I had too many tries
I am a grandmother trying to get temporary custody of my grandchildren
Oswego county trying to help wiywh u d house back log but seem more trying to help
i am trying to apply for dual citizenship and a certified copy of my parents marriage license is required.
I just try to ignore all of his attempts to engage in chaos and drama
Hi I am trying to file a complaint with a business that has not paid me
i tried to get custody back in 2015 but i had to drop the case because treated me so bad, i was a traumatic experience
Hi I am trying to log in to get my part A
i was referred by the legal aid I am trying to obtain a lawyer to represent me  on trying to obtain custody of my grandson
I do not need an answer tonight but just trying to network to see if I can ever find some help.
I have tried they say it is a conflict of interest but wont say why.  Been jerked around for over a year
I TRIED IT ALREADY BUT I SEEM NOT TO BE GETTING THRU"
Hi I’m trying to figure out how to upload my signed and notarized petition?
I tried doing the DIY and I got all the way done and it wouldn’t finish going through I tried twice
The circumstance is neglect, maltreatment and custody. How about if I try it?
Do you also think it would be good for me to try the legal hotline?
Hi am trying to get help with DSS overpayment case
I tried calling the creditor but couldn't get a hold of anyone
I am trying to figure out how to file for a legal separation
I AM TRYING TO DO A SUPORT MODIFICATION PETITIONER. AND AM HAVING ALOT OF PROBLEMS TRYING.
i guess i’m trying to figure out how exactly we can cross our T’s and dot our I’s here
It's a new case, am trying to get advise
I’m hoping it’s not one I’ve tried already
Thank you.Do I sue him and the grandmother....to try to collect for damages to my vehicle.
I am trying to find out how to report someone falsely claiming a dependent on their  tax returns
I tried but it did not get me to the right menu it put me to a “ rate this service.
So I was trying to fill out the questions that way but it stopped when i tried to enter the year 1978
because despite me being right, they can and will try to press criminal charges
Thanks for trying Olivia. Have an awesome day.
im trying to figure out how to file for college tuition help from my ex husband for my daughter’s tuition
are there any real-time resources to try and help her tonight?
The criminal case has been adjourned in anticipation of dismissal. I am trying to clear my name in the central register.
trying to find help with identity theft
thx anyway. I’ll keep trying. Goodbye. Sorry to whine so much.
I’ve tried everything I can’t get through
At this point, I guess not. I will use the resource you shared to try to get some guidance. Thanks again!
I am trying to find a duces tecum subpeona
Some racked up tickets in my name and I’m try to see how I can handle this situation
I tried this as well but no one answered . I would try more times
Only my father can give that to the court or I can try to get those reports?
I understand, thank you but I will try my union lawyer
I’m try to do a bankruptcy because i have around 25,000$ for a least almost 3 or 4 year
we all fear she is actively trying not be found or flee the country, it is very real possibility
I am trying to figure out what forms I need to gain custody of my grandchildren from their maternal grandfather and CPS?
I trying to see can I get custody forms online
Excuse me I have MS and I am trying to gather my thoughts
trying to get  help from than to fille out a NET WORST OF STATEMENT
I'm trying to think of any other questions I may have. You have been very helpful. I have a better understanding of the reality now.
I tried to have the case reviewed but the support magistrate refused to review it
I’m trying to Get my license suspension lifted
myliving sotuation I have a Tbi It’s hard for me right in class and then on the phone all day  trying get help
I texted you about 15min ago . About my brother passing and the restaurant issues.Can you resend the website again. I. Tried to save it
I am trying to find where I can see if there is a bench warrant for an individual
okay. I’m trying to figure out how to condense this and let it make sense
I have been trying to get it reviewed for FIVE YEARS
I tried to mediate the sessions but he refuses to cooperate
Tried to look for one myself, but just, wasn't succeeding
Let me try emailing it to myself. Can you give me one moment thank you
(my cousin ) but not Biologically trying to fight for custody for her
Of course it’s a bit uncomfortable because of my stepdaughter and some of his family who are trying to get under my skin
I’m trying to figure out how to get an emancipation form.
i am trying to straighten  out my name and get a passport
Hi Ashley I tried many times to get connected to the assigned lawyer but in vain
I still have no mailbox key he tried padlocking the entire box its so bad
This means so much to me for actually someone listening and trying to help me out
And xt ennant is trying to sue me says he fell through a hole in the floor
I have tried and  tried to get a  lawyer in  our area
Okay ty sorry just trying to find some direction.
Uts saying my session expired when I try to retrieve document to print
Sorry & thx - just frustrated and trying to find the proper channel before this backfires when he gets out of prison in 6 weeks....
i am trying to obtain this document for the purpose of acquiring dual citizenship.
I understand, I’m just trying to find the instructions specific to tuition.
we just came out of forebearance and trying to redo the loan
All I want is to be a father...Rebecca vigo she's trying to take that from me..
Thank you, Franklin. I will try later website.
Hi I am trying to get help with legal problems against my landlord such as illegal eviction,discrimination,Harrassment,Section 8 fraud etc
Ok great. I will try calling the Legal Aid Bureau of Buffalo.  trying to get the ball rolling for when things reopen.
404 error came up while trying to sign the privacy policy
Yea I tried calling them too. Thank you. I’ll try and email them.
i am trying to understand how physical custody can be changed
I’m trying to obtain my disposition from Riverhead court
Already tried first 2  they refer  me to you. I’ll try rural I guess.
thank you, so far i have delt with cover up. i will try
I tried but nothing came in recording it as to be near ceiling.
The same problem i will screen shot it and try that wat
We tried legal aid, they are not taking new cases due to being backlogged from Covid. They suggested we try this site.  :(
I'am so glad you're here to help. I was going crazy trying to find those forms
I’m trying to get help with a divorce
Can I save this page? I tried the 3 dots and that's when I lost the page?
Im trying to get information about a doc called certificate of non impediment (freedom to marry, single status affidavit)
I know I'm being vague to protect their policy, but trying to be prepared, hence getting resources for them.
thank you, I tried there and could not find a reply affidavit form
I will try them have nothing to loose at this point. thank you
He has a 504 and we are trying to get an IEP but it doesn’t look like he’ll qualify for services
