I am trying to start a roommate holdover case . I want to serve  60 days termination notice. I am looking for sample letter. Please  help
Do you have a link to this form? Believe it was called a "notice to hear cause"
To what degree can a hotel evict a guest on a moment's notice?
I had a notice of non payment stuck on my door, it states that I have to go to the landlord-tenan clerks office.
I have notice from my own parents about a ten day terminationation of License and notice to quit
This person has received a termination notice, and wants to know if he qualifies for legal counsel.
is 90 day notice 'in process' or does that occur with court date?
I am looking for information regarding termination notices
where can i get termination of notice form to start a handover case
I am having issues with my landlord, who had his son serve me fraudulent 3 day eviction notice
I know it’s short notice but I’ve been searching for help for about a week now to no avail.
Can she evict me without a 3 day notice or
Hello my daughter has a repayment notice for ssi and trying to figure out if she can get a waiver
Does my landlord have the right to require 3 months notice from me before I move?
Can I file an article 78 against nycha aftering being sent and given a 30 day eviction notice.
But on the other hand why mention 45 days notice if the lease if for 1 year
I filed in October and I just received a defect notice saying I need third party. Validation to prove adultery.;
I'm currently dealing with a holdover eviction notice from my landlord, and I'd appreciate any general information you can give as to what to expect?
I have 10 days notice and it already past 4 days
a notice to quit. Or rather eviction paperwork.
I recived a certified mail today from  my landlord, it was a 14 day  notice to pay back rent or vacate
IM GOING TO GIVE A 15 DAY TERMINATION NOTICE TODAY, IS THIS THE RIGHT PROCEDURE BEFORE PUT PAPERS IN THE CLERCKS OFFICE
i want to get a notice of termination for my daughter?
The PDF says rent increases of %5 or more require 30, 60, 90 days written notice
Hi. I have a shut  off notice from Con Edison. What kind of papers do I have to bring to hra
One other question, if he accepts rent after the 14 day notice to evict, what happens then?
You notice that the system in place does not provide the forms nor access to an Office!1
I received an eviction notice last week
HI I GOT A HARARASSMENT EVICTION NOTICE
I received a notice of petition today pertaining to my eviction. I dont have a lawyer, nor the funds to obtain one.
Hi if I give my job 9 weeks notice (city /union job in nyc) can they let me go after I give notice?
Is an eviction notice legal if it does not have the docket number on it?
so she got a notice from the dept. of buildings and she wants me to move out asap
Would you know how to file a notice of claim against NYCHA? Thank you.
The letter of execution only says ( This execution is binding until further notice
I received a summpns with notice action for divorce
Do they have phone. She never send me a 3 day notice or serve me
Landlord hasn't served eviction notice but a letter stating she is giving us 90 days to vacate
I received a 10 day notice to cure about my apartment
My landlord sent me a notice home to vacate my appartment
I want to file a NOTICE OF APPEAL with family court
AND NOE THEY SEND ME A NOTICE OF HEARING AND BEFORE THE HEARING I HAD TO SUBMINT A FORM CALLIIND NET WORTH OF STATEMEN
We got a notice to quit evection on friday
I need some help in filing a response to an eviction notice from the landlord
yes, I received an eviction notice last week
I'm a disabled received montly check just me and my son. Now I have received notice of non payment
Well the 14 day notice can he sue without giving me one? And also on the court papers it's a different amount than my rent
Hello, Diana. I need to file a notice of claim with nycha.
thank you, what about deadlines on filing notice of appeal?
I have a shared commercial space and the person I share with just received eviction notice
I served the copy of judgment with notice of entry after 20 days I got the divorce. Is it a problem?
Thank you Ashley. Do you have any advice on what I should do with the notice he has left. Plain white envelope in my mailbox.
I live in nassau County and received a notice of petition today for an eviction
It is such short notice, and I have a little one on virtual learning etc.
I received a notice of eviction in the mail yesterday
I need help; I'm trying to locate and complete a "Notice of Termination" - Roommate Holdover Petition.
I am a caretaker of family member with dementia. The SS notice of repayment slipped by me.
I am seeking help on do I have a right to file a complaint about not receiving adequate notice of the foreclosure.
I need - Roommate Holdover Petition (Notice of Termination) form.
I just recently got my paycheck and I noticed a child support discount
whether I am entitled to a 30, 60 or 90 day notice
They are trying to evected me they gave me a handwritten notice.
I was just served with 7 day notice of termination.
I am furloughed and behind on my rent. I received a notice to court.
I've just received an eviction notice and don't know where to go to . I need assistance
No I haven't but I filed a claim of notice with Albany ,NY
I got a denial notice from my insurance company and I want to dispute their decision
I have received a ten day notice to cure
I found the notice outside of my door this morning.  Never received Any other noticed by mail
I never receive a court notice in mail
where can i get notice of termination for a roommate who is not in my lease
Hi, I was given an eviction notice from my landlord. I want to know what I can do.
She says this lets us leave with 45 days notice even thought the lease term is one year
I haven't received anything since the initial notice of foreclosure
I owe back rent, and now I got an eviction notice
I would like to work on a Notice of Termination form for a roomate
They sent me an eviction notice. We go to court today
I received a foreclosure notice on my moms house which me and my brother are in charge of
hello I need help with an notice of  eviction I just had a baby a month ago help
Good afternoon I need help paying my back rent received a 14 day notice never received notice from my application I filled out
Whats difference between 30 day notice and eviction ?
I have a permanent disability and I have been served a subpoena restraining notice
we were there on sep 15 as per notice outside
My landlord gave me my one months notice on August. 5 , to be  out by September 1. Shouldn’t it be september 4?
the landlord gave us notice this Sunday that passed that we only have 2 months
No. They put notices on all of the doors in my building. It is an annual inspection it states on the notice.
I received documents stating I have 14 days to leave the place I live BUT I never received a dispossess notice is this legal
I would like to start an eviction notice becuase I know it will take several months
Asserts a 2 month notice.  But I was never told this and signed nothing.
If eviction  notice gave fourteen days to be evicted and they received payment before Fourteen days are up
we have received a 10 day notice for proceedings in court to leave the premises.
Hello, thank you for your time I got a notification for a notice of petition against me in the house I'm living
Hello. I live in NYS. My landlord just gave me a 30 day eviction notice because he needs to fix the waterworks.  Is that legal?
My daughter just received a 72 hour shut off notice for power. Her heat is electric. Can nyseg shut it off in this weather
Is there a standard restraining notice document? Also, Bank Levy and Exemption document?
Notice of termination with no pay for two weeks
I recieved a notice saying i had to comply within 10 days but they towed it in 3 can i sue them
That is what this notice is but I've got proof that their amount is off by 2,000 dollars from a notice they sent me last.
Oh hey, found the notice of appeal form! https://www.nycourts.gov/forms/7jd/Notice%20of%20Appeal.pdf
Can I send and serve legal notices in July then file with the court 9am on Aug 21?
forms for notice for termination for a handover case
They cashed Social Service check and now gave me the notice
Not sure if I need to take further action after all rent was paid  to the landlord  after the date on the notice of eviction
notice of petition non payment dwelling
They have been harrassing me since the landlord gave them their notice.
Hi I was served with a 10 day notice
I'm sorry so basically the noticed to vacate w/in 90 days is invalid  as of now?
I just received a letter that until further notice I will have to wait for more information
Hi how u I writing to find out if I can get legal help for my eviction  notice
Then I got a notice of continuance to submit records/materials related to an arrest back in 4/2/2004
my mom missed an appointment in Brooklyn and they sent us a eviction notice
well I’m going to be receiving a eviction notice soon what should I do
notirised notice was served to roommate asking to move out
it said a 10 day holdover notice.
I have an overpayment of approximately $4500 and filed a new claim. I noticed that my days are being forfeited
Please take notice that upon the annexed affidavit of
what date could I first send a formal notice of lease termination in order to start eviction on August 21?
I was given a 14 day notice that services were being decreased. Not enough time to gather paperwork and letters from physicians.  Thank you.
The due day was today so I sent him a 30 days notice letter yesterday saying I will leave the aprtment
The person was removed since then, but now 18 months later I receive a preterm notice
Even if it gives 14 days on the notice it's a court document
I'm seeing an independent living organization tomorrow. The notice is for vacate in 30 days. Amazing after more than 20 years.
Yes I know it’s short notice.
and the notice had to be served certain way seems like im comfused or either the city Marshall and/or Judge have misleading information
Is it legal for me to be served eviction notices before august 28th
I was served a 14 days notice on 27th
I received a notice in the mail that I am ineligible for a cost of living increase when I never applied for one
The 30 day notice is up on a storage shed is it legal for me to padlock it an claim it for my own
Thank you I specifically need the procedure for breaking lease. I know about providing 30 days notice and documentation of OP. Is. There anything else?
I gave more than a month notice, requested the move-out checklist and scheduled a walk-through
I received a 10 Day Notice To Quit. Can my landlord throw my things out?
Landlord  demanding to inspect w/o much notice.
Yes, the notice of intent is to sue for wrongful death within the court of claims.
or do I have to fill out a "Notice of Entry" form and sign it in front of a notary?
I THINK NOTICE HAS TO BE GIVEN SOMETHING LIKE 20 DAYS IN ADVANCE AND PERSONALLY SERVED. JUST LOOKING FOR CONFIRMATION
to see court docket  to see if landlord fild an eviction noticeor any other notice
I have been paying rent to the owner of the building I am living at through subletting. I just received a notice to quit.
When serving notice of petition and petition. Which is served first , notice or petition
I received notice of non-payment, basically eviction
