I want to file a petition in Bronx family court
I will and do you know in family court who pay for the expert witness?
Hi my name is shenice Do you deal with family court child support cases?
what is the normal procedure to ask for temporary child support in family court?
Petition for Modification of Order of Another Court / Family Court (Support)
It's a family court matter. My boyfriend has filed for temporary custody and I want to fight this
but it is through the Court, I do not want the Court to be involved I wan tthe court to be reviewed.
not in court at the moment. It would be Rensselaer county family court
I am trying to file custody in the Bronx family court house
No thank you. And can I just walk into family court and ask to see someone about getting guardianship
I have court today at family court in Brooklyn and forgot what time my child support hearing is
I’ll call family court. Your giving me to much information I don’t understand
My mother spoke to someone by telephone.  Is it better to go to Family Court?
I have a court case already in brind family court my lawyer does not communicate with me and I need to file
can i file for physical custody in family court?
Are they on line?  Going to the family court building would be a burden right now.
But I need assistance for myself to apply in family court for custody and visitation
Can I just. Contact the support office or family court
however I will be honest that through family court I do have a court case(s) running already
What about a lawyer who would go to family court with her, replacing the horrible lawyer that she has now through family court.
I'll just go to family court and if I have to go back I will
I’m at family court now located at 60 Lafayette
So filing online isn’t available for family court
I DONT SEE AN OPTION FOR FAMILY COURT
That was on the family court information sheet but I guess That is for bk only ! Thank you again
I cant get anyone on the phone from yonkers family court
Ive had family willing to take my son but they wont place him with family
Need a female attorney for Bronx NY Family court
I need to find a family court lawyer I have no money though
so I can't search family court by name ?
i manually write on this form and hand it in to family court?
i have a visitation case in queens family court
Family court in 330 jay street,Brooklyn,Ny 11201
I am looking for a form to file a subpoena for records in an upcoming family court trial
Can I find out who is on the schedule for family court for monday december 2 2019
Okay so do I have to call family court that’s in Brooklyn ny record management office? And would they send me it
We went to mediation and have an agreement but it was never filed in family court
Trying to find a lawyer for family court
The Family Court website says don't use EDDS for emergency petitions is that not the case based on the letter?
And the filing I am looking for is for the appeal to the AD, not for Family Court.
am I able to go to the family court building?
yes I need to file affidavit of service with westchester family court
Where can I find a family court attorney in Yates county?
DA office. Family Court. Attorney General of NY.
This the family court of the state of NY right
Is there someone at Family Court who could provide this information?
need a video on how to file through the EDDS process, for family court Brooklyn, NY.
I need family court help. Changing visitation.
child support case, family court. I’m the petitioner
In regards to contempt of court. Divorce court
yonkers family court i believe or westchester family court.
I have court on 10-23-19 @9:30 a.m. for a petition I filed in family court central islip for custody & visitation under a change of circumstances
my divorce stated i needed to go to family court to contest anything.
could you have contact Queens Family Court  email ？
also I had filed back in Feb in family court
This would be for an illegal eviction not family court
We just went through almost a year of family court. Final order was entered 12/04/2019. It is paternal grandfather.
Filed the petition in Jan. 2020 and I live in Queens but the case is in SI family court
i need help with a family court issue
from Nassau county family court in order to file, the court house’s are close
Family court - custody and child support
Hi Ashley , before the outbreak I had went to family court for child support.
I need the violation forms for Family Court
Erie County Family Court @ 2pm 01/14/21
Right but it doesn’t say which family court it must be...
Family court order. . I never married her mother
ok  would have to maybe petition  family court im thinking
I got a letter from family court saying I had a postponed court day Monday March 30 2020. And it's been post poned
great- what about the petition for family court as well?
I need a family court lawyer for visitation
Yes, where can I find the number for bronx 's family Court.
It's a family court change of circumstances petition (GF-40)
Family court petition form 17 for custody
I will like to stop my procedure in the family court
Bronx family court, for child support.
I am seeking legal help for my case that I have in family court
No, thank you. I'm going to look more into family court.
Family court drills to a not in service number too
Thank you.  The court assigned CDRC mediation before court.
I just out my paperwork to do modifications of court am I supposed to mail it or drop it off at Family Court
second i wasn't here when she filed the case at family court that time
Am I able to file now in family court or is it still postponed due to covid? In what phase will family court open up?
i thought so but the Bronx family court said I have to go to Westchester county.
for example, i know queens has a family court.. it would go there?
i need information for families trying to bring their families here to united states
You are about to begin: NYS Family Court Support Modification and Violation/Enforcement *diy
Can I file a petition with family court to have this done?
I was calling the family court in goshen ny
I have to go back to idv court becuase that's where I last was....I wasn never released from the idv judge to family court
I have a file number in Columbia county Family Court.
Hello I’m Raymond w denis I’m looking to get all the information from Oneida county family court
I have been trying to contact family court and no answer
Is there a staff attorney at Albany Family Court?
No divorce. Will pursue visitation through family court
I am looking to find an attorney specializing in custody/visitation in Saratoga county that is respected in that family court?
single family and multi family I can get the information to bid on
This is for a child support matter that is scheduled in poughkeepsie family court on 1/28
awesome is this all i would need to do to apply? do i mail it to my local family court?
Called family court? Sounds like you may not live in Nyc
I have came from family court but they do nt let me go in
So I have to go to family court in order to start the petition
i called family court near me and they said i would have to go to a another court
I am trying to e file a new case in family court however the system cant seem to recognize my court order for visitation
I’m having a hard time with family court
Lyons family court wayne county
A family agreement not involving court documents
Oh ok I see so i will have to go to family court to fill in the paper then
This is a custody case in Queens Family Court
I'm trying get some answer from my Lawer about my family court case and how to go about it
can i may a Custody/Visitation Modification Petition to change the custody/visitation order in bronx family court?
Also, a family offense petition, If you don’t mind?
I am going to family court for custody of my oldest. but the dad scares me and I need help.
can you explain as to what you mean when you say my optionsn in family court
Yes family court in monroe county
family court in central islip ny
I need help with a family court case in regards to child custody
Not sure but think it may have been monroe county family court
yes i have a parenting agreement though NY family court
yes family court custody & childsopport
Which court they need to go to or what kind of court they need to go to.
I applied for custody in family court and I need a attorney that can help me
Yes I have an active custody case in Queens family court
Trying to find the lawyer paper for family court
family court and criminal will be against if a non family was in
I'm trying to see if I can get some family court records
I need an attorney for an upcoming court case in brooklyn family court. custody and visitation
Where do I mail a custody petition for Bronx Family Court
Can he petition family court on my behalf as well?
Is there any lawyers that would do payments for representation in family court?
I contacted family and surrogacy court and they could help me
i need a family law or family defense lawyer to represent me in a court case.
i have an up coming family court case on Monday for child support
I really need someone to go to court with me
I don't need a lawyer, just information from the family court
It’s a NYS Family Court issue
is the family court accepting new child support cases
I cant download custudy papers for broome cou ty family court its a emergency case
Looking for agencies that assist with guardianship. Also, what is status of family court in the Bronx. Are cases going forward
My question is of a family Court matter involving child support
do you know how to get transferred to family treatment court?
I have several questions concerning family law/child support
I am in Dutchess county family court and it is a custody/Visitation matter
That discusses Family Court. My order is from Criminal Court
Is it possible to take your parents to family court if they refuse to give you all of your documents?  Such as passport
Family, I already have a court order however I just need a little clarification
I need help finding council for a family court case.
Can i have the help number for bronx family court
How do we know which court to go to concerning an adoption? Is it surrogate's court or family court?
and the number where I fax it to to ulster county family court
I went to family court in brooklyn october 1st
The appellate court is separate from family court correct?
Family court ( hon Susan m kushner) of 30 Clinton av
😩 thanks. So Brooklyn family court
the case is in Nassau county family court
Can she call the administrator or family court and explain what is going on
I think we should be transferred to family treatment court
i am looking to petition to see my daughter for family court
Could you explain me where I should go? I believe I have to go to family court and file order of filiation ?
ok.   where can i get some free legal adivce for family court
Do you know if family court is reopened for live cases?
I was in family court in January  28 2018, and I need a copy of the transcript
there are two family courts in the same county- how do I determine which one?
I have a court order in place. Family court. If the other parent violates this. What steps can I take?
Ok ?4 u if I went thru the albany county family court will they help me with this
I have a question about a subpoena in a family court case that isnt mine but I'm being dragged into
i have to go back to family court in january  for m y son who is 14
i also need 2move and change location this apt is not safe for and my family
I tried calling the family court in Yonkers Westchester County with no sucess....
I'm looking for information about how to go aboit filing an article 6 in family court
Hi i need a family court attorney I currently have a family court case
I am looking for a family court lawyer to help with a child custody case.
Yes i would like information on whether i need to go to the Bronx Family  Court
Can an immigrant file Standby Guardianship papers in Rockland's Family Court, or is another court in charge?
Basically dose the petioner have to file for criminal court / family court at the same time?
Ok. I’m not sure why it says family court. I wouldnt think adult matters were handled in family court
I volunteered with Santuacry for Families, helping with protection order filings at the family court in Brooklyn
One more question what is an article of the family act?
it was done in nassau county family court i believe
i need information on a family court lawyer for l ow income
I need an attorney in the bronx family court for representation, how can you help pls?
Can I still use the form for Richmond county family court?
Ok great who takes it to court can i or we take to family court clerk or does it need to be a judge?
Yes in family court in 151-20 Jamaica Avenue ny
I ordered my custodial certificate from family courts archieve. It should have been ready for me to pick up.
I have two brother on active duty with families and all of us have families except two and we cannot be liable for this.
Isn't custody, visitation and child support all held in family court?
I have a trial coming up in family court because th
I am looking for information on mean test for probono attorney in family court
What lawyer do i need to help track and return money that was stolen from a family member by a family member
Right but if you enter westchester three separate family courts come up
I’m not interested in a chat buddy. I want the number to Rensselaer County Family Court
How can I get copies of my court agreements made in family court?
My family and I need help in filling out court documents on a foreclosure case
i just call family court and said go to web site, that i still want to go to family
Yes it was done in Saratoga family court
Ok where do I find them online or do I need to go downtown to family court building
The arrearage order from the Family Court in Watertown.
He is violent and threatening to take my child and messaging my family to do so.
I want to flies a petition for my son on family Court EDD and I’m having a hard time on my phone
I am trying to get an emergency virtual Court hearing for family court
hello, this website does not seem to have family court decisions
I just need options cause family court just sides with her all the time.
do i do my petition online or i have to go to the family court
Pending case is for support.  Family Court
I need in formation about Family Court Visitation
To file papers in Family Court can I go to the Court or do I have to file online.
so i need to go straight to family court
should I file family court papers first or divorce court papers
soory, it was entered in the office of the clerk of the family court on 6/2/09
can you please tell me if warren county family court, has a meditator thru the court?
yes which court do i pick erie county  family court is not on here
i need to find a lawyer for family court
Good Morning, I have a visitation court orad a return court appearance to see family court referee: Lundy on Friday, April 17, 2020.
order against parent to child in family court
What is a hearing for control purposes in family court.
Do you know if family court is accepting new child support cases?
ok can you provide me address for suffollk family court
I am looking for help in a family court case my children are involved in
I need help filling out a family court custody petition.
Ok. Resources are better then nothing. Thank you. And can I file legal visitation online or I have to go in to family court
will this number give me updated information in regards to the family court
Hi I need advice from a family court lawyer
Can a father take a case to the Family Court if he wants more visitation than the Divorce settlement gave him?
And why do i need to go to family court to get the restraing ordoe aginst him.
I was just informed that i need to get a lawyer for a family court case that my name is involved in
NYC Family Court at 60 lafayette
They directed me to go the Queens family court
I am just trying to find a simple definition for the terms Family court order 251 and 322.
thn i started to keep going family court at jamaica more the 15 hearing
My daughter is being kept from me. What forms do I need to go to family court?
We have a court order out of Goshen Family court
Family Court in Central Islip, NY.
I was provided with the “City wide Family Court Matters” (646) 386-5299,by Child support hotline.
its' in White Plains family court docket #O-02420-20
i see that the earliest time to get court help is in late july at queens family court
I need help e filing a family court no contact order
hi scott my nephew is scheduled for family court in montgomery county ny , any idea what time court starts
I haven’t called family court or the coronavirus hotline
So I am trying to prepare for the "family court aspect"
Hi I am trying to get representation to help me with a family court matter.
Im looking for help from an attorney on a family court case
Family court searches seem to only have options for search by lawyer or court case number, which has not been assigned yet i think
this matter is already in front of family court
this is so much easier to figure out in family court
My understanding is that uncontested divorce with no children goes through Supreme Court, no family court? Why would I contact family cpurt?
Hello Alisson, I am looking for an Affidavit of Service form for a Monroe County Family Court Custody case.
Nassau County Family Court I think in Westbury
do you think I can go to family court to get these bills covered by him?
I checked the family court schedule and would like to have some more information from experienced  expert. So I come here. Thank you ~
May your day as well be gentle and kind for you and your family.
Do I need a referral from Family Court to use your services?
Bronx family court is what I'm looking for
Albany County Family Court said I need to fill it out on the website.
Greene family court in Catskill, NY.
No I live in Brooklyn but my case is in queens family court
When will the queens family court reopen ？
If i was to go to Family Court Downtown Brooklyn would they have me doing the same steps?
I need help understanding the questions on forms for family court
is the location within the family court in queens?
hi I’m trying to efile custody through family court and I can’t find the link
Thanks! Family court, kongs County
Im looking for a great lawyer for a family court case
could i file for a violation online here for a family court matter
It does not say it is for criminal court so I’m assuming family court.
Can I file in yonkers and the bronx family court at the same time
Apply for child support here in the Bronx Family court*
I’m trying to find the form called “affidavit of withdrawal” for family court custody
would it be 4-11	Petition for Modification of Order of Another Court / Family Court (Support)
I have the petition for modification of an order of support made by family court in front of me
They are not in family court, sorry. I thought that this might fall into what you do.
Yes, all my cases are in Queens Family Court.
How do I go about filing a writ of habeas corpus in family court online
ok.  So would the family court have a record of how that was done?
Once a child turns 18 does family court still have jurisdiction
IS FAMILY COURT STILL HOLDING IN PERSON COURT HEARINGS?
Ok help me find the family court in westchester
Hi Rose can you confirm if the File # is the same as the case number for family court?
No need to resume looking.  To be fair I work for the NYC family court and I can't even get an answer on this.
How do we go about asking the family court in Onondaga County, if she can view these case records?  What is the process?
It is! It is filed in Westchester County at The White Plains Family Court.
can we still go to family court for child support and then go on uncontested?
I am trying figure out why child support not being release and though the appeal court had more power over family court !
I’m trying to file online for family court but I don’t see it on e-file
thank you its throw  ondndaga county family court
I need help finding an attorney for family court
I just filed two petitions for Family Court
:( I wish there was something I could do. What if his family gave my family covid?
No divorce never married. Through family court
My ex husband is in violation of divorce decree concerning my spouse support. I have filed a petition with Family Court.
i am looking for a petion viloation form for family court
Is Family Court in NY claims court?
I am in need for an Attroney in queens family court for custody for my child
This not what I need. is there someone in Westchester family court that can help
There is no active case in family court and I am unsure if a visitation order was ever created
that only has a link for active family court cases
I have been coming back and forth to tbe bronx family court for a year with nothing done
should i contact family court on this for filing order?
I want to find out how to appeal a final order from the family court.
Westchester family court Yonkers ny
I am looking to find an attorney for family court
the stay away order was issued by criminal court but they checked the family court modification box
i would also need to file for that to family court? or which court?
Hi Lucas I need to get a family court lawyer for a trial I have on the 18th of February
are the family courts accepting new petitions right now?
the family court modification box is checked
And where can I find this subpoena form? I will be doing it at the Brooklyn family court.
So the copy of my petition says family court of queens
custody and child support and that is family court
really just wish family court could help me
Famiy Offense Petition for Family court
What website can I file a petition in Bronx family court?
Do you support White Plains NY family court
Hi there, I work at a preventive program and am new to family courts
But then I called a hotline that suggested I go to family court and get an immediate order.
