Thank you. That link refers to another page but neither has specific instructions how to file
I've been on that page and it doesn't address my issue.  They referred me to you.
I don’t have debt, but they are calling and harassing me because apparently someone listed me as a reference
Because they did NOT fix it correctly or refer me to someone else previous to the initial work
I had assigned counsel for the related charge (adjourned in anticipation of dismissal), but he doesn't know and wasn't able to refer me.
all the information I have read refers to man and woman.  Not woman and woman.
All they ever did was refer me to people who  wanted fees past 30 minutes
Where are the NYS laws is there a different website i should be referring to?
they gave me no explanation at all, and they did not refer to any specific term in the agreement, no
Can you refer me to the legal aid to assist me in filing a petition
with reference to those figure I see those numbers for a family of 3
Question: all the above references are for people with limited resources (like me?)?
ok, legal aid of ontario county referred me to you because you could help
I was thinking of referring her to the NYC Bar hotline but wasn't sure if there were other resources she should look into
I need to find an legal advice/representative; I have websites addresses; I was told you can refer me to someone who handles such situations
Can you please refer her to someone that can help her with this dire situation?
I was referred to you by Janet at the pool victims services
I was referred to you about someone that was do to b released last year.he needs housing assistance
ok thank you i already have those references but was looking for any other avenues available
just one more question do you have any probono lawyers you can refer to me
I called a law firm and they referred me to the ny unified court system but the number they gave me is wrong
Thanks, that's helpful.  Will the references you provided help her take action to get the mortgage in her name?
I think that is all for now, I will refer to your links and get some more help with this. Thanks again!
My assigned counsel said he had no experience with appealing an Indicated CPS report, nor was he able to refer me to someone who did
is there a way i can save this chat for my own sanity in case I need to refer back to it?
For future reference, here is what I meant. I found it elsewhere.
can you refer for immigration law as it relates to Emergency Medicaid
I would like to know what site/page to refer to regarding Parental Alienation
I am not sure if the above link refers to people on SSD?
May I ask and you see if you can refer me to the right person
So what do I have to do to activate the referal? I'm interested in the legal aid one spacifically
Ok, can you refer me to a Family Law Specialists. Thanks
Basically just said that the hiring was contingent on checking references and background check
Thank you. I will refer my uncle to (lift) and his local family court
(For future reference, please copy and paste the contact information in addition to sending the link to chat users)
ive actually talked with both and been referred to the housing council both times.
Nobody, including NYLAG could find a place to refer me to.  They even searched menus
That would be great if you can refer me to someone else
thanks for the references. Is this a consumer protection issue aswell?
Ok. But all you did was refer me to another referral service, am I correct to understand this was the nature of this "referral"?
Do you have Medicare and Medicaid planing attorney Referal information ?
please let me know who i may contact in reference to the above request. Thank you
and/or refer to lawrence marks memos on court closures it's very clear
Some refer to it as being I like a Micah type program as well
yes   i will read the info but please also refer me where I can get legal advice
can you refer a free injury attorney from lawhelpny?
Possibly -- I would like to be able to refer her to one or more resources she could consider.
I am sorry, you are mistaken that attorneys referred by the state bar provide access to legal resource tools to individuals
I got a letter I need to know what it is in reference to
John said that “they will read the transcript don’t worry” Who is the “they” he is referring to?
Family Court referred me to you for assistance. I'm looking for a second opinion
I already called there. That office referred me to this website. THey do not handle this type of claim.
Several large law firms referred me to this website. They all mentioned the Live chat operator.
Interesting... especially since the judge referred her to your services specifically for this matter
Yes..I was referred to this site by a law office in Geneva
Maybe they can refer me to someone who can help. Thanks again.
well 2, if I call this number, would I be able to talk to you are reference this conversation, to expedite any future questions?
Thank you, I will be in contact. One last question. Are there legal forms available in reference to trespassing?
yes. is there a hotline or number i can have people call you in reference to immagration questions
section 5b(i) : would that be referring to the original visitation order that was given?
so I should contact either one of the referals first, right? I dont need to file it online yet?
So they weren't going to have me on the books, then my social worker insisted, so they referred to me (get this) as a "subcontractor"
I have dealt with it before and custody/parental visitation. I just wanted to know if there’s a lawyer I could be referred to
OK, we tried and will call back as the lawyer they referred was not able to take such a case
I am looking to be referred to a Criminal Defense Attorney.
Any information would be helpful. Or if you could refer me to an attorney that handles this would be great as well.
I need advocacy in Onondaga County. Do you serve this area, or can you refer me to someone who does?
Hi.  Question from Tammy -- are there lawyers LIFT can refer her to?
Hello! I was referred to write a consumer complaint, but I am stuck with the process
I found it pretty confusing online because most of what I found referred to people that were already students last year
I was disconnected to Augusto who was helping refer to some lawyers
Yes Hi Shannon. I was just given references for legal help from skmek e
I need a referal for a lawyer for housing court
That's why I contacted your organization. I was referred to you from a local legal service organization that doesn't handle these matters.
and I jsut say I was referred to ask for legal counsel?
Who do I contact in reference to immigration issue? is there number to call?
Hello- Can you refer me to an attorney who can give a free advice on a paternity issue
can u refer me please to the lawyers that may be free if I qualify
are all the above you referred legal help or they also provide therapy?
legal aid won't refer to an attorney
will pursue these references, thank you, and you have a blessed new year
I was referred by legal aid I won't pay for anything so if I have to them it ends now
No mark thank you I will refer to the links provided.
How much information should I give with reference to what the girls have been telling me on these documents
Could you refer me to an organization that could help with mental health criminal issues?
I live in a building that has rent stablized units. Mine is not.  My referator is broken for 4 days
If you don’t know - can you refer me to a quick free resource?
The court referred me to your office to look into assistance.
Last question: you just gave me a lot of great information. How do I save this chat to reference all of the links?
Legal aide referred us to this website for assistance
let me refer to one other form quickly one sec please
Okay, Are there any pages of reference for rights of specifically, parents with physical custody?
You referred me to the Syracuse University law help and they can’t take any new cases
Ok at this point no I will f/u with the references you provided
no problem, I would really like the opportunity to explain out loud before I get referred
I know the legal aid office. Do you know whether they do or would you have to refere me to them
Legal Aid in my area does not deal with criminal matters. They referred me here.
if someone refers you to the ny unified court system, is that the same as the numbers and info you have provided me?
I rec'd a information subpoena with restraining notice and was referred to you by legal aid
I will check that link but also need help preparing papers. PLEASE REFER ME TO A LEGAL AID.
If you happen to have the recertification form, I am specifically referring to page 8
I am making reference to the original agreement and referencing it on the new agreement
Hello I wanted to know if you can help refer me to a lawyer that can help me malpractice, someone stealing car insurance money
i was referred by lawnyc.gov saying I just tell u my information to help form a case
I wanted to speak with an attorney in reference to child support
All day I’m referred back to who referred me. Kinda a headache.
please refer a Medicare and Medicaid planning attorney
It was in the city in Brooklyn it's wasn't legal aid they ended up referring me to them
I have a reference number from vital records also
You're welcome. I would like to know if there are any probono probate and will attorneys you can refer me to in Westchester County
When you say "the following two" are you referring to the two you've already shared?
