That's through family court though, the order is through supreme court
so his lawyer filed divorce case in manhattan supreme court
Erie Supreme and County courts Chief clerk's office attention CCT
i submitted to family court but when i called they said they wont review this petotion because it was settled in supreme
Hi - I am trying to find information regarding amending a Supreme Court for automatic wage reduction as a result of an equitable distribution divorce settlement
A person was mentioned by name in court documents in supreme court without their knowledge. Is that legal?
Are there any templates for a civil complaint in the supreme court?
My divorce was finalized 11-2019 but in Supreme Court
i was just recently in supreme court and amended my custody agreement. wjy must this be handled in family court?
it does not appear vthat family court will hear this matter because we settled in supreme court
Okay, which court handles foreclosure, is it the Supreme, or civil?
one more thing my devotes states that its a supreme court devorse
Can I represent my son in a supreme court case?
And the supreme court just sent me a letter to defend myself
Was going to email questions to Supreme Court warren county.
It was most likely through the Supreme Court. I didn’t think the DIY program was available, but I was hoping I was wrong.
when i spoke to them at supreme court asking for a court appointed attorney they told me they dont do that
Do you know if the civil Supreme Court is open to file divorce
Need help getting a lawyer for the supreme court
if i go through an attorney is this then handled in supreme court?
and when I sued in Supreme court they stole my default judgment
So I had called supreme court in Schenectady an they gave me this website to try an get help..
Also I sued as prose in Manhattan supreme court
I just tried the first Supreme Court number 6463863600 and they hung up on me after telling me they “don’t know “
I have a judgement of divorce that was signed by Supreme Court but I never took him to court regarding this matter
I just want to know if we have to do an appeal because it’s in the supreme court
I think they go to state supreme court but again I'm not sure.
I think it is the Supreme court, and the records are sealed......
31497/2017E - Bronx County Supreme Court
I am trying to find my index number to see if my response was updated in Supreme Court evections
ok, do you know any legal help in supreme court?
i filed divorce in New York county Supreme Court.
Where can I print out any information for the filing in Suffolk Supreme Court?
Civil Term, Kings Supreme Court
I knew already that divorce would happen in the supreme court
yes it’s order by the judge in Supreme Court
But the application was rejected, stating I need to produce a NYS Supreme Court order for making parent's date of birth correction
And it's much harder for someone to get an attorney that's broke for supreme Court than it is for family court
Hi, I would like to sue my landlord and nuisance neighbor. I was told I could get an injunction at the Supreme Court.
Question: please let me know which papers are needed for Supreme Court in NY
Malpractice Filed in Suffolk Supreme Court
Hello, I would like information on how to obtain transcripts of a Supreme court case for a poor person.
The support case has been moved to supreme Court and the date has been set for 3/25
i want to know where to complain about a supreme court judge
Thank you. I am not sure if I can do it in Family Court if order issued by Supreme Court
I tried the Sullivan Supreme court but no one there was able to help nor knew anything
The Divorce is being done in the Bronx supreme court.
supreme court,  we have been to fam court, but because it is in supreme court they can't help
Please just help me know which court to address. Is it Family, Surrogate, Supreme, District? That's all I need
He filled a modification of support through Supreme Court
I think the first site is easy enough to navigate but I don't think family court will accept this if my settlement was in Supreme?
my  son  is  in  the  middle  of a estopped case  filed in  supreme court
I would like to know when will the Supreme Court will open
Hi! My question is can a person be mentioned in limine (SP?) in supreme court without their knowledge?
How would I contact the Queens supreme court. Yes please send tb
I require a NYS Supreme Court order, and need help towards this
and need a contact email for manhattan supreme court
How can I find a list of matrimonial Supreme Court Judges in NYC?
or do I have to finish the cases at Family court first before proceeding to get a divorce at Supreme Court
Again this is Supreme Court (Judge that handled divorce) not family court.
I have a divorce case at Nassau County supreme court
I understand the divorce is in supreme court, but you said child support is decided in family court?
need to modify child support and maintenance. Order issued by Supreme Court . Can I submit petition to Famaly Court
is it any chance to check my case status in Supreme Court ny?
Hi I received a letter from Supreme Court saying that a lawsuit may be filed against me
Would I be able to sent a letter to Martha explaining the situation to t the 100 supreme court drive address?
The court is St. Lawrence County Court in Canton NY and is held in Supreme court
it is about child support matter but for some reason it is in supreme court??
Supreme court of the state of NY, County of Westchester
what is the procedure to ask for temporary child support in supreme court? what document?
The case is in supreme court,.not sure if that matters
NYS Vital Records told me the court order must be from the New York Supreme Court
and it would be in the supreme court for the county where I was born?
can family court overthrow Supreme Court pendente lite ?
so  the  paper  work  is  different  in  supreme court  then
I live in fulton, but I will need to go to oswego supreme court for my stuff
in Queens Supreme court 3 million
mother filed in supreme today to bring the family court matter to supreme
do I have to submit a petition in NYS supreme court or NYC courts?
When I called the supreme court they said i had to send back a opposition paperwork
Supreme court orders and stupid stuff like this
I need an attorney that can represent me at a lower price. based on my income. the case was filed from Supreme court in schenectady
Appellate, Court of Claims, Supreme Supreme Civil, Surrogate's
Is that where I can get divorce papers from the supreme court
given the information at hand I think I would maybe like to pursue my case with the supreme court
My wife and I signed an agreement in court meany years ago in supreme court.
I would like to know when will the Supreme Court will open?
I would like to apply to Westchester country supreme court
it just give me supreme court , court of claims , things like that
looking to find paper work to file for non support that was issued by the supreme court.  cn not afford an attorney
I was granted a judgement from supreme court in January my lawyer has not filed the judgement with monroe county court.
Supreme Court of the state of NY County of Queens
but should i also file a petition online for the NY supreme court
i want to change it in the civil court instead of the supreme court
but modification can also go back to queens supreme court with the previous judge who helped to settle the case
do yu have forms for supreme court on this nycourts.gov site
not a housing court case. it's a case with queens county civil supreme court
queens county civil supreme court
Yes, please.  To note, this matter is in Supreme Court.
Yes, Appellate Court Second Div.  It started in Queens Supreme Civil Court.
Do I have to file my paper in Supreme Court or family court.
for denied overtaken application and apply to Supreme Court
I just want to know what does process mean when I search divorce documents in supreme  court website
Oswego County Supreme court and the supreme court justice and the
if I start the divorce process in Supreme Court I can’t do anything In the family court right
i file with the supreme court and they informed me that i have to file with family court
I am interested in Nassau County family court and Supreme court
No, court ordered by Supreme Court Justice.
my ex has put in a osc to the supreme court to lower his payments to support the court just emailed a decision and order
WHAT ID E FILING HELP CENTER OF QUEENS SUPREME COURT THAT SOMEONE WILL ANSWER
NY courts yes - Manhattan civil supreme
Yes, its Dutchess Supreme and county court.
is the attached document to complain on supreme court judge??
But do I need to go back to supreme court or family court
If I get a legal aid attorney in family court would they be able to help me with the divorce in the supreme court?
and Manhattan Supreme court one million dollars
my case was finalized in supreme court though
How can I stop a transfer of a case from family court to supreme court
Or should I file a separate claim in Supreme Court and file the Lis Pendens in Supreme Court as well?
the NYC department of Health dealing with vital records, says I need to go to NYC supreme court for this
dominique Conti and lawyer Npatr Thanesnant stole my 3 million dollars default judgment with the help of court clerks of NY Queens supreme court
Appellate Court   Court of Claims   Supreme Court
I want to file vacate a default judgement by supreme court
Court: Queens County Supreme Court Case Type: Matrimonial - Uncontested
There are errors on the file.  We need a lawyer to take the case back to the Supreme Court.
It is in my agreement, that I can ask for legal fees, but my lawyer says not in family court, only in supreme court.
Well, it sounds like you can't, but the Supreme Court clerk is not answering the phone.
Ok i just checked that link out its saying a surrogates court is that the supreme court?
It wasn't done through family court, that's the issue. It was done through Supreme Court.
AND WHEN I SUED IN SUPREME COURT, IN QUEENS NY THEY STOLE MY DEFAULT JUDGMENT
