Oh thank you sir and I appreciate you you give me your information thank you so much
That's OK I really appreciate your help. It  has been a tough few months trying to wrap my head around this.
OK I’ll try again I appreciate your help
Thank you very much. I really appreciate all of your assistance
Sorry for being all over the place and thank you so much for all of your help it's so truly appreciated
Thanks. Truely appreciate. I will review the information you provided me with. Thanks again.
ok ty for your time... much appreciated
I really appreciate your help. Thanks for all you do, Dennis
Thank you so much. I really appreciate it from the bottom of my heart
Yes ok thanks I’d appreciate that
Thanks for your time and I really appreciation the cheers!
Thank you so much for all of your help. I truly do appreciate your assistance.
Thank you so much I really appreciate it unfortunately I dont have the means to afford a lawyer and I just feel stuck
going to go now, i really appreciate your help and thanks for putting  up with me sorry if i was frustrating at all!
OK thank you so much appreciate that from the bottom of my heart
Oh good. I really appreciate all your help Stephanie? . I will check them out now !
Thank you so much! I really appreciate your help. I was having zero luck finding what I needed!
Thank you I’m losing my mind I appreciate this I hope it helps I’ll do some research
Ok thank you so much for this information. I appreciate
Ok thank you very much! I appreciate it have a good evening
Thank you so much for this, really appreciate the help
Yea l would appreciate that thank you
thank you for your help.  I appreciate it so much.  Say a prayer.  Bye
Thank you so much l really appreciate it
Thanks so much that's great! If I have any issues with that I will. I really appreciate your help
Ok, wonderful. Thank you very much for your help, Erika, we appreciate it.
oh an email would b very much appreciated
thank you so much for all of the information i appreciate the help!
Thank yoi thank you i appreciate your help
Thanks for your help i appreciate you have a wonderful day
Thank you! I am sorry I had to leave. I appreciate your help!
Thank u very much I really appreciate the help
Thank you representing my self no money I appreciate all the help
Thank you very much.  Appreciate it! Can I contact you again, if for any reason if they are not available.
Absolutely I really appreciate. your help. You’re awesome!!!
no I think that is all!!! And you have helped me immensely today! Thank you! I appreciate your help!
thank you, information is very helpful , I appreciate your help, what proof will I need to provide
Thank you very much I do appreciate it. They will be able to assist me in regards to her violating the court order.
Thank you so much for your help, we really appreciate it.
okay. I will do that. Thank you so much for your time . I really Appreciate it
Any help would be appreciated. I need to know what form to file with the court.
Ok thanks again for the information and your time  I really appreciate it
Thanks so much. I'll review. I appreciate your help.
Fabulous. Thank you so much Don...much appreciated.
Thanks for your help it is much appreciated. Have a nice day
No that’s ok thanks for you help, I really appreciate it
If u can, that would be appreciated.  Thank u
That's all I needed thank you so much. We appreciate the help. Merry Christmas
no thank you so much i truly appreciate the time you helped me
Thank you. It’s very hard. But I truly appreciate your help.
ok. Thank u for ur time and I really appreciate ur help
Ok. Thank you very much for your time and guidance. I really appreciate it.
yes thank you very much, i really appreciated it
I got you.. well I really appreciate your help
No thanks I'm done now; appreciate the information
Thank you so much this is very helpful. I appreciate everything you have sent
Thank you so much. I really appreciate your help
Great! Thank you so much! I really appreciate it. Have a Happy Holiday Season! Hopefully I will too with this help.
okay. thank you so much. I appreciate your help.
Thank you I really appreciate your help and I need to do this fast as possible
I’m going to contact them today thank you so much I really do appreciate you taking your time to help me
No ..Thank you very much sincerely appreciate the information
Really appreciate ur help this morning
Thank you so much I appreciate your time and you giving me the information that you have
Thank you so much , I really appreciate it, I copied and pasted it to my computer,  thank you again...
Yes, please and thank you. I would really appreciate that.
THANK YOU SO MUCH I AM REALLY APPRECIATE YOUR HELP
Ok.  Thank you.  I would really appreciate that
Not right now I appreciate your time and help with this matter
I appreciate so much the information. i will call to explain and see if someone can help me out
Okay thank you so very much. I really appreciate your help
Thank you so much for your help. I really appreciate your help, very informative.
Ok. Thank you for your help. I really appreciate it
I appreciate you helping me out with information. You’ve been very helpful.
OK i really appreciate your help i am crying and feel sick over this
Thank you very much! I will call them, I really appreciate your help!
Thank you very much Lanique. Appreciate your help.
Do you have the Brooklyn building address so I can make my claim.  Thanks again for your help it was very much appreciated Ms. Eliana.
Ok! Thanks for your help I really appreciate it!
Thank you very much for your help!  I really appreciate it.
I'll do that. Thanks very much for your help - I really appreciate it
I appreciate your time and assistance Max thank you
I appreciate it very much, you are very kind that you have an excellent day.
I cant thank you enough for your help!!! I appreciate it more than you know!!
I appreciate your help Lillian and hope you and your family are safe and helthy
thank you for your help. You've pointed me in the right direction. I appreciate it.
I will try them for sure. Thank you I appreciate your help.
ok thank you so much for your help Jason I truly appreciate it!!
please help me to check it again. much appreciated
Not today - really appreciate your help thank you so much
Ok I really appreciate your help. Thank you. Have a blessed day Jeremie
Thank you so much!!! I really appreciate your help
This is  great information!! I really appreciate your help! Thank you!!!!!
I would really appreciate a referral hopefully not too expensive
But thank u so much for ur help I really appreciate
The previous resource you posted is for dutchess county I will contact them. Thank you so much I appreciate your help. Be well.
Ok thank you, I appreciate for yr help
Thank you.I much appreciate your help today I hope someone can help me cause.I'm.feeling defeated already its a horrible feeling
Thank you very very much I surely appreciate your time and patience be safe and have a pleasant day thank you again
Thank you for your understanding, I really appreciate your time.
Thank you so very much I appreciate it sure no problem
thank you I appreciate the help your able to give
thank you so much Ashley, for these ingormation, i appreciated
Thank you so much for your time and help! I truly appreciate it.
That's all for now. Much appreciated & have a good evening!!
Thank you very much. I appreciate your time and help.
I really appreciate your time and the resourcing you're giving me.  Thank you.
thank you so much, I really appreciate it.  I'll see what I can find out.  Have a lovely day.  Thanks again
Thank you for your time and help. I appreciate the information.
Thank you for the information! Yes, I appreciate your concern!!
Thank you I sent it to my email. I appreciate your help.
Thank you so much. I really appreciate your help!
okay, thanks so much for your help and time, i really appreciate it!
thanks so much. I’ll take screen shots this time. I really appreciate your help
OK, Thanks for you honesty. I appreciate all the help (and Hope)!
Thank you sooo much. I really appreciate your help on this matter.
Ok well I really appreciate your help so have a nice day
I appreciate your help and hopefully I find what I am looking for.
I appreciate that, and really appreciate your time. I know you can’t give advice but figured details might matter.
Ok thank you Darby, I sincerely appreciate your help
You are welcome.  Wonderful, thank you for your help, we appreciate it.
Thank you, that sounds useful to me. I really appreciate it, Jacqueline
ok, than you so much for your help. I really appreciate
Highly appreciated, Stay Well, thank you again
I will look into it. Thank you. I appreciate that time and effort into assisting me
this is great! thank you !  I will look into the above and then go from there .  I really appreciate your help artur
Thank very much . I appreciate your help so far
Thank you so much, it really means a lot. I really appreciate it. I am scared and scared to see him
ok well thank you for your time and help! So appreciate it!
Thank you so much Joshua. I truly appreciate your assistance.
You’re been helpful for my concern.  I appreciate your efforts.
Thank you!! I really appreciate your understanding of my circumstances.
No nothing else thank you for your help I really appreciate it
Thank you.  I’ll write back if I need that. Appreciate your time and service
Yes I do need your help I appreciate it I can't do this on my own
Thanks. Your really kind and I appreciate the help.
No thank you, you’ve been very helpful, much appreciated
thank you SO MUCH! I really appreciate the help.
but that’s the only reason y I asked u about that I thought that was possible but thanks appreciate the help
Thank you! We appreciate any help you can give us.
Okay yes I would really appreciate that
I understand thank you but I have more time  to seek help. Thank you again I appreciate all you did for me
Thank you so much Celine. Please take your time. I appreciate the help.
Thank you for your help, I really appreciate your time.
Thank you so much, I really appreciate all your help.
This is incredibly helpful. Thank you again for all of your assistance. I really appreciate it.
yes please, Thank you so much. I truly appreciate all your help and advice
Ok take your time i appreciate your help
Oh ok awesome, thank you so much. I really appreciate it.
Thanks so much.  I really appreciate your Assistance
Understood. Thank you again Christopher. I appreciate the guidance.
No, Thank you I have so much and I will begin to look into it. I appreciate your time and patience. Be safe!
Thank you so much. Everything helps! You have been very helpful. We appreciate it
No ma’am . I appreciate your tome and help. Have a good evening
This is really helpful. Thank you for explaining everything to me. I really appreciate it. Thank you!
this is very helpful. I appreciate it. I dont think I'll need the hotline. thank you so much!
Not at this moment thank you so much Luke I appreciate your help :)
I really appreciate your grate help with this matter.
Thank    will try this link or call them I appreciate your help.
Ok thank you so much for your help it’s appreciated, I have a lawyer with case thank you again for that
thank you so much! i really appreciate your help.
Ok thanks so  much - no Anthony Rodriguez? Really appreciate the help!
Thanks in advance for any help, I really appreciate it
Thank you so much you have been extremely helpful I truly appreciate it from the bottom of my heart
Alison, thank you for your help today. I appreciate it SO MUCH!!! THANK YOU
I will go over to the website you suggested. I appreciate your help a lot!
Thank you so much for taking the time to go over this with me I appreciate you for helping me
Thank you. I have saved your links. I appreciate your help.
Great thanks for all your help I really appreciate it
thank you so much Jeremie. I appreciate your help
ok thank you so much I really appreciate it
Okay thanks I appreciate it I just really want my daughter when shes born
Thank you. I am calling the hotline now. I really appreciate all of your help
Thank you so much for directing me in the right direction I truly appreciate your help
i appreciate you trying to help but this is not helping at all. thank you for your time
OK, I appreciate your advice and your time!  thank you very much!
Ok thank you so so so much I really appreciate all of your assistance
thank you. Any help or information would be appreciated
Thank you so much, this info is very helpful. I appreciate it. Hope you have a good holiday!
ok. thank you. I will contact them. appreciate your help
Ok thanks so much I do appreciate your time
No that's ok I truly appreciate your help
All right, thank you for your time and effort, it is appreciated.
Thank you, not at this time. I will do some searching with the information you provided. I appreciate it!
You have been an absolute angel and i appreciate your helps so very much
I'm all set, appreciate your help, have a lovely evening!
I really appreciate you sharing these resources. Thank you very much. Will try them now.
okay that you so much for all this information I really do appreciate
Thank you Shanequa! I really appreciate the help. Enjoy your day 😊
Thank you so much for everything...I appreciate your assistance and help.
Okay thank you so much I really appreciate your help also would we have to go to court for the petition
I will use the links. I really appreciate the help
Ok, thank you so much! I appreciate your help
Thank you very much and appreciate your help and the information your gave me
