Maybe I can ask for an emergency intake due to court being on the 10th.
non-custodial. I voluntarily gave full custody due to being homeless in 2014
I have a settlement due to me and need to give my attorney the amount due from my case.
Yes I need help filing a payment modification due to homelessness.
they are closed for in person petitions due to covid
this warrant was due to non payment of child support
Okay thank you. Is the process for things different due to COVID?
Her AO was very specific as to Judge's order due dates after March 13th being due date + 90 days.
I have been out of work due to covid since may
Are there any free resources as I am unemployed due to covid
We have court for child support but obviously that has been postponed due to COVID
The family court in brooklyn is closed due to Covid19,  i have the paternitu forms from the internet,  where do I go to file it
I need it soon, and must be done online, due to the Coronavirus.
I need some insight on the proper way to negotiate a rent reduction with landlord due to covid
family court is closed due to covid, no?
I needed to know , I filed for surrogate due to my father passing
I’m currently not working due to covid my baby it’s going to be 1ywae
Due to the disturbance of peace by her constantly making noise.
How do I ask the court for more days to answer a petition due to being positive for Covid
good morning, how do i file a petition? i received the message that the courts are still closed for public due to covid
stating the amount due which was the section 8
I am also aware Freddie Mac mortgages are eligible for up to 360 days of covid forbearance due to being unemployed
alot of the organizations on our referral list have chnaged or updated their hours due to covid
definitely Corona related, but I always have important items due in the mail
(I had an appointment to get a NYS LICENSE in April but it was cancelled due to covid)
they stop it due to Covid so now I’m trying to do a loan modification
I know due to covid situationnwe cannt evict dead beat tenant,however if this is over can u refer me to a lawyer?
now we are separated due to his infidelity and he’s theatening to divorce me
OK also due to Covid are the courts taking emergency only cases or are all
I wanted to file for divorce due to abandonment
is SVU IN BETHPAGE PLACE TO MAKE THE REPORT & do I need an advocate or lawyer due to COVID & virtual world?!
i have just gained custody the 1st of March and due to the virus we have not been able to come to court to file
My stepmother is saying I cant go to school next year due to COVID but I want to go. Can she do ths?
Due to covid19 all non-essential businesses are required to close their business
Can he denied it due to covid situation if I will have fully responsability in this trip
I'm in court with my sons father due to covid I need to file for a violation for a court order due to nonpayments
But I'm nervous to let them out due to covid19
How do I get it to the courthouse seeing how please departments are closed due to the virus
I have been out of work since March due to covid19
How do I file a petition for paternity online being that my local court house is closed due to the corona virus.
Due to the quarantine can I apply for child support online?
Most courts aren’t open due to corona virus
How do I file a petition for paternity online due to my local family court being closed due to corona virus.
i know on meds and has a high ammonia level due to illness read up causes false test
I just need someone to point me in the direction of how to renegotiate my lease due to COVID. Thank you
oh so the courts might be closed due to the virus, which means I cant download the form and send it in?
Left Pitt to help her and left family cause my mom could not assist due to her age
im looking to file for residential custody , how do I do so with the family court building being shut down dues to the virus
and my daughter is sick and has lots of machines and private nursing which we can’t keep due to space
Yes because my closing has been pushed due to COVID
our library is closed due to covid and I cannot print from home and city court refuses to do it for me
Yes. As far as travel restrictions in Erie county due to COVID-19
Due to the 90-day NOI rule, will this be extended?
I would like to know more or less a fee for getting a divorce and is the courts open due to the COVID
Hi! Are you able to tell me if I qualify for unemployment under the new care act due to COVID19?
due to COVID I don’t have enough to pay because I do events.
Hello what do I need to do to modify my payments?. I was laid off due to COVID-19
so I received this over email - as the family court is closed due to the obvious Covid stuff.
Hi supposed to have a foreclosure settlement conference on Thursday by telephone but are they postponed right now due to the moratorium
Thank you. And I have not due to the fear of retaliation and his argumentative nature
My original date was canceled due to covid
Thank you. I was looking for general information. I know certain cases aren't being accepted due to COVID. Is family court accepting Custody petitions yet?
I am From Chicago but currently in NY due a domestic incident with my husband
I want to file but I’m not sure if they are open yet due to covid
I know I'm being discriminated against due to my ethnicity as well as a victim of "right sizeing" .... I have evidence of both
noted.  Are the courts operating now? I know due to the COVID they were closed
No more payments are due and there are no back  arrears due.
my mental health and quality  of life has been detrimentally declining for years due to family and living situation
I am trying to get rent help check from the state due to covid and having trouble
I was under the impression that my job was to be protected under new regulations due to covid
I have a court case due to late payments.
Courts are currently closed due to COVID
Thank you. NYC she has deteriorated and also in rehab can’t come out due to Covid
Hoe do I file a petition for paternity now that my local family court house is closed due to the corona virus.
I have no money coming in right now due to covid so i'm limited on funds
one stop payment for mortgage help for landlords due to covid
i fear my check will be lost or delayed due to covid issues
Due to covid, as with many, I have been laid off from work since march 12.
she wants to act as if im difficult to co parent with, due to her being influenced by her live in boyfriend..
The court case was rescheduled due to covid-19
yes, that would be welcome   however, I do not have a lot of money.  I am on unemployment due to covid
due to covid they are not taking any new cases
family court is closed due to covid
My husband lost his driver's license because of back pd child support due wen there actually was none
Where can I get a copy of custody papers in Brooklyn now that courts are closed due to covid
The court attached it after my Support Areas kept running due to the 1st magistrates negligence and 2 years to try to modify.
I renovated 1 house where my son resides and I receive no income due to unemployed due to covid
City is not working due to Covid...no on answers the phone.
for both past support due and current support due
Im due for eviction june 6.
my case was dismissed due to lack of jurisdiction
My court date was postponed due to COVID
They said it's due to the covid, it's closed. But then I also read that if I dont answer, a judgement can go against me.
I can not be at a shelter due to severe PTSD and panick/anxiety disorder
furloughing is due to covid and loss of work
we are currently unemployed due to covid so we cannot afford an attorney
I was trying to fill out the questionaire but could moy continue due to the age of my son!
Due to the corona virus became unemployed. Cant afford child support payments what can i do.
okay great! would I   be able to file online due to COVID?
My work is closing operations until further notice due to covid-19, what are my rights in regards of salary pay?
Wanted to know if small businesses with 10 ppl are required to reinstate the people they’ve laid off due to covid ?
I am a Bronx resident seeking a free attorney to assist me in applying for divorce. I am currently unemployed due to covid.
i am requesting  to file I have no physical copy present.. was assuming  due to COVID most things like this would be handled remotely
no, this is all that can be done due to the holidays. Thank you anyways
my condo was listed for sale but not sure if it was postponed due to covid19
I want to court since 1/29/20 and was supposed to return on 6/30 /20 but due to COVID noting happened
Hi, where can I find a form to file to collect on a past due note against an individual gauarntor
We had started a divorce but it stopped due to covid before anything happened
I received a notice that my unemployment was disqualified. (I had been receiving since march due to covid)
__ I am facing or have faced hardship due to c19
I am wondering if my company closes down due to the virus can my employees file for PFL
No thank you! I needed help about what to do for being out of work due to Covid-19.
will all auction hearing be postponed due to the current climate of Corona virus 19
I had a disability claim being filed before COVID due to limitations
Since everything is closed due to the virus
My due day for my baby is 10/1.but is is born 8/29
Shall I call your organization on Wednesday? Claro has closed their services due to Covid Economy Project sent me to you
I do not have a lawyer nor the money to obtain one. I stopped working in March due to covid19.
I want to court since 1/29/20  and was supposed to return on 6/30 /20 but due to COVID noting happened
due to COVID police where not responding to accident that didn’t result injury
I continued to work and now am due for my next check and she doesn’t want to give me
Is court open to file or can I fax due to covid
He also is living with another woman and she is with child, due in February 2020
Is this a free service? I have become unemployed due to xovid, I have not received UI yet.
Hi. So I am aware that courts may be closed due to COVID. But I would like to file a petition
but i think that due to current situation they are closed for public
Hi I am receiving unemployment due to my employer being shut down due to the covid 19 outbreak.
yes in May and it was cancelled due to COVID.
Do I qualify for unemployment due to corona virus
I am unable to receive any assistance due to the court order
can a parent withhold visitation due to covid?
I called they are not seeing anyone in court due to COVID but she said I can file petitions online.
and due to this virus I got almost 8 weeks with out working
I stop working due to corona virus
due to covid courts were closed for my court dates do you know if they are reopened
and I currently have the child custody case is pending in Family court, and it is postponed until further notice due to Covid19
I know its usually on the 6th fl (?) of family court but due to covid...
With nowhere to go due to fathers background he can not stay with me unfortunately
when they returned it back to me, fedex did not do their due dilignee and had someone else sign for my scooter
I think this is it. Do you know how long of a wait this will be due to Covid?
Hello, i would like to file a paternity petition and am unsure the way to go about it due to restrictions caused by covid
I just want to know if when I go to court to ask for an adjournment due to seeking representation.
I had to file an amended complaint in 2018 due to these delays.
I missed certifying one week,  I think it was due to technical difficulties.
can I go directly to the court to file,I think the courts not fully operates due to Covid
I thought they were not allowing new petitions due Covid
hi my assets was fronzon due to none payment but i was out of work
I am having a hard time figuring out the new due date
and from my understanding family court is currently closed due to COVID
Unfortunately that was a matter that was resolved immediately due to hra there payment was alte.ro partial
iv currently lost my income due to bing self employed and my work slowing down to covid
Can a landlord legally refuse to fix repairs due nonpayment of rent during covid?
they are robbing me of $900 because whomever they handed my scooter away did not do their due diligence.
If I don’t have the documents to be summit due to it being so soon what can I do
I wasn’t able to work due to the injury and had to do physical therapy
this is a problem due to covid and the courts being closed
I currently have cort orered child support, I also am unempolyed due to the virus
