her last day was Friday Feb th and return Mrach 2nd
he says he isn't sure he did that last time
I have a child support order in chenango county from last year, I have no income, they have me paying $67 weekly
thank you. and lastly, can I see resources assisting with contract negotiation?
Basically the question is, once an index number is obtained, it will last and remain there until the case is closed right?
The get started lasts one second
I have been having a hard time finding a lawyer the last couple days
He is claiming that I made more $ than he did the last two years and he over paid the child support.
I’m having Issues with a neighbor for the last 5 years and nothing Is being done.
they erase familes and rob them of their last dollar
last nite I received an email stating
I am trying to get my devorce from last year and I am not hearing any thing
Have been trying to track down information.  This happened last week.
I don't want to be rude and give last minute notice but I have no way to send information in time for next week.
They contacted my employer last Thursday and spoke to them last Friday. Friday I received an email that effective Saturday I was furloughed.
last questions...what recourse do i have if a lawyer lied on a rebuttal
I want to add a last name because I want to have a father figures last name
Or will it just help in being recognized as the father and having his last name?
Hi Amy...I'm a gig worker in Dutchess County who was terminated last week because of a delivery issue I have no idea about.
Hello. My home has been put up for auction on 10/24. I have submitted paperwork last week & want to see if auction has been postponed
I am not finding it as I searched defendant and last name?
Need help to get custody of a child living with me since last moth
he has not paid child support for the last 3 weeks
He is in a treatment center, but it never last long; alway within a few months he becomes violent.
i said no that ill give her to him from last saturday to next thursdy
He just don’t want any contact with me. I don’t know why. He recognized our daughter she have his last name.
Additinally they sent him a cheque last week of out no where and it bounced
Hi, Last week they leave the consumer credit transaction paper in my apartment . But I don’t know what to do ?
I called last week but each operator kept transferring me witg no resolution
One last question are they available on weekends from what you know??
Unemployment owns me money and they refuse to give it to me since September last year.
came to conclude close our business after 7years but we’ve just renew our contract last year for 2yrs term
I got an e mail last nite
I was furloughed for months and then terminated last week.
well if you can find the one for last name just above
yes i have had no communication in the last almost 5 years now
she has been with him since last week sunday i have called police and everything
I have a great aunt that I have been caring for since last Feb
I’ve maintained employment for many years I raised my last two kids with no acs and they are well fed and kept
Thank you, the last question I have is how do we go about it and what documentation do I need
I was on furlough,  I was laid off last week and the company sent me a Severance pay
I took videos of the last two incidents
That has been my ONLY infraction (other than an occasional ticket in the last 25 years)
I tried last year also but cannot find and address for him out of state to have him served.
& last month had to pay 3K for a furnace
I don’t think so this is my last hope honestly
i want to include my babys dad last name on my child
he wants vistitation and has been in jail for the last  13 yrs and has made no effirt
the last time we spoke he said he wanted to see me. But when I went there she prevented him from coming out.
The divorce is pending quickly as the last adjournment is for 11/4
no we are not married and no he didn’t that’s why I didn’t add his last name
i bury my mother and last two aunts try to close out there affairs? i 69 they have bank accounts but it's small
one last thing, can i change my children’s last name to my own how so, do i need his permission
I get $50.00 a week in child support for two children. the last order was back in 2013 and their father wasnt making much then.
Last time i did this they sent me to two lawyers who were not versed in the CARES act.
OK, and that would last how long? Until the child is 18?
and want to check my case status and last court orders online
I have caled those places over the last 5 years they wont help me
Thank you I need an attorney that can help me with this situation because it’s been going on the the last 6 years
The father is not on the birth certtificate, but for some reason her last name is his last name
How do I get and qualify for Raft help with first and last with rental
my last name is not on his birth certificate because I have to go to the court to clear his last name
I had my last child with my boyfriend she is 9 he signed her birthday certificate
I only received FPUC $ 600 only one time on 4/24/2020 and then no more payment last week.
Hi I’m being sued and trying to find out why.  my Identity was stolen last year  to
Okay, understood. The bronx Family Court is where our case has been heard over and over again for the last 10 years.
That's my last question.. ty for your patience and knowledge
but i think it would be helpful for him to have someone take one last look
I haven't received nothing since 3 weeks ago ,that's the last time I worked for him
thank you can you tell me the name of the last judge i spoke with
I was supposed to have them last weekend so since last weekend
Last week they are helping with my accident. I have a deposition on February 4, 2020
I have filed for llc formation last week, and this week I got fired from my w2 job. Can I apply for unemployment?
I have been calling since last move no answer.
That’s the last time I heard he was living in Indiana but nothing other than that.
last time he saw my daughter was in 2015
Yes..and last year she charge him for months a vets organization had paid
one of my children was emancipated since last JULY
The last time he saw them was Oct 2nd of this year.
she told me last month too that I don’t have the right to live out my security
i have a question, i was closed by the government last week
so my license was suspended last year, and I just knew about it because my license was up
I asked for an adjournment due to my father passing last Sat and i needed time to obtain council
They have refused the last 3 wks and cant seem to get in touch with my lawyer
Someone told me here last week i can check in here or call the 212 number about updates and to see if they open
Obviously I definitely need the last two
Hello I have a question about a court case I had last year with my landlord
no I spoke with a rude representative last week . The office in Hempstead NY
Last Monday I supposed be at court but I forgot to go.
no we just had a verbal agreement for the last 18 years
Yes I have an order of visitation and expire last year.
Ya it's kinda confusing because most landlords only ask for first and last but I guess the new law restricts them from charging more
Its in the queens County court from last year
I have contacted,  a number of organizations in the last 3 weeks.
But when I called last month I was told I was receiving support for my son which I haven't
the child also took my last name
i already been served an i already went to ny last week an my lawyer adjourned it
The auction date is already set for the last week of february
He is out. He had the seizure last Thurs and out of hospital last friday
And I had a job last year so i filed for taxes last year
A generalized question. Like last year's taxes, bank statements, etc
in order to not pay chil support . She doesn’t have his last name
I keep calling them but no answer :( since last week :(
Lastly, they have been holding my payments. Will I loose the money they been holding as well?
He had blood pressure of 180/110 last week
she received extra money last week from it  and she'll receive it this week as well
I can't use the last one as he is incarcerated
Lastly i  am seeking representation /advocacy for a child whom receives Special Education Services
Can I get the transcript of the conversation I had with one of your colleague last week?
I said use june as the last month
That was last week in January ct date
Hello ! I want to know how I can remove my child’s biological father paternity rights ? And remove his last name ?
I receved last week -feb 16 a papaer
The last time I went to court they put it on hold for a year
Child support modification. I need more time for legal assistance since a new contact was sent to me last week.
I talked to one of your colleagues last week
I had her for the last few months with no support. Mom doesn’t want her
This case is since June last year and I don’t want to loose the apparment
no, i left message there last week and this morning that number is no longer working
His lawyer ajourned our last case and asked for a discovery.
for modification of an order that I had tried to drop last year but it still opened
I want my money back. Child support took about 20,000usd last year from me when or payments should have been offset!
They also refused my payment for last month.
I did this 2 times already in the last year And they basically said oh well.
How do I apply and qualify for raft help with first and last
my baby does not have her dads last name and i want information in how can i included
i have filed for llc formation last week and lost my fulltime w2 job this week. Can I apply for unemployment?
My last day of work was the 16 of March
Thank you again: this last one is for residents who have mobility restrictions... I do not believe I would qualify
last month he told me that his niece needed the apt
Hello. I spoke with a representative named Isabel last week regarding the legal status of my SSI benefits, while residing in a publicly funded shelter.
Please do, I have been trying to get some answers since last Wednesday
my last payment was send on march 13
Send the last link one more time plz
Yes we when where the courts are he actually had a issue last year with the mother and grandmother and had to go there
I realize that your last link wasn't to find court documents
The last known address is my house where we used to live
nyc but the mother took him to PA without autoritation  last 2 weeks
so I believe he makes more than 15% of last year tax return
One last question what if they don't my renewal?
understood. Should I also print my text messages to the last known number?
last question will they hear it on the same day or depends on magistrates calendar???
That sounds like a plan. I will try them out. Queens Court was my last resort lol, I will do just that
can get stimulus check if he filed taxes last year and he has not arrived inUS still
My house was foreclosed last week. I need help
Cuz when she was born I sing her born certificate and now she don’t have my last name
How to add a last name to a baby last name
On the papers I put my last name for the baby but I found out last night she didn’t put my last name
tried our local bar assoc but in the last four weeks no one answers or returns messages.  i need someone asap
lastly i am of course on child support and it not fair to me as a father, i am being deprived of my rights
also i have been called the last 2 weeks by the kids to get them becuase he has hit them
Also, one last question - once we find the right form, do you know how long this would take to be approved by the courts
they were here from February to last week she came and got them against my will
The last part was a joke, but that website does not seem to helpful
how can the biological father give the baby he’s last name. Even if I’m still married
The last two links don’t work
One last question. We just found out Monday that he died in May will this make any difference?
I think my last question was on other means of serving
I want for my child to have her dad last name
I believe it was made in November of last year. I went back around January to get the modification
If you filed a UI claim within the last 3 years, the system will remember your Personal Identification Number (PIN)
I have only used the last name on my social security card. Never used the last name on my birth certificate
$32,000 are the letters i recvd over the last few months stating "Satisfaction of Judgement"
