i have a 10 year order of protection on his biological father he does not know him and he knows my fiance as his father
I have my documents ready to file my order of protection. how do i deliver them online
We still have orders of protection until next year . Is there a Domestic violent lawyer for victims?
so I need some who can talk to them for me and assist me with my order of protection
family court and order of protection and I full custody of my child
My concern arises from a Proposed Order of Protection filed in the Queens Family Court.
how do I go about an order protection and where am I suppose to send the form?
how do I get placed in housing or an apartment with an order of protection?
thank you. I expect; and also I would like to know where to file NOW to obtain a  temporary order of protection
i need order protection from Karina Grebennikova
I had one in place but dropped it to help my order protection case
Hi i needed to file an order of protection
I told her I am going to put a order protection agains her sister and husband because they drink to much and party
I have filled visitation petition in family court due to ongoing order of protection ..
which is petition form number for order protection
I want to know how can  i drop an order of protection in nys
Hello, I’m trying to get an order protection
No previous order except for the order of protection
how does the served from the begnning know there is a FINAL ORDER OF PROTECTION
child dad lives in Connecticut n has a stay away order protection with my grandson his son
Can we get the order of protection online or get the papers online so we can fill them out before going to court
But I have no proof that I was granted the order of protection. They didn’t give me anything that says that.
There is an order of protection until next year and I want his rights revoked before then
i already have an order of protection but now he is sending his family to try to contact us
I need an order protection against my two children
need to petition local criminal court to amend order of protection. wondering what supportive documents are suggested to include along with the petition?
other than the court date and order of protection i have, there are no orders from the court regarding custody or visitation
it is a false allegation, however, I was told under an order of protection that I can not contact our son and my wife
he also needs to look at the order of protection and was going to ask for a copy from court
she's violent so I put a temp order of protection
At Family Court I already put in a order of protection for my spouse is that considered light in the system already
What are the organization that can help me get order protection for free
Hello I would to petition for custody or visitation of my child when the a order of protection currently in place. How I proceed?
cour day is November 25 2019 my husband do order protection for me
there isn't more these are actions that happen when order of protection is served to a person
Thing is I am trying to file an order of protection on behalf of my mom against my sister who’s schizophrenic.
I’m looking for assistance filing an order of protection
I want to protect my daughter but I also want to protect myself from violations as well
I was punched in operated face and District Attorney issued a 2 year full Order Protection
They say they can not help because there is a order of protection in date.
Orange County court. Order of protection
Hello, My name is Mariah Tavaris. I would like to know how to file a complaint against a falsified order of Protection made against me
Im trying to get a order of protection in place
hello! do we have to include in teh visitation petition a number for the order of protection
Okay. I guess a better question is where can I find the laws and/or procedures for filing an order of protection.
I would like the order of protection form for albany county.  I can not find it online.  Can you please provide a link?
Hi there! How do I get an order of protection that I initiated dismissed?
If someone gets an order of protection put in place, what happens if they do not show up to the hearing?
how do I go about filling an order protection and where do I send it too?
you said try and get an order of protection
I have a order of protection that I received yesterday and is supervised
you give me link where 100 diffrient form about order protection i asked. but i dont know which form i need to write.
She has also been served a 50B order of protection for the boys and myself for communicating death threats to me over the phone
Thank you for this. What can an order of protection so and how long would it take to process?
Can I fill out an order " change of circumstances" and also fill out a temporary order of protection in the same day ?
i need to get a copy of order of protection
not appering for order of protection the person being served
My question is i have a active order of protection in place and i would like to know how to get it modified or vacated
i asked about petition form number but you send me order protection form
How do I go about seeing my son when there is a order of protection?
I just have a question how much are the fees for a Attorney in a Restraining Order of protection
I want to file for divorce and custody of my child, I currently have an order protection against my husband
However, no proof, again...like I said.  I think you need evidence to serve an order of protection (please correct me if I am wrong).
recent events resulted in my now having an order or protection against the mothers apartment, where my son will be
Who do I call and what to do to get the order of protection dropped
Hi i need to file a protection order
Yes but will the perpetrator be charged of this offense or will an order of protection be only in place?
I just want an order of protection form. Which form can I download. ?.
the hearing is for an order of protection where my ex partner is falsely accusing me
how can i file order of protection for someone who lives in the house with me
I left with a temporary order of protection and the courts has those as the addresses
Custody ( change of circumstances) and order of protection
Is that the form. That you fill out for a order of protection against the other party
I need to file an order of protection against an adult child.
How does someone get an order of Protection removed against them
OK is it possible to have a order protection withdrawn ?
violation of an order of protection in family court
At this link I can request the order of protection and the child support order as well?
I dont nothing as of yet i have order of protection
I already have an order of protection but the person keeps breaking it everyday
Hello I was wondering how I can modify an order protection or withdraw custody papers
I have a question can I get order protection against someone who has made false accusations ?
I would like information on how to stop an order of protection it is no longer needed
how does one go about in , obtaining an Family order of protection ?
yes, my ex girlfriend filed a protection order against me and my court date is April 1
i was told my one officer that I can’t get an order of protection until he is arrested.
1 order of protection is from family court and the other is from criminal court
i would like to file an order of protection against someone, does that mean that the person must stay away from my child?
I'm looking to get a refrain from order of protection so this doesnt happen again
i would like to know how can I file an order of protection against a family member?
How can get the jude on my side so i can go home after my wife drops the order of protection
Hello, I would like help to modify an order of protection.
is it possible to get an order of protection and ask for full custody of a child before a divorce is finalized?
Can you please help me find the right direction to file an order of protection
I have 2 order of protection and I wanted to know how do I go about signing up for section 8 asap
They are separated and she has put an order of protection against him so that he does not see the kid
This petition also was with an order of protection paper
I filed a temporary order of protection, and want to get it modified, to a refrain from order.
hi i need a help to get a copy of order of protection
I pressed charges and have been issued a temp order of protection. It is not a no contact order.
where do i find the form for violation of an order of protection?
Now that theres an order of protection in plce is he alowed to still come with me
Ok well this would be a visitation family court issue that involved an order of protection for the child’s safety against the father
No never had custody issues just order of protections a few years ago
Hello, I need to know what form to fill out for a violation of an order of protection in family court, orange county ny
She has the order of protection  the baby mother filed 9/14/20
I am trying to get a order of protection to keep my landlord away from me and my business
How do I file an immediate order of protection online
I have a case in court currently, I'm seeking an order of protection against my daughter's father and custody
b) protect his rights as a legal resident of the unit.
me and my girlfriend split up and she severed me papers for custody and put a temporary order of protection on me
Hi there! How do I add my girlfriend to my order of protection?
I had a protection order put on me. Now i cant access any of my property. I need help paying and filing for divorce
What do I do to get an emergency order of protection for domestic abuse
i need a form to file for a order of protection through family court
I would like to get a order of protection
I want to know where I must address right now to obtain a temporary order of protection and to obtain a paper regarding FISA warrant.
sorry ment to put a away to file or get forms online to file for an order of protection
NEW YORK COUNTY FAMILY COURT ORDER OF PROTECTION VIOLATION:
If someone breaks a order protection and I want to drop the order protection what can I do
how can i file or where can i find the petition to modify the temporary order of protection?
Where can i get a lawyer to protect my right whom i can turn to when its being violted
she have a older of protection against me the older of protection end December 28 2021
I would like to know the process of getting an order of protection now that I cannot walk in to the court
it was regarding the abuse case and the order of protection
I need assistance getting legal direction of filing either a restraining order or protection order against a roommate
No...the court referee would just extend the temporary orders of protection and they would expire.
the mother even claimed to one of my family members that she would put a protective order against me when she got back to NY
so how does the respondant know there is a final order of protection
No the case is already done with. The order of protection is good for 1 yr.
How does someone get any order of Protection against them removed
Order of protection l am requesting emergency custody of my kids since my ex kidnapped our 2nd child and refused to give her back
How can I modify the orders of protection back to no visitation. He was able to get family court to orders visitation!
ok thanks Amy also my ex has deliberately obtained a order of protection to further alienate me from my child what can i do?
I need help getting an order of protection and a modification of order of visitation
I want to drop my. order of protection on my husband i need him home
I’m looking for an attorney for a protection order case
How do I go about filing  a family court Order of protection violation
I would like to modify a temporary order of protection for a family court case
also I have an order of protection for the mother to stay away from the child
How does someone go about getting a order of protection dismissed
I would like to inquire about custody of a child and a order of protection
i don’t want to do an order or protection I just need a divorce
I need help in finding a EDBF or a violation of an order of protection
do i need to go to the family court to file an order of protection?
ok so there is no way to petition for an order of protection in a criminal case without going topolice?
Trying to find out who could I contact about obtaining an order of protection against someone in my neighborhood
and can you help me in finding the process and if I can do it online for an order of protection criminal court and family
Judge Young ordering visitation even with the criminal orders of protection, I have a lawyer but she not able to change orders of protection!
I  Was complain about my mother’s cousin I have order protection Judge sent me letter June 17 th
i was wondering if there was a to file or get forms for a order of protection online
Hi, I filed 3 petitions yesterday a the family court for order of protection , child support and custody and visitation.
And telling them I am trying to put him in jail for 6 months, is any of that covered under the protection order
I just obtain one today it’s a refrain from order protection
I would like to know how to I obtain a temporary order protection since the courts are closed.
How would like to know how can I go about getting a order  protection
I don't know.  Bottom line:   I would like an order of protection.
Do you have the document for requesting a copy of an order of protection
hi i was wondering how to file an online petition for a family order of protection
I dont believe he has been arrested so no criminal order of protection given yet
and the e from so I call fill out to get a order protection ?
I did a order of protection case against my sister in law
Ok is it particularly relevant where I file the order of protection?
Cause I did the petition for an order protection against the mother and then the court added visitation dates
Yes She got a protective order saying my daughter area was neglected or hurt and have emergency hearing tommorrow
Hello there I was severed a protection order against me from family court and I can’t afford a lawyer
Yes we have been to the family court but just for an order of protection
Will a violation of a order of protection keep me from getting into public housing?
they told me that they can't give me legal referrals for a temporary order of protection
There is an order of protection give to the father stating no contact with my daughter
on the order of protection do i just put the baby or the baby and me even tho i have one already
i need to get my order of protection copy
I want to see my daughters. They told me I have to modify the order of protection on the family court.
Yes I have the modification form to remove the order protection issued in family court
I need the email to file an order of protection
it was an order of protection issued by family court
I’m just wondering what the process for dropping an order of protection against someone is?
My child mother had a order of protection against me but still came to my house
would you recommend to get an order of protection?
I was told that I can file for violation of a protective order online but I don't see the link to do so.
no, i feel if i give an order of protection, that person will stay away
I found out yesterday that I have an order of protection that a sherif pulled up when scanning my license
is there a way if my daughter is 21 can I find out the status of her order of protection
I need information on how to go about extending an order of protection
Need to file an online order of protection against my sister
in order to get a Temp order of protection dropped do i have to go to the court
So do they issues another document for the final order of protection
i want to know if a minor turns 18 can they waiver an order if protection from a statutory rape case
He is not allow to go to that home I have a order of protection
I just want to know what to include in my email so as to protect myself.
I live in queens.i need a free lawyer to help me file a protection order against my wife for my daughter in Supreme Court.
There is a two year order protection involved for the both of us. (My daughter and I).
Yes CPS is CHILD PROTECTION SERVICES.
So because the person doesnt show they can issues a final order of protection
Hello I would to petition for custody of my child when the a order of protection currently in place. How I proceed?
Safe horizon was the place that helped him get the order of protection
I was told that after his arrest I will get a criminal order of protection
I cannot find the DIY form to request for an order of protection in family court
I have 50/50 custody and a temporary protection order on their dad
He found out where I lived and family court put a tempry protective order on him
im looking to locate the form for an order of protection on behalf of a minor.
How can i file a order of protection in family court
temporary order of protection, which is family law
hi my name is Polina, im looking for a temporary order of protection form, and I want to know if I can submit it online
He knows where I work live all that and I am scared but what can an order of protection do?
Sure--we have a court date for a "no offensive contact order of protection" as his father attacked my dad
I received a call today from the court and the granted me the order of protection
How doi  file an order of protection for that online.??.
He has assault record and County pressed charges against him filed an order of protection
which form number i need to write for receive an order protection
I was told that a criminal order of protection is given after that. Would I need to be in NY for that
I have a friend that can’t see his son due to an order of protection put in place without his knowledge
Yes, The person who asked for the order of protection.
I have an order of protection from the criminal court. And I have a court date on 6/18/2020.
which form,, where can i write petition for receive an order protection.
So she would have to file for a protective order for her and the kids
what i need to do for order protection? i need write form 8-2 , but where can i send this form?
i fled Maryland with my 2 kids.  I have an order protection against my ckids father that expires on Tuesday.  Can I renew it?
i need to file a stay away order or oder of protection
can the order of protection escalate to something to else or is that the highest
i need to request copies of custody order and order of protection
how do I file for an order of protection to challenge a paternity case?
I got served a order of protection and have some questions
