doesn't the state provide free legal aid?
How can I get  legal aid help for a unemployment overpayment case ? I will have a hearing coming up
Will need attorney for my mom needs get help rent that’s separate legal aide lawyer for her on SI
Is there such a thing as free legal aid in Schenectady County
What legal assistance through Legal Aid to help protect myself?
Mother live in rochester ny...sin are in Groveland Correctional facility...she need help with a legal aid lawyer...the attack was serious.
Hi I was wondering if I qualify for legal aid
Can I apply for legal aid though that website as well
Well IAM on SS I needs legal aid
Also it is documented that my wife was very violent towards me during my marriage can a legal aid attorney represent me?
I am looking for legal aide to help me with a hospital legal issue
I’m seeking legal advice for my 15 yr old son that had an up coming manifestation  determination I need legal aid
I also need help find a legal aid lawyer
where can I get some help reviewing the paperwork and he can’t afford a lawyer but we looking legal aid
can you just tell me who can qualify for free legal aid?
need help contacting my appointed legal aid
i've also left a message with legal aid. is that separate from this organization?
Need information on free legal aid for family court
I tried calling Buffalo legal Aid but I got no response
(you can send a link to legal aid - but queens based one)
Okay thank you,i’ll contact a legal aid group
Need to find free legal aid someone to ask questions about working and singel parent remote learning and unemployment  info
Do you know what he will need to get this done and is there free legal aid to help him
I need help finding free legal aid
I am trying to figure out if I can obtain legal aid for fair hearings for path shelter intake
Hi, I’m trying to find legal aid in Queens, NY
Hello, I visited law help today as I am looking for a legal aide/ attorney whom work with Special Education & Person with disabilities
I really need help and looking for a legal aid to represent me with the matters that I am facing
I also need information on legal aid
I dont think so. I contacted the hotline myself about an hour ago and they directed me to some shelters and legal aid
Can I get any help from legal aid with fheps so they will help move out from this apartment
I’ll like to have legal aid for my hearing on the 26th
so last question I guess are you aware of any legal aid type group that might help with attorney misconduct?
I was turned away from my county's Legal Aid, since they are already apparently representing my landlord
Okay, thank you and one more thing, am i able to request a legal aid
I also wanted to find a free legal aid
I see that you can help me find free legal aid
Looking for legal aid to take a residential placement to court for abuse
I need to request a fair hearing and would need to know if I can have a legal aid appointed to represent me
I am trying to get in touch with someone with legal aid
I’m looking for a legal aid in my upcoming court case
already tried legal aid and they said they cant help with divorce
legal aid Lawyer for Family Court
I need the legal aid helpline so they can get me in contact with a local person
Hi,  where can I get a legal aide representation for housing court?
Hi , I M in need of legal aid Divorce assistance it’s an emergency matter
I am in search of free legal aide for a divorce
I spoke to our legal aid office and was told they could NOT help[ me
And then divorce help in SC?  Are there any legal aids for veterans?  We have specific needs because we travel the world?
I am looking for legal aid for filing for bankruptcy
I have tried to seek legal aid. I do not qualify, so I have no choice but to represent myself.
AND DONT KNOW WHERE TO GO TO APPLY FOR LEGAL AID
ty i have tried legal aid they sent me to you
I’m looking for a legal aid to divorce
I contacted free legal aid they said they can't help me with my situation
i am very afraid to go to the probate or surrogate court judge without  a legal aid
I am trying to get help from Legal Aid in obtaining a attorney for a child custody case please
can i get a contact for a legal aid lawyer
I need help finding a legal aid for housing court
I need a legal aide to represent me n my divorce. I am in a same sex marriage.
I am just looking for a legal aide lawyer to represent me
Local legal aid won't help me because they took me for a landlord. Thank you
Hi I'm trying to find a legal aid for my father regarding child support my father is already retire
I’m trying to find a legal aid for my up coming case
Hello.  I am looking to get in contact with legal aid to help with a NYS Tax Warrant from 2012
Can u tell me how too get the number to legal aid lawyer at 268 gennesse at Utica NY.. I'm trying to appeal my ssi
OK thank you I did call legal aid and they gave me this link so I thought I was speaking with someone from legal aid
I wanted to get a legal aid divorce attorney
I've contacted legal aide they don't handle divorce issues
Thank you.  Do you have a list of free legal aid help for Onondaga County, NY?
Are there legal aid resources and free legal assistance for this
I'm looking for legal aid that can help with a criminal case
Legal aid has None I have spoken to them  MANY  times
I need help finding a free legal aid to assist me
I am looking to get legal aid for a family custody matter.
Hello I’m seeking legal aid for a custody agreement
Gm looking to speak w legal aid abt loan modification
I am was wondering how can i get a legal aid for my coustdy case
Now this link is for a legal aid!? I am located in Shirley NY
I like to find out where I can go to get legal aid for a family court case
I have left a message with my local legal aid place. Thank you for your help
I'm trying to get another lawyer on my case I currently have how can I get another legal aid?
I’m looking for legal aid for a court case December 3rd in Putnam county
I am looking for legal aid for extreme issues that happened to me a couple weeks ago
i need a free legal aid representative
Hello I’m trying to find a legal aid to help me with a custody case but can also be with me in court
Or referral to legal aid lawyer offices to help me do so
I trying to file for divorce and was told I can't get legal aid  cause my husband had them is this true
Hello I’m looking for a legal aid lawyer to help with SSD
I cant get legal aid because of conflict of interest
Who should restitution payments be made payable to at the Legal Aid Bureau in Buffalo, NY?
Oh thank you so much! I got turned down by legal aid because it is a civil matter and I am just flying solo.
I need a legal aid for family court for my visitation rights
I am looking to get legal aid, or advice, for a custody case I currently have in court.
Here are some referrals to legal aid groups in your county that currently offer remote services:
Not sure. It was local, Mid NY Legal Aid.
Talk to a Lawyer - the Cooperstown one you listed and legal aid
I did and I sent them the paper work and proof already but they do not give or provide legal aid
I am mostly looking for a free legal aid
the judge stated I have right to legal aide attorney
hello , how can i go about getting a legal aid for a child support case
I'm having trouble looking for legal aid help in order to go to court for paternity
I need help with a legal aid lawyer for shelter
Local legal aid groups do not answer phone.
Can you confirm if legal aid in my county is Hiscock Legal Aide?
No I don't think so. Would legal aid help me with this?
ok i am looking for free legal aid
I need an legal aid to help me with a child support case
I am trying to figure out legal council to dispute this matter but legal aid won't represent me and I'm unsure of my next step
No I live in Jamaica queens so I know there legal aid there but can’t get answer on phone or line is busy
I would like a legal aid to help me file for child support
Is that link for legal aid groups or NYS attorney general's office
Hi, I am trying to see if I qualify for legal aid
I’m looking for legal aid service’s
I’m trying to find out if legal aid assists with traffic tickets
I’m trying to get a legal aid to help me
need to ask questions with a legal aide
I dont have legal aid , I looking for  one
Would like to speak to a legal aide rep sometime.
Can I get a legal aid to do this child support case
Thank you. My therapist and my case manager told me to contact legal aid for help.. so here I am.
I’m trying to get a legal aid lawyer for help
Okay, thank you! I already have the info to Legal Aid's PRP and the Prisoner's Legal Services in Ithaca
Hello! I was wondering if you could tell me how often your legal aid directory is updated
I have even called Hiscock legal aid, they do not do Medal Malpractice, or personal injury cases
i was wondering if i can get assistance from a legal aid to help with paperwork i need to fill out
Think it’s Queens County legal aid but I’m not sure
My landlord tying to illegally evict me and I need legal aide
Where can i find free legal aid to help with my case?
i see....legal aid has attorneys who can help those with limited means
Is there legal aid council in dutchess county
The original lawyer I was working with at legal aid left she was more into it they gave her cold shoulder like they did me
Is there a list of legal aid services in Erie County?
Hello, I am trying to speak to someone to find an attorney through legal aid or assistance
They also wouldn't give me legal aid stating it was a conflict of interest?
Can I apply for legal aid online or does it have to be in person?
How do I go about legal aid for an attorney or wouldnt I need one
Is there a  legal aid organization that handles criminal/police misconduct matters
Need assistance with legal aid to help with a court case due to eviction
Contacted legal aid where i live and no response from anyone
I do not qualify for legal aid and cannot afford an attorney
no I don’t I’m trying to get a legal aid attorney I don’t work neither does she
I need to connect her to legal aid services
the legal aid that represented my husband name is jay blumenfeld
are there any free legal aides I could schedule an appointmetn with today
Legal Aid, Volunteer lawyers Project, Neighborhood Legal Services
Do legal aid have walk ins currently
I do need free legal aid. thank you.
The legal aid service is in her county, not mine.
maybe a legal aid to provide assistance to my specific case I think
I meant legal aid couldn't help me
Am I eligible for legal aid lawyer in case I need one
I have a custody case sept 16. I have no attorney, and do not know how to receive legal aid
I am looking for legal aid, I have no money  basically
I wanted to know how do I get a new legal aid for my child that is under 5
Thank you! Are there similar organizations to legal aid that provide these services?
I need  legal aid assistance  with a divorce
I am looking for a legal aid to help fight a family court case
I need a legal aid lawyer to help with my visitation rights to my 2 kids
i need to find a legal aid for family court purposes
Is there Legal aid where I can ask some legal questions about the best way to go about it, via foster or custody.
and what should I expect ? Is there any free or affordable legal aid that can assistant me and come with me .
Thank you,  I actually went on the site for legal aid and was unsuccessful.
I am looking for legal aid with an incident with child abuse/neglect
Looking For Free Legal Aid Near Me
Do I need a legal aid/ lawyer, if I want to appear in court and plead my case??
I guess what form to submit and I was told I need to have an open case for legal aide
Ok i need legal aid assistance
I need help finding a legal aid attorney to write, sign, and deliver a legal demand letter.
How do I get legal aid tho. Isn’t that different
Legal Aid; The judge reached out to them directly and they ahave not responded to her
Hi how do I get legal aide for my SSI case
I am looking for legal advise and hopfully legal representtion
I don’t feel I’m being represented properly by my lawyer that was appointed to me by legal aide
sure, but I cannot afford an attorney and I do not qualify for legal aid
I definitely need legal aid; can you point me in the right direction?
Hello I need legal aid for a eviction notice
legal aid told me to come to this website
I am trying to see if I qualify for legal aid
I’m trying to get in touch with my legal aid
I need a legal aid to vacate a child support order.
i stated it very clearly it's a small simple question not for legal aid for the courts and that's hou right?
legal aid for a fair hearing for discontinuance of Medicaid
my MD legal aid can't help with that.
According to the court they don't supply legal aids
I need the application for legal aid to get an attorney
I was pro-se and had a legal aid to represent the kids
ok, you should let legal aid of rochester and ontario county know that
I believe I tried the legal aid they wldnt help me is there any other option
Hello i was wondering if you could help me find a legal aid for a hold over petition in suffolk
I don’t qualify for legal aid and I couldn’t afford a more pricey attorney
I’m trying to get in touch with legal aid I want to know if I qualify for a upcoming custody case may 6
Binghamton ny probably legal aid who wants all this other stuff from you beforehand
I don’t have money to do that I was wondering if there were legal aid there
thank you because i was told that because the case is in orange county i couldnt get a lawyer here from legal aid
How can I find a free legal aide for family court
THE LADY ATTORNEY THAT HELPED ME GET MY CERTIFICATE OF CITIZENSHIP BACK IN 2018..WAS A MISS PEREZ THAT WORKED FOR LEGAL AID..
No he doesn’t , we were hoping to see if he can be paired with legal aide for veterans
I have tried  calling legal aid but no one answers
Thank to you too. I am seeking help for legal aid. My next court date on the 21th. Of this month
Thank you. I need a paternity sign by a judge. A legal Aid told me.
I need a legal aide lawyer about my apartment
May I have their contact info? So far, all I have is local (civil) legal aid, and the assigned counsel office that already denied me
i am just looking on how to get a legal aide attorney as i can not afford a lawyer
thanks, I put in a form for legal aid in Binghamton...
I am over income to get help from legal aid
I am looking for a legal aid due to my financial situation
Are these legal aid family court lawyers
CARES ACT and free legal aid about if my landlord can do this abuse
Hello I need a legal aid for a Appel with a fair hearing case
i need a legal aid because I can’t afford an attorney
Legal Aid does not help in divorce issues. I tried them, but I will try the others. Thank you
