I I cannot afford a lawyer. How can I do something about all this debt that's being added to my name?
and the judge made a final order for me to pay $350 a month which i can't even afford
yes since I cant afford one
I need a lawyer but I can't afford one
I don't have a job so I am looking for an affordable lawyer.
legal fees are already 14,000 I just cannot afford it.  But I cannot afford to stay married either
Also, she probably cannot afford an attorney or other expenses associated with handling his death.
Maybe in the future I don’t know what I’m able to afford going forward with any of this
I'm poor and cant afford a lawyer
Are there lawyers that assist ppl like myself. I certainly can not afford one
Yes, but I can’t afford an attorney. My exhusband doesn’t pay child support, and he gets a free lawyer.
I can’t afford a lawyer at the moment so I would have to do it myself
What can I do because my daughter and son might get hurt and I can't afford to move right now
i cannot afford a lawyer either is there a way i can get a free one?
Seems all lawyers want money first . And I can't afford that. If a settlement is reached then I can pay
How can I get a lawyer in family court if I can not afford one?
I cant afford an attorney right now. I just wanted to know where on the site I can find the info. No legal advice here
I can't afford a lawyer and don't know what to do.
I wasnt sure if I would need one but I def cant afford that
Thank u so much! I can’t afford a lawyer.
yeah i have medicaid i probably can't afford a lawyer
I need an attorney but can't afford much and need one I can make payments too for my criminal defense
I contacte one lawyer and he was askign $5000.00 which I cannot afford
To be honest, we can't afford alot..he has been there for over 9 yes now
I can’t afford an attorney I haven’t worked in five years
They have been through court cases about all of this, but nothing has been done because her mom can't afford a proper lawyer.
I need a free lawyer for my case i m broke i cant afford private lawyer
I'm so lost & don't know what direction to go.. I cant cant afford a lawyer..
I was told to get a lawyer but I can’t afford one
I would prefer to not use my lawyer if at all possible as he is expensive and I can’t afford it
I cant afford 500 dollars an hour
I can't afford an immigration lawyer I want to know if I have a chance to change my situation.
can't afford expensive law firms
i haven’t payed anything because I can’t afford it
Thank you. I currently am unable to afford representation.
Yes, I wanted to confrim that and also, I can't afford a lawyer and was looking for representation.
I had one and cant afford to pay anymore
I don't have money to afford a good lawyer
i think I need a lawyer for medical malpractice. But I can’t afford one. Hoping to find someone to help me.
I need a guardianship lawyer but I can't afford one
I have a neighbor thats making false allegations against me and I need to protect myself but I can't afford a lawyer
I am going through a contentious divorce not being able to afford representation.
I can't afford a lawyer and need help with someone defaming my character
uh we're pretty poor, we can't afford a lawyer
Yes I need to find information on obtaining a divorce. I cannot afford to pay for it.
I need help finding an attorney but I cant afford one
She does not have fair representation without a lawyer and cannot afford to retain one
I cant afford a lawyer, but I need to do something... my 2 kids are suffering the price
Not at this time.  We were curious if one  could be appointed for him for this?  (he can't afford one on his own?
I can not afford a lawyer but I appreciate any help I can get
I'm seeking custody of my granddaughter and can't afford a lawyer can you help?
I cant afford my lawyer anymore and need a court appointed lawyer
I can't afford an attorney and I could be found in contempt
if it helps, I live in 10026.  I can not currently afford council.
Yes, he is saying cannot afford with child support
she asked that I respond with my lawyer’s name but I can’t afford one
I don't want to sign the lease without that rider bc I can't really afford the full amount
I can't afford a lawyer.  I lost my work with covid
My wife is an attorney with council and she did this b/c she knows I can't afford it.
lokking for legal help cant afford a lawyer
I need a lawyer. I can't afford a lawyer.
Yeah. I feel i can not afford a lawyer and also I don't know how to response the case
Also I need free legal services please this will be difficult and I cant afford a lawyer
I can not afford a lawyer either . I am on worker’s compensation at the present time
Yes, I will take information.  I am not interested in an attorney, as I cannot afford one
hi, I need a lawyer but I cannot afford one. Where can I get help?
Is the service of the lawyer free? I am a low income earner who can't afford an attorney.
I would like to have a separation agreement made and can't afford a lawyer. How can I go about doing it?
i can't afford the atty fees because i'm unemployed
lawyer referral would be great but worried I cannot afford it
I need a lawyer to stop it now and take from there I need to stay here cant afford moving
We were but she's had it moved to supreme Court because she knows I can't afford an attorney
Im looking for help.im separated from my husbanf and cant afford to file for divorce
On a set income it's really hard to afford this.
He as obtained a lawyer . I can not afford one . I did my own divorce .
No thank you.  I can not afford one, my divorce bankrupted me
I am her closest relative but can't afford exorbitant fees
Thank you, I would love some legal help right now but I cannot afford a lawyer
I am trying to find an affordable lawyer to get custody for my son
I can’t afford one is a lawyer necessary because we are both in the same agreement
and I was thinking to get a attorney but can’t afford one
I am looking to get divorce.  I can’t afford an attorney.
i need help to get a free lawyer because I myself can not afford one
I cannot afford to pay for an attorney that the reason why I was trying to do it
I don't have a lawyyer and can't afford one
She might be able to work with a paid attorney if he/she was very affordable.
i am the father, i was incarcertated and applied for unemployment. they are taking 99 dollars a week automatically and i can afford that
I’m a college student and do not have money to pay. I was referred to a lawyer and couldn’t afford
Wanted know what were my options especially if I can't afford the child support.
Yes. But I can't afford to pay any fee. I am 62 and living by the only income of $ 984 monthly from SSD.
I know many people hire lawyers specialized in ERISA matters but I simply cannot afford one
i can not afford a attorney i want to answer the charge which i did by contacting ESL attornies
I know I have grounds but I need to know if I can do it without an attorney because I can't afford it.
I have a hearing coming up but I can't afford a lawyer.
I would really prefer a lawyer but cant afford one so im just trying to find this out
I DON'T KNOW EVEN WHAT LAWYER TO ASK FOR. WHO HOW TO FIND SOMEONE WE CAN AFFORD.
I need to find a lawyer for legal advice on  separation divorce and spousal support but I can't afford one.
I need a family lawyer that I can afford by my income
I’m looking to file for a divorce but I’m not able to afford a lawyer
Financial damage to the point I can't afford representation with out contingency.
Hello I dont have a lawyer for my chidl custody and child support case. I cant afford one either.
I can afford an attorney and would like to do everything myself
Well i talked to private attorneys i can't afford one
I cant afford a lawyer but if there are resources that can help me i woukd gladly accept
I'm going through a divorce and cannot afford a lawyer
Also didn't the modification mean I cant afford anymore than what I am paying
I would appreciate it. Are their services free? I cant afford paying for lawyer at this poin
but Im a single mom and on a fixed income and don’t make much so I can’t really afford a lawyer
Chemung county Elmira ny 14901 I'm on a fixed income and can't afford attorney fees
possibly a lawyer but i can't afford an expensive one im a college student
The baby has special needs and I cannot afford everything anymore
I can't afford a lawyer so is there free help out there for me
Hello. Looking for affordable representation for 7th degree charge
are they expensive though? I can't afford attorney fees :(
Yes, but I can’t afford it. Are there any programs where I can get help for free?
I feel terrible because my child needs to see her therapist and get braces and I cant afford it.
I can’t afford anymore travel/expenses in/out of states.
I don't think I can afford to go through a custody modification.
Y problem is that I have no money no income I cannot afford an attorney
trust me, i have. i think my case is uncommon, so the websites don't answer the question. i can't afford a lawyer.
I work part time and I can’t afford a lawyer
I have a public defender and I fear that I'm going to lose my kids because I can't afford a real lawyer
i can’t afford a lawyer and I need help with an existing custody order
I need to find information on how someone can be released from jail if they r just vehicle misdeaonors and can't afford to p9st bail
I cannot afford to go to NY Queens to the hearing
I don't have the money to afford an attorney so it looks like I'll be doing this alone.
I’m sure I need an attorney. I honestly just can not afford one right now
Now I can't afford to move as rents will be much higher.I've been here 26 yrs!
Hope so I know filing fee about 400 hundred and lawyer 5000 dollars can't afford
Call couple law firm Q A state can't afford
yes, even a consult as I can't afford an attorney
That would be fantastic. Are there any lawyers or groups available that are willing to work with families on payment plans to afford their services
I cant afford one. Being a level 2 has been life difficult
and I could not afford to take him back to court after he stopped paying.
and headed for a joint chapter 7 but can not afford a lawyer for that either
I really can't afford an attorney. I need legal counsel regarding child support and restoring my driving privileges
if you can provide a lawyer from the court that would help me a great deal I can not afford to pay a lawyer
Can't afford an attorney  yes general information please
I want to file for divorce but do not know how the process goes. I can not afford a lawyer
when can i be assigned a lawyer? because i can't afford to hire my own and what are the steps after i petition the court?
I have been looking for resources but I can not afford them, that would be so helpful
I can't afford to pay full any. willing to continue payments but with out disenrollment
I can't afford a lawyer, I can't pay my rent!
All of them is free I can't afford to pay for anything I'm not working
I can afford to pay a private attorney . J
