Hi I will like to know how to file for a repetition
i would like to know which form do i file to get divorce i have 2 children with my expartner
and i would like the links for court as well
I would like to know how to efile my electronic testimony
i would like to have this rectified and need an attorney as I am still happily married
I would like to file for custody and don't see this option
hello Tziona! Yes; I would like to continue...
yes I would like to apply for the court-appointed one
I have Court  virtually  on March 4,2021 I would like to address this  situation at that time
Yes I would. I would also like to file for custody of my daughter.
Hi, I would like to know how do I go forward into getting temporary custody for 3 young children I’ve been caring for.
I would like to know the rules about running a summer day camp
I would like advice about a non disclosure agreement
I really would like to find legal representation of some kind through these resources
I would like to know if I have a deportation case open on file
I would like to know what are the steps to removing my daughter from her grandmother
Yes i would like to know how can i fight for a costudy
I would like to know if there is a range or a fixed amount that an attorney must get from a workers comp case?
I would like to get my name off an Life estate deed
I would like to know the requirements to get a letter of testamentary.
I would like to know how I can go about the process
I would like to put my daughters father on child support. How would I go about applying.
yes I would like to enforce child support
I received divorce papers like 5 days ago but i would like to contest the divorce
I’m on the state registry I would like to know if this impacts me in a custody battle
i received a settlement but i do get medicare/Medicaid and would like to keep my insurance
I would like examples to support my case
i would say most likely the end of feb
I wold like to know my rights as a teen mom
I would like to obtain the legal petition for sibling/custody form how ? Is pdf a start?
I would like to know on how to filed a custody petition for my children
Hi I would like some information about child support
I would like to file for custody for my grandson
Hi I filed a petition and would like to know the status
i would like to know where i can get legal help to protect myself and my kids from their father who is dangerous
I would like to speak to someone about filing divorce. What are the procedures? Would you like a little bit of a background?
I would like to know when I can send out the consent forms.
there’s nothing I can do on my own like go to the court
Yes would like to know if I need a lawyer for a living trust
Hi Melanie, I would like to withdraw a petition
i have a family case and child sport . i would like to get a loyer
Thank you, I would also like a legal referral.
I would like to file for custody online how do I do that
I would like them evicted, but they are violent and have rap.
I’d like to know if catfishing is illegal in NYC
I would like to know what forms do I need to file for legal custody of a minor
i would like to  know what petition i need to file out for child support
I would like to cancel paternity and divorce
so i would like a mediator instead of having my case in front of a jude
I have a judgement against someone and I would like yo locate any assets
Hello i would like help filling out my renewal for DACA.
Hello, I would like to find out where I can get help filling out a petition
also I would like to know how CHild support is calculated if my ex is working
i would like  some help on my child support was ,I'vebeen receiving sis alley life
i just would like to know how i can mail my visitation petition papers to?
I would like to get advice regarding divorce, child custody, support, alimony
I would like to but I cant afford to so I would like to find all the DIY forms
how would custody work and how would the assets go?
The bit I would like to confirm is that if the CBP believe that travel for child visitation is classed as "essential"
Hello my name isTamia I would like to file for a divorce but I don’t know exactly where to start
I just would like to know how I can get a petition of visitations for the father of my daughter
I would like to know how i would file a bill of particulars
Yes I would like information. Thank you.
she would like to know if she qualifies for asylum or a visa in the usa
I would like to know where I can go to get assistance with pursing a suit against a real estate agent
Would also like more information about my rights
Yes. I would like a custody hearing. How can I start?
thay would be great. Court lingo is like Greek to me. Lol
hello I would like to file for a Writ of
I would like to know how can I file petitions online
I would like to have my son some days of the week
The company LVNV funding purchased the debt an is now taking me to court. I would like to answer this court document
I would like to add him on my insurance from my workplace. I just don't know how to do so.
I would like to know my rights and if there is anything I can do
Hello i would like to get information on visitation?
I would like to know where/how To find a criminal lawyer that would review a case
Yes would like help with filing for divorce
Would you like me to resent the information about my situation?
so they really would like to hear it from someone they trust and respect
I would like to know what is the procedure of getting a divorce?
good evening, I would like to inquire regarding forms
Todi would like to register for the virtual discussionay @6:00pm
I would like to know how to send a file to court
Hello I would like to know file a petition for my child support
I would like to get child support for my daughter
I am in Brooklyn and would like to file for custody
We are looking at other options for legal guardianship but we would like to explore this possibility of the grandmother to apply for cuatody
i was laid off from work because of the situation going on and would like for my court order to be modified,what can i do?\
I would like to know if a civil rights lawyer would support me with this matter??
I would like some information on mediation for custody of a grandchild
Hi. I would like to know if a witness to a fight have to issue his/her address when in trial in nys courtz.
I would like to know my divorce status
I would like to file to get a transcript for that date
I would like to know what do I need to do if some one owes me money
I would like to file for a separation, and need to find a sample form.  All  found was for a divorce
I will like to know about ex parte divorce
hello, I   would like to know the steps into filling a custody  petition? and if I   would be able to do it online?
I would like to write a petition for my child support
i would like to know how I can place myself on child support
I live in dutchess county,  I would like to know how to file an order of enforcement in regards to the divorce decree.
I would like to modify i believe thats what it is a custody case.
I would like to know is it possible to relinquish my own parental rights
And I forgot I would like to file for back child support as well
I would like to know if visitation cases have begun to be heard yet?
I would like help in my immigration interview
I would just like to know if there are any laws regarding letting my child live with someone else.
I would like to know how much money I owe for tickets
Hi, I would like to know how I start my divorce
Hi I would like to file a claim on malpractice
I would like an attorney but how much do I have to pay
I would like to know when court will work again
Would like to have son removed from my home/apt
I would like to find service about renting occupant righys
I would like to find a lawyer that would help me in a discrimination case
I don’t know much about this I would like someone to explain me my rights and responsibilities
I would like to give custody to his dad
I would like to know what I need to file for child custody
i would like information about legal help to pursue an immigration case?
so a petition would more than likely be denied is that assumption
I would like to obtain an divorce from my husband.
I would like to know if that date has been changed
I would like to know if I can reopen a child support case
i would like to know where I can get a form to start a petition for custody of my granddaughter
I would like to know the easiest way to develop a simple will
I would like to know being that I am collecting unemployment are they able to call child support out of that
I would like to file for divorce, ask for child support. Everything online
But like I said I have had costady of the child for 8 months now and I would like to put her on child support
I would like to complete my Efile online and Would like to clarify a few thing before submitting my file.
I would like to see how a parent can get there child into the PINS program.
But right now there's a backlog at the courts, correct? So, it would likely be a while before this would get resolved. Yes?
I would like to vacate these 2 judgements
Hello, I would like to know in which jail my son is in. His name is Juan Antonio Hernández Rosas.
where can I find how old a child has to be to decide whom she would like to live with.
I would like to know what to do to get him back Without being in trouble for kidnapping
And I would like to know how can I receive free legal help
oh, that would be so good.  How would I go about having him pay for my attorney?  Is there another form?
I would like to file petition on child support
I would like to know how to go about filing for bankruptcy
i live in queens and would like a referral programs for divorce lawyers
Hello I finished signing a petition I would like to know where do I send it?
Hello, my father pays for me through child support and I would like to remove myself. Would that be possible?
So I would like a lawyer dealing in this specific county
i would like advice on how go abouts the divorce processes seeing this would be my fist
He would be afraid of them because she he was drunk he would be Vunrrable.
I'm a father and I would like to know my rights and what to do. My ex has left and joined a cult.
I would like to file an Affidavit in Opposition.
yes I would like that I want to know my rights
okay. I would like to upload that one
looks like i would need to visit my local court building
I would like to get information on how to start a divorce filing
i would like to know how would I schedule a hearing for modification of child support that is now in areas?
Hello, I would like to know how to go about receiving child support from my ex-husband?
I would like to know about  Family Court Mediation services
I would like to file for custody of my daughter
Hello. I just need information about mediation. I read the website and I would like to know how to file.
I would like to know how I can receive my marriage certificate since I got married on the 25th.
I would like to know if I can apply for a modification of my visitation with my daughter?
I have case numbers I would like to know what they are
More specific: I would like to know which sections I would need to fill out. There is no DIY online.
Yes I would like  and need that information
We would like to file an order of filiation for our daughter
I would like to get a divorce but I don't have the means or the lawyer how to do it
Hello i would like to know if there's anyway i can recieve a copy of my marriage certificate
i would like to get legal help regarding my child support
before start apply for custody I would like to know what documents I need to apply?
I would like to know if I can file for custody of my daughter. Her mother and I are separated.
i would like to file for custody of my son what don in have to do
I would like to know where do I go to find documents to file for attorney fee in a child support violation case
hi I would like to know how I could file for a divorce
I would like assistance in finding an attorney
I would like to know more about a separation agreement ! Is it a legal document and what it implies !
I would like to know how do I file separation papers?
Hello, how are you?? I would like to know i can remove the guardianship of my children s from my cousine please
i would like to know what I could do after I file a petition for custody of my granddaughter
I would like to view information on marriage of minors
I would like to know if I'm qualified for th eleagal assistance?
i don't even have the mariege certificate and i would like to get it
I would like to know about my legal rights to my children.
Hello I would just like to download a custody petition. No idea how
she just would like to make documentations for her end of life
i would like to know what is the minimum width required for a main entrance door?
I feel like this may be the right time to negotiate on both BUT I would like to know about the BETTER tactic
If I would like a free lawyer, would you provide me with some
I would like to know about the FERPA Act of 1974
No, I would like to know where I can get information about supervision here in Brooklyn NY?
I would like to know the steps to take to get a custody & visitation agreement
I would like information on my paternal rights
I would like to have visitation for the father of my kids and i would like to know how can i go about that
hi, i would like to file a petition to get the custody of my son
I would like the help center number/email
Hi there,I would like to know if I can get help to pay my conedison bill and  what I need to do so.
Hi, I would like to get some information regarding Non-Competition agreements in NYC
I would like to know the process for divorcing an inmate in NYS
Hello  I would like to file for temporary  custody for my grandkids at orange county can u email me the forms that needed shimceleste829@?gmail.xom
I would like to file for my money lost
I would like help to figure out how I can get at least temporary custody of my granddaughter
Hello I would like to k le
Ye, I would like you to and that would also be greatly appreciated.
I would like to file for divorce and child support online
I would like to know how can I start a visitation case
As administrator of my sisters estate I would like to know if it is possible to make partial distributions of assets to beneficiaries
I would like to forgive 20,000 but not all. Is that allowed?
I do NOT want to give guardianship to her mom. I would like to raise my child.
Hello! I would like to know what I have to do with the child support if I’m no workings at this time
I would like to know how I can go about taking a bank to court in regards to a loan
Yes I would like to have some resources or attorney referrals
I would like to know how to send EDDS forms?
I would like to evict a roommate for non-payment
I would like to file an OOP in NYC
Hi I don't have my order number I live in the state of Minnesota and would like to petition a modification
I would like to know what form should I sign if I would like to enforce the court order that we was giving
I would like some help to file a divorce
I am 19, living separate from my parents and supporting myself. I would like to be legally emancipated from them.
I would like to file a lawsuit again and fast food corporation
I would like to know if I have any cases against me I would like to become a Forster parent
I would like to know what kind of support or what can be done about  other employees on a construction site where I work
Hi. I would like to know if your office could help my father add my brothers to his deed?
Thank you. Yes I would like to continue
I would like information on a nuisance case.
i checked there i would like to know if you can email me a form for a bill of parrticulars
I would like to get help from a lift operator
I would like to know how can I go about getting a paternity for my son
Ok I would like to open trucks business
Would like to fight for the rights to see my son
I would like that please, I am the father and would like half custody law wise and her to visit me here and there
Would like to have information how to do petition for guardianship for my grandson
You welcome! I would like to file bankruptcy
I would like to give my baby's father child support
yes, we have a sentence. I would like to try mediation
i would like to file a custody petition but i do not know how to
I would like to know if someone failed to comply with a court order can and how can I have it modified immediately
Great afternoon!!! I would like to know if there is any assistance available to help fill out DIY divorce papers?
Hi I would like to get emancipated I’m 16
I would like a legal service that would help me file for bankruptcy.
I would like to terminate an existing child support order
We would like the child to go back to the bio parents
I would like to know if I can switch my case to another court because I moved?
I would like to know how do I find on the website the form to change my child supporrt case?
I would like to child support make me a plan payment
do you know which form would be suitable for my situation?
I would like to know my rights and steps to take when he does
I would like to know the laws behind all of this
Yes.. Child custody both parties are in agreement but would like to keep it pit of court if we can
I would like to know how to withdraw my petition for support without prejudice.
And yes, if you have a referral or three, I would definitely like them.
I would like to find out what my rights are as the baby's father (he is due Nov. 4th).
We would like to know how much he can raise the rent and if we have any legal rights to contest it
hello, I   would like to know what form I   have to fill out  for custody and visitation
How exactly would I go about applying for custody?
I am 15 looking to be emancipated at 16 and would like to know how to go about that
I would like know information about child support and visitation
Would I be able to like order it like that or like print it from that website
I would like to file a divorce in queens. I would like to connect with a lawyer who can assist me with the process
Hi I would like to know if someone had custody of your kids can u still file them on your taxes
yes. I have an upcoming case for child mainteanance against my child father and would like to withdraw
I would like to know how to obtain a lawyer to help my son
Since I can’t receive guidance on my current court situation I would like to know my legal rights as a Service Member
I have a toddler that me and my suppose would like to have dual custody of
i would like to know about bankruptcy if you guys help pay
I would like to know how can I research where independent record labels register their artist(s)
Hello. I am filing for custody of my three children and would like to know what documents I need.
I would like to know what form are use to petition Family Court violation of child support
I would like to know how to send a copy of my pay stub to Erie County assigned council program?
I would like to know  where can i get and what forms to file for legal
I would like to appeal an other than honorable discharge status.
I would also like to know how Can I have vision in order. We were never married
for both his parents...that would be nice... at least they would be contributing toward his expenses
Like it would be the same as selling it to someone els which is what I would have to do
my child’s in foster care and I would like for her siblings to know her
I   would like to know what website do I   go to in order to file for custody and visitation
i would like to know what is the process of filling for custody when one of the parents lives in another country
Hello, i would like to know how can i find out if there any unresolved family court matters that i may be attached to?
I would like to know how to start a petition for child support?
I would like my drivers licence back
It's a child support and custody case I would like to file
I already have the form, but thank you. I just would like to know, if I can file online?
Had a support adjustment on September 29 and I would like a copy. Payments went down retroactive but how do I collect
I would like to file for a violation of a child support order
I’d like to know if I can file an order of filiation before a child is born? In ChemungFamilyCourt ?
yes I would like to know that email to send it to
I would like to learn how to register them to ny
i would like to file for child support and custody I live in queens can I do that online?
i would like to take my child untill the prceeedings
I would like to know how can i remove the guardianship of my children from my cousin
Hi, I would like to file the form to obtain a transcript
I would like to know how can I treat pws
Hi I would like to know can I file for custody online?
I would like to know how can an inmate get a lawyer to file for a divorce.
I would like to file custody of my grandchild. And would like to do it today
My child not bron yet I would like to know if I can start a case on the father
Hello.i would like to make changes to my child support.how do I do that?
I would like to know if I can see a social worker or if there are organizations that can help me
I need to start a child support petition. I would also like to know information about having sol/full custody of my son
I would like to terminate my child support
And I would like to know how I can go about applying for child support help
I would like to know how to track if the Will was being registered ?
I would like to know what I should get ready
i would like to know where to find information for landlords
will child support most likely be involved in that or that would also be  a separate case?
I would like to take legal action
Hello, I picked up my Judgement of divorce and I would like to know If I have to serve my spouse.
I would like to know what paper I need to file with the court to take my ex spouse to court for college expenses?
Hello, I would like to get assistance filling out petitions
Kind of like an extended vacation, but he would need a pediatrician there
I would like to know when are my visitation days
If that’s my only option I would like the attorney information.
i would like to file for child support
I would like to add a provision to the agreement
i would like to locate the forms I would need if I wanted to have a third party take temporary custody of my child?
That’s ok, I would like to continue
Hello. I would like to know how do I go about getting my eviction record sealed?
I would like to know if im being overcharged in rent.
I would also like to know would the landlord be obligated to re-home us due to these persistent issues
I just would like to know how can I obtain a child support order
I would like to file a petition for my Neice and Nephew
I would like any information you have. I would like help with resolving the situation as best as I can without a lawyer if possible.
Hi. I would like to know whats the procedure to get a divorce in nyc
I would like to know more about that case and why it was unfounded
Yes ....Would like information on living trust
Hi.  I would like to know where I can find and print a copy of an existing custody agreement
I would like to file a petition for custody of my child, how would i do so?
i would like to know how can I go about getting a landlord
However, I would like a legal separation from my spouse.
I would like to file for legal and physical custody, as well as, child support. Do I have to do this in person?
i would like to know how I can get legal help.
I would like to give up my rights to my child
Would you know how long would visitation take to be effective ,
I would like to file for custody for my daughters
I would like to understand if I would be able to fight this in court
Hi how you doing I would like to know how to go about  Taking someone off child support
I just know that there is a refrain from against the father of my kids and I would like it to be removed
I would like for a lawyer to make a simple will for me (otha)
i would like to purchase a property from Foreclosure auction in manhattan. I would like to prepare my down payment checks.
I would like to know how to file a for custody & visitations of my grand daughters.
How you doing I would like to know how do I go about signing all my rights over as a parent
I just would like to know what rights I have and deal with this as civil as possible
Hello, I would like to know information about a child support order statute of limitations
I am looking into divorce. I would like to know if I have evidence such as text messages of infidelity, does that count for alimony?
Yes i live in a different state i would like to know if i can still get visitation outside of nyc
I live in the Bronx and would like to know where to start...family court or surrogates court?
I would like to get the custody of my child
As of right now i would like to be legally seperated.  Until a full decision can be made
I would like to know how do I go about filing bankruptcy
would you know which form exactly do I need
I would like to be found not responsible for this over payment
Tnks you. I would like to know what is the statue of limitation to sue for a death due to window not working
1st I would like to know if I sto
i would like to know if the price of loving comes into affect (nyc ..vs ..nc)
I would like to know how can I send out a notarized GF-17 fjorm
My insurance would except him I already know that
Yes I would like both rights and legal referrals thank you
I would like to file a petition for child support where do I go
I would like to know how could I get a  certerfild  court  oder  child surport coppie
I would like to know more about the petition and the documents I need
Ok i would like that it needs to be a attourny that handles tenets rights as i am being bullied out of my business facility
Would like to know who to direct the claim too;  I am thinking it would be quite difficult to serve a mentally disturbed individual.
Hi  I would like to know how to apply for partial custody of my child?
Hello I would like to know if I can file for child custody here in NY an my child lives in Pennsylvania
Hey i would like to know what i need to get my cousing rap sheet because he out of state
i Would like to know regarding my visitation order
I would like to know how to go about re opening a section 8 voucher.
I’d like to know if it is possible download or have a copy of a disclaimer form
Hi I would like to know What to file first for divorce regarding forms
If there were examples of what the notice would look like when it was completed correctly would be very helpful
Hello, I would like to file for custody but would like to know if family courts are open?
I would also like to file for support as well.
I would like to they make me a plan payment
i would like to find legal counsel in regards to a potntial subpoena
I have 2 inquires that I would like information on
Hi I would like to know how to file a petition for child support
I would like to know how l can go about filing a complaint with the Citu
Yes I would like to and I have the papers that I received.
I would like to file for custody for my son , he’s currently with his mother
Filing for a modification of support would like to know if i can fax documents/petition
I would like to get emancipated but I don’t know exactly how to go about it.
I would like to know what my legal rights are
I would like to kno how can I go about filing for separation from my husband
i would like know my rights for emancipation.
No. I would like to have my legal rights as her father.
I applied for child support but I would like to get the costudy what do I do ?
Thank you so much! Would like to print them out, get them notorized and in the mail by saturday if possible.
Like I would like to write one up, but am not sure if a non disclosure agreement works with my situation
I would like to find the custody petitionform
I would like to find out more information about child support cases
I have an interesting question, and i would like to know if you think i could get help
I will be going to court for a visitation order and would like to know if my son or I will have legal representation
I would like to petion for child support
I would like to petition a change in the order that I pay
i am looking to file for custody and child support and would like to speak to an attorney for some guidance.
I would like to know were can i go to petition my kids father for support
I would like to know how do I go about filing for custody for my children
i would like to take my husband off child support
i would like to know what I would have to do to get custody of my younger sibling
i would like to fill out a petetion for custody
I would like help in getting a court order against an infringement offender.
No we’re not quite there. We have two young children and would like to know how to get this stuff fixed properly
I would like to know if i am inwtitled to read my grand fathers will
i would like to change venue of couer
I would like to know how I can file for a temporary custody of my grand daughter
I would like you to help me get a Lawyer my court case is in November 30, 2020
Hello! I would like to know if there is a way I can start a roommate holdover case?
I would like to know if Queens County is open for business I was informed that everything has stopped because of Kovic 19
I WOULD LIKE TO WITHDRAW A FAMILY OFFENSE PETITION
I would like to file for child custody papers in broBrook
I would like to know how can i file an viditation petition
No thank you. I would like to file the petition myself. Under what text is it for do it yourself forms
Hello would like to start my divorce papers but it keep saying no because I have 2 minors
I was assigned Gary Freedman,I would like another attorney
Hi I would like to petition for child support
i would like to know how to appeal a child support order
I would also like to know would the landlord be obligated to regime us due to these persistent issues
I would like help with downloading evictions forms an written demand forms
no can i look into both.  I would like to start ASAP, before ex spouse retires this year.
i would like to apply for child support and custody/joint custody
I would like to know if my marriage is still valid.
I would like to know how can I  go about inquiring about my husband filing for a divorce
Now because of my daughters condition, I would like to actually pursue succession rights again. Is that even possible?
I would like to know how to fill out general form 40 for filing a petition for family court
Hello, I would like some legal help.  It's not a court case yet but I think it might go there
I would like filing a petition to waive the rears balance Of an old child support case
