can i file a petition for custody online, via electornic filing?
He has filed a petition to decrease child support, after I filed a violation of non-payment.
what are the service requirements for a petition for custody modification?
I’m trying to file a petition for Coustody/visitation modification
where can i find online a petition to file for custody and establish child support
I need help filling out my petition for custody
I used the DYI program for a petition to enforce a custody order- not I need to file it.
The courts keep telling me to file my petition for child support online how do I do that? Where can I find the information?
Yea I found that also.  But no form?? How do I file petition.?
Hi I need to File a petition for my child
I want to petition the court for custody of my child
i  did and all it gives me is the custody modification or custody enforcement. not a new petition
i need to file a new petition to see my child.
Hi I’m looking for help in filing a petition for child support amendment
I still have the same question. Is the petition different or the same to file for custody of the child
I want to know where I a can receive o fill out online a petition of custody
I’m trying to file a petition for custody online an it takes me every where else except where I need to go
I want to file a petition for custody for my son
can someone file a custody petition now in bronx family court?
Two is how do I find the forms to lower my support? I have already filed the petition and go to court on the 1st.
I need to file a petition for custody for my son . How should I go about doing it
i need help filing for custody petition
i want to file a new custody petition
The sample petition on page 33 is for a lawyer to fill out and file
iam trying to file a custody petition
I am trying to use the edd to file a petition. how do I do that
Hi, I need to find a form to file a Petition to Revoke Limited Letters of Administration
I would like to take "Joe" back to court for enforcement of the petition and changes to the original petition.
i need file a amended Custody violation petition in family court, and would like to know how, and which form to use?
I need to file modification petition form
hi I’m trying to file a petition for custody for my Cousin
but she wants to file a child support petition on me
is there a diy form to file the petition to avoid the line ?
How do I file a petition for Custody and Child Support??
Hey how you doing I’m trying file a petition
im looking for the edd form for filing a petition to modify family court custody thing. To file for drug testing
I’m doing a petition form and don’t know what emp mean and atty
Yes.  How can I find the online version/form to file a modification or petition?
i will like to file a new child support petition, can’t find the link
My name is Ramon Acevedo, I filed the petition vs Pamela Acevedo
Can I file a Child support petition online?
I just need a way to file out a petition and file it online
I wanted to file a petition for child support but my children are undocumented. Am I still able to move forward with the petition?
I need help filing a family court petition
I filed a violation and he filed a petition to decrease.
I want to file a Emeregency Covid19 petition for my husband
When filling out a DIY petition, is there a thing as too much information in the petition?
It is for a custody petition, but I have also filed a petition for support modification
how do I file a custody modification petition in court during these times?
I also want to file a petition to modify/change custody
I am looking for a form for new custody petition
My mother did file a petition for modification. Can she ask to have me emancipated in the petition
Hi,,i will like to file a a petition on child support
Hello, need to file an answer for eviction petition
Hello my name is shiann heyward i want to file a petition for legal custody.
Is there a way to file a custody petition online and not in the court house
Can father just come to court and file the petition there?
I need to know where I can find information about filing a petition for obtaining my mothers and fathers marriage certificate online.
How do I file a petition for my ex gf breaking a court ordered custody agreement
do you know how much is it to file a petition for a 7 yrs old as well??
i want to know if I can go in to the family court and file a child custody petition
i heard family court is not taking new petitions.  If someone perjures themselves in a petition how can we refute that, what motion gets filed
no i need assistance to file a petition to take someone off of child support
Hello, where can I find the forms to petition to file for child support?
I need to file a new petition for custody of my children
Can i file a petition for custody if no order is existing?
Hello i need help to file a custody petition
I need help petitioning custody and support cases
Can I come in to the court house and file a petition?
I was hoping there would be a DIY custody petition
i need to add detial to my exsisiting petition
Is there a link to file a petition online or is it just the DIY form
I’ll give them a call. If I file a new petition, are courts facilitating them at this time?
I am trying to file for a guardianship petition for my niece
where can i find the service requirements if I wanted to file a petition?
I got an email stating I have to file petition for child support
I need help with filing a modification petition
I would like to file for custody of my daughter. Is that petition available online or do I have to go to the court house?
Hello i am trying to find the papers so i can file a petition online
I need to file a petition of child support
I created an account and did a petition but unable to find my petition that I created
i need the do it yourself online form for stating a child support petition
After I withdraw my pending petition, can I file a new petition via OSC?
1) are Petitions  to file for a violation of a custody order in family court online?
I have filled out the custody petition and just don't know where to file it online.
can i get intouch with an attorney to help me with the filing of the petition?
could you please guide how to file such petition
Where would I go to file a new petition of custody
I need assistance with child custody petitions
I would like to file a custody petition
I’ve done all that I need the email information to file the petition
I need help with split custody petitions
Hi I would like to file for petition of custody
I am looking to file out a petition for child support. Where would I find it?
Ok, so i can go online & file the petition
I need to find a relocation petition form
I moved to W.Virginia and i can't afford to go to N.Y. to file a petition I need assistance filing online
i need to know how to file a petition of custody
Just want to know if he can file a petition to withdraw acknowledgement within those days
I want to file a petition for child support
I need to locate petition forms to download.
where do i downlad the custody/visitation modicfication petition program???
Where can I find forms to file a petition for reinstatement of child support forms
I need to know how can I file a petition to terminate child support.
I need the petition to file for custody of a child
I’d like to file a petition for custody and child support
I just want to file a normal custody petition how do file for it
Where do I go to file a petition for chid support
Ok what i need to do for receive  a paper petition of custody
Where can I find forms to file a petition for reinstatement of child support
Can I file the petition online or do I have to go to Buffalo and file
I looking for a download able file for custody petition
i am looking for an Art 6 custody petition to fill out
I was told by CPS to file a V custody petition
I need to file a petition for custody against my daughter’s father in Monroe County, NYS. Is there an online fillable form available?
I need to file a petition for child support. How do i go about this
I need to file a petition to become a legal guardian for my mom
i am trying to find the like where i can file a petition online
is this what i need "Custody/Visitation Enforcement Petition Program"
I’m looking for custody petition form online
I want to file a petition for custody Over my son
What form do I need to file for a petition of modification
I want to make it official. How to file the petition
i just want to know where I can file a petition for child support online
how do i file a child support petition onine
I understand there is an opportunity to withdraw my pending petition and to file a new petition asking for the sole custody.
is  there  anyway  to  get a  sample  petition for  petition
Thank you. I will be trying to file the petition myself as I do not have an attorney
I need to file  Petition for modification and family court
I checked and they only have forms for custody petitions already established
I need help filing a custody petition
I want to file a petition modificarion for child support
If my ex-spouse has filed a petition to terminate alimony, how long doI have to respond to that petition?
I just need help filling out petition for custody
I’ll like to know what options do I have to file an petition to see my child
if I need to file a petition, who/where do I file? thank you
Do you know anything in regards to filing a custody petition?
I only saw modification or enforcement of an existing custody petition.
Can I file a petition of violation of child support online without going to the courts?
and also childsopport I also want to file a petition
I need to know what petition I should file for modification of guardianship.
What forms do i need to file a visitation/custody petition
I am trying to file a petition for letters of administration.
Is there a specific Petition I need to file in regards to custody if I am not a parent of the child
and does the paternity petition need to be filed before a custody petition, or can they be filed at the same time?
I need to know how to file a petition for custody for my mom
I already filed a modification for custody and will need to file a petition for child support too
Is there possible to file a new petition online? It has to be in person?
so i was looking to file a petition for child support matter
petition and custody general form gf 40
do i need to have a violation of support petition notarized or do i need a certification page
if I need to petition for custody do we file online or in-person during the pandemic?
I filed a petition in January and we had an hearing in which she acknowledge service
Am I able to file this petition online? Or do I have to do it in person?
I want to file a petition for custody over my son is there a form to fill online
I am also filling out a petition for modification for custody if that helps you look for what I need
I see sample petitions for custody modification. Are there sample forms for opposition to such a petition?
I already have Filed.. I just need to send the petition form to the courts
I’m trying to file a family offense petition
If a persons looking to seek physical custody of their children want to file a petition what petition would they be filing?
not to file the original petition. That’s all that I found as well
I need to start a visitation petition and child support petition
I need help filing out the custody petition
must I file a paternity petition prior to a visitation petition
Are the courts of the Bronx accepting new split custody petitions
Can he get someone else at LIFt to review the petition before he files it?
Hi. What do I have to do to file a petition for outstanding child support payments?
How can I go about filing a petition to increase my child support ?
I see you can put in different petitions on line but for child support I only see modification petitions
Do you know if i'm able to file te petition online or do I have to go to the courts
Hi, I am just interested in confirming if custody petitions cannot be filed remotely?
i need to help to file the petition electronically
How do I file a petition for custody in tioga county
Im asking if I need to file a petition
Im trying to file for custody petition online
can you assist me in the proper forms i need to file a petition to the court for guardianship over my grandmother
just to make sure I'm filing the right petition when apply for child support for one child its the individual petition i file correct?
so I want to file a child custody petition but I do not see the form online
I need to file a petition for child support
im on their website now filing a petition online
The Petition form for Child Custody . So I can file online for the upcoming Child placement Court meeting
What are the name of  the forms I need to file the petition?
I will also need a Petition for Letters Testamentary.
I need a modification petition and custody petition
I would like to file a petition for custody but I can’t find the form
I need general help with filling out my petition for custody
I want to file a petition for child custody
I know i need to file a petition for custody but what happens after that?
how can i file electronically custody petition online
i wanted to know the steps in filing petition for custody during COVID-19
I just need the relocation petition form. Where do I find that
I need to file a petition for child custody but the courts are closed
i need to file a child support petition in wayne county
Yes...My question is i want to file a paternity petition form,but now that the courts are close how can i file the petition in court?
And if it’s not what petition needs to be done to remove me from it
Help on where to file new child support petition o
And will it cost anything to file a custody petition?
what information does this person need to  file a petition against me
What effect the withdrawal of my petition will have on the pending petition of the mother of the child? WIll it be automatically granted?
I would like to file a new petition for child support
Im looking to file a petition for custody
yes I just need to file a petition to file so I can get the rest of the arrears
i would like to file a petition for custody and child support
How do i file for dismissal of a child support case due to inaccurate petition. (Petition states "decrease" when it should says increase)
I need to file a petition for withdrawal of funds from my daughter's restricted account
can i file a supplement to a custody petition if I get more information after filing?
I’m looking for the link to file a petition of custody for my nephews
can you advise where I can file a child support petition online or electronically?
How do I e file a support violation petition?
one question can I file the custody petition online ?
I’m trying to file a petition for custody
I was wondering if you can file a petition for custody in Queens County via online
Only seeing the custody/visitation enforcement petition. I’m looking to start a petition not enforce one.
when filing the petition will the order be enforced and will the non custodial be served
