It s regarding my former tenant moved out as of March 1, but still left some belongings in the apt
I’m not a tenant though. I own the condominium apartment
Do you know a number or office I can call regarding SRO tenants  rights
And I just learned that they are offering money to the other tenants but didn’t offer me anything
i'm looking for information on tenant rights regarding harassment/threats from building staff like doorman
That’s very nice but I know that I’m not a tenant so the same laws don’t apply to me
I was wondering where I can find information on tenants rights regarding access to my fuse box?
I am looking for a tenant right information with my apartment situation
I’ll check these out.  Am wondering about rent strike?  And/or starting tenants Association- you think this info addresses that?
the tenant keeps destroying the house and call hpd/dob...
I am a new home owner and two existing tenants have legal representation who sent me a letter demanding repairs
Hello, I need help finding legal services with regards to having illegal tenants occupying my nycha apartment evicted.
i am looking for a lawyer to bring a case against a tenant in NY city
Sanitary, angry door slamming on my floor and the tenant above me stomps,banging,throws
Most of the legal organizations I've found seem to focus on the tenant's rights not the other way around
I spent a lot on the repair. Now I can not afford the tenant and his utility
Would these be useful in regard to a situation where one tenant is harassing and intimidating another in a sublet situation?
I need to talk to a free tenant Lawer
Yes the tenant has already brought action against me or should I say the estate of my mother which I am responsible for
And a place to find a tenant attorney in Chautauqua County
Hi if a mobile home park is for sale do the tenants need to be notified in advance?
Is there a tenant requirements or law information page?
Thank you yes a lot of info for tenants and not landords
Between Oct 5, and Nov 8, were there any guidelines or extensions of executive orders barring removal of tenants from their homes in NYS?
I am being harassed and intimidated by another tenant in the apartment I live in.
I'm looking for info about my rights as a tenant during covid
I’m seeking information regarding tenants rights when renting an illegal apartment/unit
Is Fedex/UPS acceptable as a licensed process server that is able to deliver a T304 notice to a tenant?
I want to find a lawyer about tenant eviction
The letter indicated that the tenants are ready and willing to provide access and if repairs are not complete the tenants will pursue legal action
The income from tenants cover mortgage, costs and insurance and leaves extra money.
I have some issues what are my rights as tenants as  renovated most of the apartment i rent , what is my right who pays what?
Can a debtor ask my tenants to give them their rent ?
is this part of the mayors office tenant rent protection ?
Co tenant never signed the early termination agreement
Yes I’m a tenant and need info on how to fight a rent violation
I guess I am looking for any rights the owner/management has to ignore communication from tenants while observing a religious holiday
Hello I'm trying to find information on tenants rights
i am the tenant, and my stroller doesnt fit through the door of my building
Is there ever a situation when a tenant who literally cannot find suitable housing can have longer?
What can be done to remove a roommate who is not a legal tenant and has not complied with housing agreement between main lease holder?
Rights at this point.my name is not on the order.Do I have tenants rights??
Hi  wander my tenant let me have depression.  Can i sue him? Thanks
Stated illegal tenant because my property does not allow home owner to rent out to tenant.
Those penalties seem to me unfair this is for a specific tenant who wants to terminate early not because of the depolyment.
I seeing the page is all for tenant protection. Where can I find landlord protection as my tenant hasn't paid my rent for many months
I would like to send one to a tenant
primary tenants left  rental 1650 dollar a month appartment
Hello I need a lawyer for tenant rights I resident at nyc housing
I am not sure how the moratorium affects our situation,  since all the other  tenants have  moved out
i read on an article that if tenants are unable to pay their rent they cannot be evicted because of it. is that right?
I am a commercial tenant. I have not been able to utilize my office space due to COVID-19 NYC Pause and social distancing.
the tenants in my building including myself would like to start a tenants association
I am trying to locate more information on how to evict a tenant
Commercial tenants rights and obligations to pay is my essential question
What forms do I need to file tenant eviction form in court. I have served the tenant the 10 day notice to move
My issue is that they are never consistent with protocol and I don't actually know what I am responsible for as a tenant.
Information on what it means for tenants when the building is sold
Other tenant in building where I live is dealing drugs and the landlord refuses to evict tenant
I am doing a project regarding tenants who live in a NYS MItchell Lama Co-OP and each one has shares
I need to get the forms to evict a tenant for non payment
another tenant in breach of contract for another 16k
Ok thank you. The tenant has surrendered the property so they are technically no longer a tenant
He had banned my boyfriend from entering my apartment as well as disabled the electronic key fobs for the tenants of the building
Hello I have a question I’m a tenant in housing and I’m having problems with getting my transfer done
I have a question about tenants rights during COVID19. Can you help me with that?
we are tenants in a co-op with bed bug extermination, is this a case you can handle
Okay. Doesn't NYS have an online booklet for basic tenant rights.  Former state AG HAD ONE availa le.
There are illegal tenants living in her nycha apartment
tenant also had previous eviction right before mine
my tenant own $7000.00 of house rent. But yesterday she told me she might leave.
Are tenants entitled to additional copies of a residential lease (if they misplace the one originally provided)?
I am not sure believe that management, specificly using a tenant with warrant mental arrest. Saying slander desflamation about me because i live alone.
I looked up several tenants rights and I believe this is called forcing a tenant to move out using intimidation
I grt my mail there and intended on becoming. A permanent tenant
we are looking for a form to fill out to evict a tenant
I am seeking advice in regards to noisy tenants.
The auction sale happened yesterday and I would like to know my rights as a tenant
My lawyer did  non-payment to sue him but the case was canceled because he sent the letter to the tenant with mistakes
You see the tenants above me are running around their appartment and my building manager turns it round to my disfavor.
Private house nyc Tenant would like more info about my rights
I’m looking for an attorney for a tenant eviction issue
the place is usually week to week rental forn75% of tenants
Please direct me to a tenants rights attorney who can provide free legal advice regarding rent stabilized apartments and overcharge complaints
I wanted info regarding tenant association in dutchess county
They listen and send out flyers to the tenants not addressing the problem
Say that I am an occupant on the lease I'm not and occupantbim a tenant
I need to k ow about tenant rental issue
I want to sue my tenant. Because he let me have mental problem
just opened the link, not a tenant rights issue....its a divorce / family matter
Yes, understood. But weren't we also talking about a place where your org has information on tenant issues?
Do you have anyone that can help with starting a tenant association?
In your experience, does NYC Housing Authority ever come to visit on site to the apartment to ensure that the tenant still lives there?
I would like to sue my former tenant.
Can a tenant withhold rent due to discrimination and feeling unsafe due to another tenant?
Hi my name is Brandie and I'm trying to find out what the law is regarding new tenants paying for a previous tenants back rent
what are tenants rights as far as early lease termination?
The apartment was cheaply renovated in between the previous tenant and myself, and there is nothing filed on DoB
I have questions regarding the “Tenants Declaration Of Hardship During the Pandemic” form.  Where can I get assistance re: health hardship verbiage?
I want to start a nonpayment petition against a tenant
I have a bunch of landlord vs tenant questions but have came here for help and only was sent links. I am the tenant.
BUt not sure what the law is if the Screi tenants do not file this form
Where can I find upstate NY tenants rights
can i get help with information about evicting tenants
My building has gone for sale and I am a tenant , they have an offer and they want the tenants out.
I would like to obtain a restraining order on both tenants if possible because of the harrassment
Can a tenant block any entrance to an apartment with an appliance?
My tenant did not pay me for the month of April and never even gave me notice that she wasnt
Need assistance with an 84 years old tenant who is in Section 8 and wants to evict a Co tenant who refuses to get out
hello.  i would like some information about my rights as a tenant, specifically with regard to landlord entering apartment.
I want to know if i need to translate a 30-day notice for a tenant who doesnt speak english
I am looking hopefully for any free brief legal counsel for monroe county tenants. Do you know of any organizations I can call or contact?
I have been here a while and have utilities included but only my apartment is this way. Other tenants get Con Ed bills
ok,, so Gov Cuomo has not mentioned a 90 day deferred program to all tenants in NY
I've been a tenant for a year. When I moved in it was a lease take over.
Thank you so much, there is a plethora of  help for tenants, but not for renters that are just trying to do things right
I’d like to know how I can find out if a tenant got evicted before?
All the legal information I seem to find discusses primarily what the tenant's rights are.
one tenant owes me past due rent in about 16k
Building code due to tenant conduct
is There a law requiring foreign tenants to have American guarantors ?
You don.t have legal information about tenant right?
I NEED A FORM FOR A SUECURITY DISPOSITION FOR TENANT
