Thank you. This is my first time filing papers
The first one was while we were still in court. I believe the first access was in February and the second one was last weekend.
So the second link would be what I want or the first one?
Not fully sure now. I have to study the contents shared from you first.
hello I am looking to file a child support order , wondering what is the first step
Since she filed first I'm being told
Okay. That’s perfect. But how do Prove it? I’m sorry this is the first time I do this
then the second buyer bought the deed from the first buyer
when i file for custody will i see a mediator first?
i believe so, would you help to inform me what the first step to that would be.
I called them first. According to their recording they are not handling these matters at this time. I will try the website you provided. Thanks.
Thanks and you said go to ny court first for. Visitationn issue?
Yes that’s where the first buyers bought it
I am looking for information regarding filing a first time custody form. I am having trpubling finsing one qhich best fits the situation.
yess   i kow  that    but the say   i have to go to family  cord  first. cuz  i  have  child   suport
i don’t know the procedure, it’s my first time to filling it I need some more information
note: alimony ends 6 years after first payment per settlement agreement/divorce
the first payment was scheduled by sept 1, as per the final judgement
we have no court orders, this will be the first time in court.
I am going to look over this information first thank you
first reason i dont have enough english
First , spanish is my lenguage , but i try do't in engllish.
Since we have been here in CT he is seeing him this weekend for the first time
No I am not married attorney does not need to be determined I am on the first certificate no we are not getting a divorce
Ok but can i file a case first? Cause i also want to know if the baby is mine or not
Its not a modification though, this will be the first petition filed
the form is still asking me when i filed the first petition that i want to change
So I file first and wait for a hearing date?
Awesome! Yeah, that make's a lot of sense then. And that's all on the first list, right?
I'm supposed to make a payment starting this week when I received my first letter yesterday
I just don’t know if I should try to sell the house first or figure out custody
So I should contact the family court in NJ first to see what they say basically
my first name was written incorrectly on the letter
N that link wasn't diy either.  all file to print first
The first link is for Washington DC . Would that apply for NY?
Also the first website is there one for dutchess County
my first child's father could care less but my second childs father has done alot more
It's my first time. Nothing is established and I'm not being allowed to see my daughter
Not at this time. I would like to read the information first. Thank you.
i may be wrong about the first one I may have left that messsage for the LIFT organization my apologies
this is my first time i have very little knowledge bout this
Hi I am helping someone whose first language is Tibetan... we're looking for someone to help with a criminal case
no i probubly have to find out how to go after lawyer for wrong doing but get through all my help avenues first
at first he complained about the rent and now he’s saying that he needs the apt for his niece
That actually is a clear answer! So community organizations first then.
First stop I'm in Northern California
I want to focus on child support first
I'm looking for a DIY form to file for child visitation for the first time, with no previous order
ok the child that files first is recognized as the first child
Yes it is the first petition we haven’t been to court yet
This is my first time doing an eviction how long do I have to give them they live in my house and pay nothing
What is the first step to initiating a custody arrangement if one does not exist?
Please the first option did not work out well
If I intend to file bankruptcy to avoid the garnishment, do I file taxes first or bankruptcy first?
This is my first time filing , theres so custody established.
So the first $100 would go directly to the caregiver and the rest would go to the County?
I need help filing for child support for the first time, but the other parent lives in a different state
The first one is an administrative hearing with NYSOTDA.  The second one is  with NYCHRA.
It makes sense the case has to be screened first by an established agency/
for the first one, the line is always busy
No. He said he wouldn’t address any temporary custody or support or alimony. He wanted me represented first.
One Appealed at First Department, and other at Federal Court, Southern District, N.Y.
I am trying to find out how to file a petition for visitation for the first time
filling fit custody for first time
that first link was not about a nonpayment case though
I am not in low-income housing, so the first link does not pertain to me.
i was looking to file for custody aNd child support for the first time what form do I use
(that is question one, can work on that first before going to the other)
The Appellate Term First Department granted me a Stay, but I could not afford the unertaking
I go online for a subpoena form first?
that first document doesn’t help me specifically
when i first came to Ga i had to receive medicaid for my oldest daughter
what document is used to file for the right of first refusal
What are my first steps to file for custody of my nephew
First one is I have my first appearance next week and it’s for child support
hi i found for child support when my son was 2 was told i have to do pateriny part first
First, I hope everyone is safe and healthy
I was a first time offender convicted with possession of control substance of 1.1 gram of cocaine and my bail was $500,000
i want to cancel a support order because i reconciled with my husband not yet and gone to the first court i can hold
Well the first one major life activtes im struggling with all of ut
He’s never gotten in trouble first time
First time in court the grandmother has issues an takes prescription meds an her father is a acholic an a felon
Hi Im filing custody order for the first time, which form should I use?
I would appreciate your help.  There is not a lot in the estate, but we need to do this correctly the first time.
they first send me the child support letter
I know he has gone to court recently with the first child's mother
Referrals would be incredibly useful-- this is my first time working with this kind of request
ok but first of all i need to know about my position
but the first number u have should be able to help
first time applying for child support I need help with the steps to do so
I lost the first link you gave me can you share it again? No sh one
Her first name is Abason if I remember is right
i live in Bklyn NY I use to work in NYC ...I retired in 1997 ... My first time trying to get my pension.
I’m very scared and stressed and don’t know what to do as I have first mortgage schedule to pay November
im trying to file a custody order for the first time but the courts are closed
I need help for child support, I need advice on what my first step should be
I have sued Allstate and my Allstate agent in small court first
Is it true that the first child gets more in NYC
The first one I’ve called, I will start with department of the aging although they do not help in court
May I ask first if you are open on Saturdays?
Yes perhaps, I just want to ensure I am doing it correctly the first time
Do you know if Her Justice would help if she first fired her present lawyer?
FYI, the first option is not taking new cases until August.
This is my first time doing this. I would like to file a custody petition as well as child support
So how can we modify the petition for family court when it was first started
Ok, hold on, let me look at the first one real quick
i filed a while ago when you had to file for UI first
The first link doesn’t work. Could you also assist me about the surveillance camera?
yes I went to court the first time was 03/02/2020
Don’t I have to refuel for residential custody first?
ok if I go get visitation is it true I have to go to child support court first ?
First I want to freeze a child support order that's placed against me.
i have some email receipt, and order #s about the itm, even one of the first fedex tracking #
of $525. This will total about $875 in the end for my first two tickets ever
I already contacted the first link they only represent you when you're going to jail
So what do I need to file first? do I need to go to supreme court first
He goes to comsewogue HS first then goes to Eastern Suffolk Bose in Oakdale afterwards
the mom told me the child is in the system when they took her from her the first time
Also,  would it be the first link: Custody/Visitation Enforcement Petition?
No, because  I was looking online first to see if I could get it
Do I need to file a case first or I can go to a mediator right away? And how can I get a mediator?
great im on phone with first one now
First time filing for child support
What is my first step in getting the child support enforced and paid?
(the first 2 questions are what they shared in the first 2 questions)
Hello there, first off I hope you're saying safe and well.
My husband can not disagree with not divorcing because when I had my first child I was a minor.
this is my first time , I don’t have a case already
Per the agreement I am allowed to gather items but I wanted them approved first
I am in need of assistance in filing a custody petition for the first time for my grandson.
How to file for child support for the first time
ok, that is good to know! I thought I had to have custody changed on paper first
this is my first time in my life dealing with this situation,  I would like to know how can get help
should i do mediation first or file to modify petition first?
HOW DO I CONTACT THE FIRST ONE. I SEE NO EMAIL
Oh yes when I star working that's first I want to do
I need to be pre certified first ? How to apply
Well first lile to knnw if ancestry. cö iolds up 4n court
okay. so i would just file the petition in family court as a first step?
NYLAG can't help her because of a conflict of interest (guess her husband got to them first)
I went to court first cause they did an illegal eviction. Then they ask by court they want me out
The first link says it only works for children up to 18
Not yet, wanted to know my rights first
I wish to appeal a terrible decision of the NYS Appellate Division's First Department.
the first one is the one that said  conflict of interest
I will definitely read it was i think he is a big scammer.  I  wasn't his first but he took me for the most
I need to get one in the first place
she has done drugs and drank lots of alcohol in the first trimester and she vapes nicotine and drings coffee everyday
you are first human in long time, proud parents, i am sure
