on one site I was told I needed the GF-17 and form 4-1. But on another I was told GF-17 and form 4-3
I am being told to get lawyers and go to court. I have already done this
my 2 oldest are not inschool and work and i need to have modification to remove them i was told
we were told that we needed documentation of some sort to access the unit.
i called and she told me to go on and do a petition violation form
I owe child support,  I'm having a hard time catching up & I  was  told about the cola program
I have been told by your bath office that i cannot be helped by them due to a conflict of interest
I bought furniture in Febuary and  Iwas told shipping in a week.
I demanddd the statement as he was supposed to supply the stttemebtvthrn he emailed me and told me he took it
Central islip family court and I’ve been calling since 8:30 am as the person I spoke to yesterday told me  to.
well I was told to modify it with form 4-11. It has beem too long now my kids are grown!
Like yesterday I tried to close his cell phone account and the told me to pay off in order to do that
I was told to fill out a petition and mail it to family court
It’s sending me back to this page, they told me that I had to file online but it’s not letting me
Thank you. I was told there is a DIY modification form? Do you know where I can find this form?
I called on another occassion and was told that I have to file a petition with family court.
They intake rep for the hearing was the one that told me that
I need to have access to file a court paper the court told me to go on this web sight  but I can find it
Due to the virus I can not physically go to the court house to file for custody and was told I can do it online.
He won't be voluntary for our oldest but he told his mom he will let his rights go on our youngest
I have tried to get one and was told I couldn’t because she hasn’t attacked me yet
they told th e cops im harrasing th em
the cap told me to mail the copy of my unlimited card to transit adjudication bureau
They told me that they would send a certification or some sort of document....so they can take my case
He told me if I sign everything over to him he will give me the divorce but I could still have the house
I tried to address it in family court to no avail - called the courthouse and was told it was criminal
I spoke to the court clerk and he told me where to go to get that form but I can’t find it
a pwer how can i locate tat info someone told me to try e court
Mortgage company told me a quiet title action was started about three weeks ago
Yes I was told by an attorney that they violated sect 782
Hello, I was told that I have a hearing on Wednesday by phone in a divorce case
And was told everything is clear to close a day before the rate lock expires
i also told her to verify my fiancé’s gross annual income with his job and she told me she would and never did
I don't know I just got a call one day and was told what I owed
i even called kings country family court and they told me it’s there but i have search and don’t see it
I am confused, I was told that child support is in family court
She told him to take her to court and now he is asking for 3mths instead of a year
I was told that the file was not available to.me because it had been sealed for 100 years.
If the birth mom went to Orphans  Court in Pa recently and has not told the social worker she
I was told to fill out and email bk to my county court
I was told that it was too early for them to make any arrangements for me and to call back closer to due date
I asked for the truant officer and was told he does not qualify.
i was then told i have to take the non custodial for child support
I was told to fill it out on here but don’t know exactly know how
I went to the court, but there's no help at all, I was told to do through online by myself
I am facing foreclosure and have been told the mortgage may be predatory
Ok, I was told that the forms were available on line
i was told i can apply online and i need the link please
I called the court. I was told to file a petition.
Guy told me he recorded me printed out all messages emails recorded voicemails etc
I was told there were some forms online that I could file
Yes I was told I will receive a email noting yet
they told me i can still file a modification is up to the father
I told him that.  H owes $3000 in child support and I told him I will not hold him liable for that
I was told it was available online - but I cannot locate the form
once i told them i will be looking into a atoner they started changing there tune a lil
However nothing was told directly. My caseworker came out very rude to me saying I should give all my furniture back
I try to get help but was told need to pay $4000
they told me...that the landlord may try to assume because I paid April and may then..i am responsible for removing all items
Now they told me that if I make another payment from she is returning and that their not accept it. Can they legally do that
My husband asked me for divorce and he told me that If he gives me papers to sign would I sign them
I have called my legal assistance office and they was the one that told me to live chat with you guys
Yes I was having that same problem, I called the courts and the guy I spoke told me it will be on the website
I just told you Vital Records stated I need a court order
I live in an sro and have been told I am not allowed to have visitors
yes we went and was told by the court that we had 90 days to leave
I called thee court this morning and they told me they are currently hearing cases from March
they told me...they could not take my case
I was told to file the surrogate court forms and told it was online but the pdf file isn't online
I went to the family courthouse in Queens and workers there told me I could
When I went to the courts they told I had to apply online but I'm having a problem  locating where I have to go
When was trying to help to give her CPR I guess huh being the higer up told .him
In 2009 I was told to plead guilty to a possession charge and not informed of my immigration consequences
so i called family court in Erie Co and she told me to file the form online, but didn't say what form to file :)
an on lawyer told me I could file on my own through family court
No thats ok I know a few I was  just told by the court that I could get the form off this website
Someone told me we needed a lawyer but we don’t?
I was told to file a GF-40 and then someone else told me to file a GF-17
I spoke to someone from the court who told me file for custody online
insurance had told him he needs to fill an Small Estate affidavit with NY
after filing out the reports he sent me on my way and told me that I will get a call once they arrest him.
i was told i need to go to the court house/estate and planning section and get a widow's allowance?dont know what that is all about
Not right now I'm going to do what you just told me thank you for your help
no I haven’t signed separation she just told me not to come back
Different cities. So 2 different reports. But the officer told me to go back buffalo and report the incident with BPD.
as my ex husband told me he tried to stop it but they won’t let him
the mother told the cops he was only staying with her one day we are now 8days in
DA was told me you can get free help and advise
i am told i may get 4 weeks of severance.
I was told it is to the right of the page but did not see that number
i have and was told that to i need to file with family court because it is not in IVD case
I have the form 4-11 paperwork that needs to ne mailed but i was told i can jist upload it
When I called them they told me to use the EDDS system.
I called family court they told me to file online. Where do I do that?
Yea i'am so lost im only doing what she told me to do
lie that was told abut making more thani was
yes Im told to file in family court
I was told to seek legal help on how to manage the matter.
Yes! And e mail but they told that i have for reopen court
Im having trouble navigating  this website, I need to file and petition but I do not see the links that was told to me.
i call family court and they told me i could do it online
I was told to file a deposition to modify a court order on Nyfcsupport@nycourts.gov but i can seem to find where to do so
A CSU representative told me that they can make a change only pursuant to a court order
the cbp told me it was because in 2018 I overstayed my ESTA 90 days of stay
I told u I just called can’t get thru
Because I was told since I live here they would handle the case
I think I have tried the second one before. I was told they don't these case. Thank youstill
i told him to try an email as well if no one is there
Told need to obtain documents but agency only allows ubder supena. How to
was told had to wait for tox screen to come back to see if it was a od
When I fill out the form, should I state the reason as being what I told you? Is that even a valid reason?
I was told to go to www.nycourts.gov but I cannot find what I need
I was told to go to the child support  website to acquire documents but my pin does not work.
I was told to file on line however I cannot find a link to do so
THEY TOLD ME TO WORK WHEN I CAN AND WHENEVER I CANT CALL IN SO THATS WHAT I WAS DOING
Spoke to a rep and was told I have to log online to report change.
I was told to call assigned council for an attorney for family court in buffalo ny.
I went to case yesterday but I told the magistrate that I don’t need a lawyer. Can I still get one ?
Now Im told I need to answer by Monday
There are ones who told me this is the direction I have to go because of what’s going on
was told by nyc courts system to contact you
I try to use this system and i was told i cant because i live out of state
i was told that, also told that I will need a memo stating Bronx no longer has jurisdiction over the case
only on holidays  and at her house  which  was told to me by her step dad and not legal one
ok but i was told i have to go to family court due to the fact that she has my ex hubands last name
hi I just have quick questions I spoke with someone earlier they told me to call bronx legal help line
She emailed me after I told my supervisor I want the incident in writing.
i have reported him to the management but they do not take action.  I was told "he can do what he wants"
ok i was told e court but where do i lok
yeah i already have a case number but i am told to file a petition form
he then told me that they would arrest him and the detective will give me a call
i call the courts and they told me they are not accepting any petition, which is puzzling
he told me that they went to bills....just not the one I wanted it to go to
NO. I WAS TOLD I COULD FILE ONLINE BUT I SEEM TO BE HAVING TROUBLE
I am sorry...I was told by the court clerk that this program would help me all the way through the needed forms
but ...he may try and say that I must pay for removal of everything  they told me....
I was told that I could receive that by applying for it online
so you told me that support petition is 4-3. and GF-17
She told me to go back to queen court. And that would be my last choice.
I was evicted from my sro and the manager told me on the 10th that I had to obtain my belongings
i was told that I would never be eligible at path
I already called the court I told them I wasn't going make it
However I called to c the status and was told I needed to file it with family court
I just went to see a will where I am a beneficiary  and told it was sealed that's all
I told him hell need to print, sign and upload to EDDS (I walked him through that briefly and uploaded the instructions)
I was told I would need to file a Modification with the Family Court.
Multiple times and I'm told my case is still pending but that is all
i called the court house and the person told me I would be able to fill out the forms online and email them
I called and the boy told me that I need a way to change the family rate
I called the mother of my children an she told me she open a case where she claims some sort of  arreas
she asked her lawyer to cancel the paper he told her
I did, using that number you gave me. someone finally picked up and told me that
i was also told but the clerks to write a letter
Yes they had told me they are just taking cases that involves housing issues. They told me that they are not taking criminal cases.
If he had never told me he was doing this, I would never know why shes not home...none of this makes any sense.
I have a debt collector suing me and they told me to do to this website to give amd answer for my case asap
They didn’t know how to so she told me to keep check or email it to them
I even told Hamby himself, to a resounding "Meh!"
It’s scary and i was told it’s illegal what he’s doing
Thank you, I will try them again but they told me because I am a contractor that I would have to file a claim
I actually did and they told me that records are kept at the county level only and to go there. \
Yes they told me to do the forms online and gave me the website
The last time I called was end of December and was told the court was closed for hearings.
I was just told to write a letter and a check and mail it
Okay no problem they told me at court what to do but sorry I forgot where to go
Nicole told me to go to the custody/visitation modification petition program,  unless I misunderstood her.
i went to court and was told what I was ordered to pay
I was told the respite was 28days... then told it was 19 days when asked for this in writing i was denied
yes that is true.  went to their office and that was what we were told
Yes he wa arrested and he told me in the precent
I told them multiple occasions that he has been diagnosed with dementia and should not be contacted about this
but he told her first you have to come to the lawyer office to sign
again the prose help center told me I won one million dollars default judgment
Yes, putting a auto protection on 2 individuals it has to be done online to right? Cause that’s what I was told
when I called to get my furniture delivered they had told me it was already signed for
I was told I couldn’t go for guardianship they lied and have been neglecting their duties
I was told by family court I could get a modification for support here because I list mt job. Where do I find it
BUT I believe the bill had exceeded it's statute of limitation, which is not what the collector told me.
I was told you are not allowed to rep yourself in a child support hearing
I don’t want to travel and then be told I can’t enter the building...
and  I told services  give me a year and I will do whatever you want me to do
he told me he would make the mortgage go away,
small business development associates told me that there is such optionjs
I understand! That makes sense someone told me it was 30 days but I figured there wasn’t a set time.
I'm getting turned away by the courts and told I need a lawyer when I don't
The child support representative told me to upload forms on to the portal
