Thnk you, I actually did 2 nights ago (monday night) 6.22.20
Thank you. Yes I did contact my sisters place. I actually just found out about the bar thing last night
thank u u gave me the correct site have a good night.
Me too ! Have a great night i will be emailing them and calling on monday i just got out of the hospital
Ok, thanks for looking. Have a good night!
So I packed a bag and stayed at a hotel that night, and left the next day.
Thank you. I dont have any other questions and I can start completing the paperwork. Thanks, again. Good night
I work the late night shifts and this has just been so overwhelming.
My boyfriend was arrested last night, he’s already on probation, can he get bail?
when I tried using the code online last night none if them were working
Thank you for your support, though! Have a good night!
Last night a guy got shot in front of the building so I feel really uncomfortable
Thank you for the information i will get on this now have a great night
Thank you so much I will follow up with them.. have a safe night!!!
hi dear good night i was trying to contact the legal hotline at 212)626-7383
I used to work over nights, now they want use to switch to mornings
BUT MY HOURS WENT FROM OVER NIGHTS TO DAY TIME
Thank you so much and yes I will do that. You have a good night as well
I don’t think so thanks again, have a great night
thank you all appreciated. have a nice night, happy Holidays
the driver then called me the night of a threatened me also asked me where I was after saying he too filed a complaint
Thank you so much for your time have a good night
Ok, yes, thank you. No, that's all, thank you. Have a nice night and thank you again.
Awesome thank u n good night!!
ok. thank you for your time and help. I will pursue them. have a good night
I just want to hurry up and file.  I have no time to wait. I had domestic incident last night..
I blocked the landlords number because he was calling day and night. It was unsettling at work
untill last night when her father took her from and refuse to give her back to me
I happened to stop by last night to his house and he gave me the envelope
I did read that last night. I wasn't sure what step to take because I also saw that I could go to the police.
I have filed a complaint on the federal trades website last night
I didn’t see the bruises until later that night
I have primary physical custody of my boys he has them Sunday and wed over night
Thx. Have a great night I'm signing out.
That's ok thanks for your help. Have a good night. Thank you.
Okay thank you so much I'm going to head over there right now have a great night
Thank you for your time. You have a good night. Be well.  Thanks
No. Thank u anyways. Have a good night.
ok thanks for the number have a great night
Ok Thank you so much ! Have a good night
No that's it. Thank you once again for your help. Keep safe. And good night.
That will be all. i greatly appreciate your help. thank you. have a good night
All night and day traffic in and out disturbing all other tenants
Thanks and I will just check the link you gave me. Have a great night.
We went to his apartment last Thursday night.  He did not come to the door
Thanks I really appreciate your help. Yes Kings county is good enough. Good night!!
no thanks youve been great have a good night
Hi my daughter has been missing since 11PM last night
We both have them an average of 15 nights per month
Thank you very much, Erika. Have a great night!!
done.  again, thank you very much.  i will contact you again if i have more questions.  have a good night, Shabnam. :)
It isn’t your fault I appreciate it have a good night
thank you this is an awesome site !!! have a good night .
I want to pay child support and pick him up every friday night after work and drop him off sunday night.
No there is nothing else. Hope you have a good night.
