i can pay rent going forward, but not what i owe. I was sick and out of work for a while
My supervisor advised me that they will not pay my full paycheck my next pay period, as I am unable to work more hours.
He doesn't wants to pay rent neither live
There are charity organizations to help for money to pay rent
Tenant issue with a roommate not paying her rent so it falls back onto the rest of us in the house
i have not pay my rent due to the condition of leaving on my aprtment
for help with back rent I can't pay
My friend got one to help pay back rent
I can't pay my back rent, how am I going to pay for a private atty
frustrating ill need to get an attorney and pay these costs because hes stopped paying
i can’t pay back rent but I can pay going forward
Hi , can we evict a tenant who doesn’t pay rent during this time ?
I have a tenant who refuses to pay rent and I need to know how to get him out
there has been and ongoing cps case, one peson has arrest warrants, and they haven't payed their rent
He’s still paying the mortgage, etc
I can't pay back rent, but I can pay going forward
Is she not supposed to pay me part of rental income and also pay me money because she is living there for free?
Hi I have a question I have small bar  that because the covid-19 I can't pay my rent
yes, my friend got one to help pay with back rent
Child support we had just started the process and was asked to bring in my pay stubs job latter and how much rent I pay
My husband pays everything for his daughter, including health insurance, doctor co pays, therapy, childcare.
says that you withold, and then must pay rent once it's fized
I'm willing  to pay for someone  to help me
Just a question, I have a court date for not paying rent. But I just paid it what do I need to do
I owe some back rent and I can't pay
all the money they save from not paying rent, they went and buy a car
Yes please right now I can barley pay rent
i need help paying back rent
Yes !3/ Not paying the full rent and refusing to share the cost of utilities and paying for damage
They did threaten to stop paying rent if i was still here
Hello, I need help to pay my rent
I can pay the rent again, but I can't pay those 6 months that i was out of work
i need help with a tenant not paying the rent
they also can’t transition us back to working in our site because they didn’t pay the rent for the building
My tenant seems to have the impression she doesn’t have to pay rent until December
it's literally my ex now needs to pay me where as i was paying them before.
I only owe currently $385 for Apr. rent by the way. I was willing to pay when I got out.
and I really need to move because I’m not working and I can’t afford paying my rent with the unemployment
yes, i need help paying back rent
I feel it is unfair that she stays there for free while I pay rent and when we have 50/50 custody.
Than you Timothy so very much! I didn't know where to get help & I'm being harassed & always pay my rent  during Coronavirus
She is not on the lease, don't pay rent or anything. How can I get her out?
RecentlyNY changed from Echilds pay to Expert Pay
my landlord told me i will need to move soon because I haven't been able to pay rent.
i can't pay back rent, but i can pay going forward
haven't been able to pay rent since april
The agreement was for them to pay there portion of the rent along with splitting the electric bill and internet equally
They have stopped paying there portion of the rent and contributing to the utility bills
i could pay rent going forward
I want help to pay my full rent for this emergency corona virus
So I wanted to know how best she can get help to pay for the rent
I am on Unemployment. I just need Half of $1779... I can pay the other hald.
like, you know when you don't pay your cc bills, your credit takes a hit.  what impact does not paying your rent have?
I'm having trouble paying my portion of the rent.
No I want to do a online so I can check and pay online
I am  sub letting a bedroom to someone who doesn't pay the rent  what can I do
I have back rent I can’t pay at this moment
HE IS NOT PAYING AND NO ONE BELIEVES ME AND NO ONE CHECKS
nothing about a notice to pay rent or quit
I can't  pay whole rent because  I gain half income because  coronavirus
my landlord told me I will need to move soon because I haven’t been able to pay rent
I want to file bankruptcy but I don't have any money to pay a lawyer, let alone the bills I stopped paying.
she is still paying rent, but with a stay on evictions, do I risk having the procedure start all over again?
We are not not paying rent.  We pay it the first of the month and are good tenants.  No problems
My mother's new lease just came in and she needs more help to pay the increase of rent
Hi I. Any pay ny rent due to corona virus and also I got shingles in March 13-2020
yes, to help pay back rent that i owe
My wife didn’t pay me maintenance that the court order to pay me over 4 months
Yes thank you is there any way I can get help with paying the amount of rent because we can't afford it
I need help to pay back rent
i need help  with a  tenant not paying the rent
Yes -- both on the specifics of quarantining and more details on the moratorium on paying rent. If this is beyond your purview, I'll understand.
My sublets ceased paying rent in February and will not pay again in march. This situation is about to bankrupt me.
Yes the notice will be given to the tenant. They are not paying rent.
The magistrate did say it would go to trial if he does not pay.
The automated support payments remove 40% of my unemployment paychecks and this means I cannot pay rent
3. I want to know if I can pay partial rent in December to prorate the lack of heat for a week
but since I’m the only one paying rent
if I live with someone but help them pay rent what proof do I need
How can I be his administrator? I can’t pay his rent, and utilities. How do I get this done from afar?
because he never pays rent, living in my house as he was my boyfriend but not anymore...
I need more time paying my rent , currently out of work . And I need a copy of my court stipulation
My ex is rich and I am struggling to pay rent
i can't pay back rent that my landlord wants
The only proof is that shes been the one paying the rent for all these years
I can't pay my rent how can I pay a lawyer?
no, I need help paying back rent
i can't afford to pay an attorney. I'm not even living in my apartment but still have to pay rent now.
I still pay all my mortgages and bills and they have not offer to help with nothing
I can't pay all the back rent i owe
Yes I own a small gym and cannot afford to pay my rent my membership cut down from 30 to 4 people
total rent is about 1200 I'm paying 900 woman renting to me said nothing
I can’t pay back rent, but I can pay going forward
I been paying through zelle but I want the court to calculate it
I can't pay my back rent, and might lose my housing, I can't afford to pay an attorney
He wants me to pay 90 days worth of rent
That's what I was doing to help with the amount I don't have to pay my rent
What organization help to pay rent for elderly?
me too.ther was no rent or lease,.all they had to do was pay the electric, which is about to be shut off
they don’t want to pay the rent because they know I cannot evict them
finally I called him and he said we're not paying enough and asked me how much more I am willing to pay
basterdization law, paying for college, divorce is 6yrs. Old. With very little visitation yet required to pay
the judge made errors primarily the biggest was our paying the rent for three years during the holdover 2013 to 2016
(pay 3 weeks of rent instead of 4)
yes I want to evict my roommate he has not pay rent since last moth he’s refusing to go
I finally got a new job, but I won't be able to pay the owed rent
Ok. I need help asap.  I have been paying my rent since entering rehab in march.
Also information on a pay pay account
I meant to say paying bills to the bank
landlord sued me because i can't pay rent
I don’t even have money to pay for a lawyer as I spent every last penny paying for the house and the people
I need help paying back rent
i still have to pay my mortgage and I pay all their bills
he pays whenever he wants sometimes he takes 3-4 weeks to pay
she is not paying rent. the dupleix would bring $3700/month if she was not in it. i rent
My rent will be increased by 175.00 which i will not be able to pay.
Rent stabilized ,I thank ,I receive section 8, they pay some and I pay some
Tenant is playing the game by not pay the rent until now since pandemic.
My spouse didn’t pay me the money the Corte ordered to pay for almost 4 months.
eviction. People are using corona as excuse not to pay rent
I rent my basment my tenant not paying me more then 3months
my friend got one to help pay back rent
I was out of a job, and I now have one, but I can't pay the back rent
he collects SSI and he pays more than half to the collector,.  how can he strop paying this    he has to June toend it
I know that there is a rent freeze due to the Covid-19 but are tenants still suppose to pay there rent
I guess I’ll just pay it. Does that clear my record?
Yes they said I have to pay the rent for those 2months I'm going to court
Of course like I was saying do you guys help out with paying the bank the bills
I know he’s not going to pay me on his own. i have to force his hand.
and he wants to get this out of the way and pay what he is supposed to pay
Hand a tenant close to 6 years ago who stop paying rent
i can't pay the rent I owe my landlord, I can pay going forward though. Now  my landlord wants me out
my rent was raised for oct 2020 i will have to pay more
I want to pay online and find out how much I owe
she is a cotenant (she was processed by the co-op etc, and pays rent directly to the landlord)
