Hi, I am looking for services in Warren  County regarding tenants rights and possible landlord harassment.
I called they say it’s only landlord tenant
Yes. I am trying to find the best tenant /landlord attorney whom I’d like to hire privately . Joanne
Landlord, neighbor, GMhc, hasa, hrs, the guards
I don’t know the landlord. He has a building manager.
Ca a landlord evict you Paul covid-19 situation is going on
Hi I have three lawsuit in court and I also want to sue my landlord. Can youhyou with a lawyer
If a landlord has an expiered rop is the tenant required to uphold the remainder 9f the lease
Will this allow for my friend to be a tenant or do I ask the landlord?
if i am a tenant and the landlord sells a house can he order me to leave
Is it illegal for an exterminator to photograph your dwelling for a landlord?
All of these pertain to tenant and landlord. What I need is some one to assist me with a misrepresentation by a broker
I'm looking for eviction form, I'm a landlord, my house is sold. My tenant lease ended in March.
Looking for help I have landlord tenant issues
I am looking to get a legal advise against my landlord
they keep saying 8ts a landlord 9roble
I want to know if I can take my landlord to court before she try’s to evict me. I am
This is a 4 unit house 3 units have tenants and new landlord wants $ from all of us.
Are you playing with me now? It’s the same thing about tenants and landlord.
my landlord gave me a eviction paper for 30 days but I dont think it's an legal one
All of them says landlord she’s not my landlord she is just a tenant just like me
I'm inhaling constant pot smoke from neighbor's landlord is ignoring my email
Looking for Section 8 housing application information between tenant and landlord.  Cannot find it on the website
My landlord is trying to illegally and forcefully evict me
the landlord wants to meet me this evening at 8pm
Thank you sometimes it seems like low-income tenants have more rights than landlords
can I get evicted by my landlord right now for non payment during this COVID time
Either my landlord or another tenant put a lock on our shared basement which is the only way to access my fusebox for my electric.
A tenant in my building has taken the landlord to court and has gotten my grandparents involved
i want to sue my landlord for breachof warranty of habitability
they said they only take landlord tenant cases
I'm only seeing landlord requirements not tenant
My landlord this Saturday put new locks at the door
I am looking for an attorney for a landlord tenant Court
I haven’t yet but haven’t addressed it with the landlord yet
She's very bad landlord doesn't care for her tenants don't repair anything just collect rent
Hi I have a landlord tenant dispute the landlord is suing the tenant and I and I need to file a response by tomorrow
some are related to landlord tenant and then there are somethings related to a old mortgage
I’m a tenant in the property and I was served with documents since the landlord doesn’t live here
I need legal help for eviction i am a landlord
My oven does not work.. and landlord won’t fix it
Can a landlord evict someone in Nassau county?
my question  is.   When I give the keys to the super i am now concerned  the landlord  will try and say
Can my landlord evict me via text message
Hi there i am thinking about getting some legal help in regards to my landlord not respecting tenants rights
the landlord has his office right underneath my unit
my encounters with legal aid is that they help tenants not landlords
As landlord have any rights to call section 8 and inform about tenant
I am a landlord and have a question regarding giving a tenant notice to vacate
yes I need the landlord contract for take out my nice
With the pandemic goin on can a landlord sell a rental property leading to a eviction of the tenant
picture and text messages have been provided to landlords staff
I actually found out one of their names through our same landlord, sangbo nam
I need an attorney that helps people with mental disability and can take cases tenant against landlord
I need help in information about the rights of tenants and landlords when it come to rodent infestation.
Landlord tenant case holding not primary residence
Neighbor complaining. Scared landlord will evict me because she hates me.
My name is Teesha Briggs I need to find a lawyer for my case in Landlord and Tenant court
This lady isn't the landlord. I would say just someone selling rooms on behalf of the landlord
I called these numbers they are bribed by Allstate insurance to tell me they only help with landlord tenant cases
I read that I can receive reimbursement for this expense, but my landlord refused to do it
Starve because my landlord won't allow anyone in
I went online and it didn't give me an option for landlord and tenant
May I refuse this kind of sales options that my current Landlords are trying to push on me through their realtor?
How long do I have to evacuate after landlord goes to lawyer
i want to know the status of it was paid out to my landlord or not
Landlord tenant bed bug issues. Retaliation
i can sent the letter to the landlord tenant clerk's office right?
Hi, I am looking for learning about landlord responsibilities.
My landlord is trying to evict me i don't know what to do.
A law that states brokers fee should be paid for by landlords not tenants. This was passed in June 2019 but made explicit January 2020
My landlord has started an eviction of nonpayment case against me ?
I need a tenant lawyer to file a lawsuit against my landlord for self help eviction from an illegal bsmt apt.
Also asbestos in the attic but on the landlord side I think /:
Hi Franklin, sorry i disconnected before. I was the one with being a landlord and a not paying tenant
hello I am a landlord looking to get help regarding questions of the tenant protection rent thing in place
Yes I’m looking for advise as a tenant about my landlord Raising rent
I’m an elderly tenant who has been told I have to vacate my apartment because Landlord wants to sell house.
everyone is worried about landlords screwing tenants but few people are worried about the reverse!
i am being evicted but i am a victim of landlord tenant law
I understand that the landlord can not evict for the 90 day period
I have a letter from a doctor to have a dog can a landlord refuse it
I'm the landlord, and I have a question on how covid affects the eviction date
My landlord shut off power because of non payment from me as I have a shared meter
I’m a landlord and need to evict a very bad tenant. In light of covid, when can I do that?
I need to know my rights about if my landlord is suppose to get rid of bed bugs or if that it is my problem
I received a letter from my landlord saying I’m being evicted for non payment
I got an eviction letter but it wasn't from the courts. Do landlords have to take you to court to evicttoyou?
actrually im not requsting to repair anymore. i only want to moveout before landlord evict me.
The landlord does not want any new installment or changes
this seems so unfair and just a landlord trying to take advantage of students
The landlord has stared an eviction nonpayment casé against to me
We're among the last two rent-stabilized tenant and the new landlord is renovating the whole building
I’m looking for free advice for a tenant vs landlord issue
is there anyone who can help me if i can't get the landlord to fix it?
Hi how are you I have repairs been not fixed and landlord don't fix I also have open 311 case
once again - i want to know if the landlord is responsible to purchase and install them.
I am unable to obtain an apartment because everytime a landlord does a tenant search Eviction Filing Shows upo
I tried legal services of Hudson vallwy; they don't deal with this. Only landlord/ tenant
Need landlord legal assistance in New York county regarding bed bug infestation prior to owning the property tenants not paying rent
I AM AN ELDERLY TENANT WHO WAS TOLD BY MY LANDLORD THAT I HAVE TO VACATE MY APARTMENT BECAUSE LANDLORD WANTS TO SELL THE HOUSE
now my landlord says his niece needs the apt
Hi do l find someone to help with a Tenant landlord issues
I really need to find a free landlord nd tenant attorney
Can a landlord go to the courthouse to start eviction papers
Question: the landlord block me  into our store, the reason  I am only 1/4 of the company
I need to know my renter rights. I have a situation my landlord will not pay for
Can I use this loan to also pay my landlord ?
Is it a conflict if your lawyer knows the landlord that is evicting you
Hi Nicole, I need some help finding legal organizations which could assist a landlord with a problematic tenant
I am landlord, I want to know how long can I start evicted the tenant before not paying the rent
I heard my landlord say that he needs the apt for his niece
It's not  my new landlord it's my old landlord I've already been evicted
I'm trying to find a lawyer, about landlord oweing money to tenant what category does that fall into
I have read the New York State Attorney General website which covers landlord tenant rights and it does not cover my issue
my landlord won't fix the heat and it is freezing in my apt
I’ve been trying to explain my situation to landlord and move out but landlord keep push us with rent obligation
Landlord refuses to make repakrs in apartmemt
I’m a tenant looking for an attorney against my landlord
landlord stating I have illegal tenant living at the address
