ok, thank U...but do U know the law regarding if I still am entitled to 50% of the value of property?
Huntersmoon,  lantern property,  gmhc, the front guard service who failed to protect me
My ex-fiance was not on the property but harassing thru the things I listed above non stop for 2 days straight
Landlord stole my property and had me falsely arrested.
THEY OWE THE RENTAL PROPERTY WE WORKED IN A QUARTER MILLION IN BACK RENT
Too much to type...I aws discriminated against by certain tenants, the property manager, and the sheriff's department.
destroyed property, loss of (minor) wages and emotional distress
Yes , is private throw property management office
neighbor builds a cross property lines then noxious fumes start entering making my pre existing ailments worse
Property Damage to my vehicle NOT related to auto collision.
So, what obligation does a muni have to govern and oversee its properties for public safety.  What statues apply?
How long does it take for a judge to sign a partion on real property
the loan. It was an sba disaster loan used for business property we co owned but I had signed over to him in divorce
they seem to have been perverted into mentallly ill adults but once dealt with property law - not making someone a ward the property of another
it is saying it does provide list with properties for sale
ohhh sorry it is i think a civil case it is about a property damage insurance claim
Here is the information from Property Shark. I'm interested to know if the property sold at auction.
or sociail services will slap a lien on the property
She built the fence again and he did the same thing.   The Dept of Buildings shows that the fence is on her property line.
and the zoning official is trying to have me force my father off the property
I am trying to find out if my driveway is legal.  Property was purchased back 1984
can you help me navigate this site to view foreclosure for sales or properties up for auction?
Currently i am taking my landdlord to court for a restraining order. They have now abandonded the property and r
The divorce  decree states l would transfer any interest in the property I  never signed any papers to that effect. Like quitclaim.
This is about a shared property that is to be sold or buy out. the settlement has a due date - which is coming up.
Yes Sullivan county property is in hankins  NewYork we end we inherited from our parents
I'm not living there because she's stolen all my property, including my certified therapy dog, and she's turned off all the utilities.
If there was clauses put into it like the children had life rights to the property we all own
My ex just sold a piece of property. If the money goes into his personal account, the SCU would garnish what he owes?
the goal is that this surrogate court judge might drop the claim of the estate and not put a lien on the property
Hi! I am looking for an attorney that can help with a foreclosure of a property that is in trust where I am the trustee
I need help wirking with the death of my landlady and inheritance of property
there are DIY forms, but we own 3 properties each with 2 apts so it says you cannot use those forms
The property that I own backs up to a park that belongs to our village and or township
My father, who is suffering from dementia is being sued by his next door neighbor for property damage, need help on what to do
I have quick question I’m looking to buy some foreclosed properties where do I find the list of houses
Divorced may 2019 ex-wife won't give me any property I was awarded violation of judges order what can I do
I want to file a Property Damage/Loss Of Property case.
i also contacted the building codes inspector in my county on Monday and he said he has not been to my property to condemn it
Okay so my landlord sold the property past week and the new buyers are having me move out by feb 2021 can they do that?
He said that she has no right to the property until probate court
i have a quick question. Where can i go online to see foreclosure properties that have an auction date in my county
I can tell you it is for damage d property insurance claim for non payment
My property is located in the Bronx at 3247 Corsa Avenue Violation ID 9206784
Ok Thank you. What i meant is the second marriage with 1 son is trying to take property, vehicle, ect
Hi My name is ahshai jackson. I'm being taken to court by my property management for unpaid rent that has been paid
Need to find a Personal Property Attorney?
my wife and i can barely pay the property tax on from one year to the next
Hello i need some assistance on what to do if my landlord will not fix stuff in his property?
heloo my name is amy i, tryimg t locate aower on a property i would like to purchase
I'm not dividing any property, though. My uncle is the executer on my grandparents estate, which is where the funds are currently being held.
My ex needs to pay me money for our marital property but he refuses to do so and is ignoring my requests
okay - the property management company is based in manhattan
Property management charges me for water and sewage like they are a utility company is this legal?
Hello, I have three questions.... First, If a tenant likes to make nycha replace damage personal property, what to do?
I took this to my Property manager but since she already put me on notice she couldnt reverse it
How do I  contest the sell of a property if the person has died?
Home Properties is my current & Oct is Fairfield, LLC
I told him he could not take my picture ( he was on the property not in a public space) and he still did it anyways
I do not want him near me or the kids. He is very abusive and we do not share anything. No properties no bank nothing.
I have trees going over into neighbors property. He wants me to tr them. Am I responsible?
i need to figure out how to file against my ex. for not fullfulling the requirements set in our divorce regarding property.
good aftrnoon where can i find an updated list of forclousre properties in richmond county
The property is located in Jamaica  West indies.
im a homeowner future to facing foreclosure but is for back property taxes not being able to be pay
The Senior is the homeowner. This is not a rental property. The Senior is not a veteran of any branches of the armed forces.
Now I’m afraid that they are taking the steps necessary to foreclose on my property. Once again I can not afford an attorney
My neighbors are accusing me of damaging their property & "out rageous behavior"
I need it to protect my daughter from his deceased fathers family from removing his belongings from my property
I am concerned with a property damage claim with a business
I need help filing a suit for stolen property
I know I also need to purchase a transcript for judgment since the debtor lives in another county and has property there too
Hi a own a commercial property in the Bronx, the tenant is four months behind
So without having filed the money judgement with the county clerk, it looks like he basically sold this property out from under the judgement
I'm looking for a guide that shows what terms should be in a real estate broker contract to sell a property
I would ike to go to the auction in the court to sell foreclosure properties.
my neighbor is claiming that i encroached,trespassed and damaged a tree on her property
The Plaintiff claims I damaged their property (house) and suing me
I paid for the property from the date I closed or signed the lease and it was Prorated from there
when I spoke to them today always me calling them was told her property was still at Whitesboro dept was nvr sent
I am trying to find out since my landlord sold his property can he legally evict me with a 30 day text?
He’s in prison he had nothing I rent and have no property
Property damage they are claiming is caused by a poison oak tree
How do I negotiate a rent reduction. I am a renter of Fairfield properties
for negligence not keeping an eye on the vacant property
i am trying too get a loss pend on a property
I am trying to find a lawyer for a property damage case used by a utility company. I don't see such a category listed.
I have an issue with my condo property manager taking responsibility for fixing damages that occurred to my unit back in April
The probate court number is not answering and I sent a message and no response but I do have the address of the property
Looking for an attorney to assist with an illegal eviction where the removal of personal and business property was allow.
I needed some information regarding marital property, if possible
Good evening. My name was fraudulently removed from my property
He violated me stating I own firearms, illegal activity, destroying other tenants property
Hi, We're a non-profit religious entity looking for assistance with property tax charges that the church began to receive last year.
I spoke to a lawyer they said it was illegal for the landlord to take my property for not paying rent
A transfer of property that legal without the other owners the signing off on it
I want to know if I could ask the Owner if the property for the return of this money
I,know private property owners can deny installation. But this is a,mobile home park. 15 trailer/homes .
so if the house is excluded from the definition of personal property, then i think i can file a small estate affidavit.
A residential property i inspected in South Carolina.
In NY can I be evicted if my landlord is planning on moving in to the property or if they are selling it
Yes.  What would be the process for  a lienholder or principal of the property foreclosed
She constructed a fence on her property to separate her property from his.  He tore it down and he was arrested for this.
As far as trying to purchase property later on in life
I was wondering if I can get help for a legal description about property land and a fence on it?
So I am calling the property lawyer to see if they can hold the check.
Looking for a lawyer in Broome County for consultation for a property damage claim
Need advice on buying my husband share of mortgage property
can I locate a property referee using the address of such property
yes im able to get a list from other websites but its not updated, with which properties are still scheduled for auction or cancled
they want to foreclose on my property and I need a couple more months to come up with the taxes
As administrator of my sons estate would like to know what my rights are to his property and personal belongings
Thank you. I have been trying to find the forms they are mostly geared towards tenants vacating the property.
I'm having problems obtaining personal property that was left to me in a divorce agreement
Thank you. And by doing business he means she is renting the property so that’s doing business.
One more thing. They posted before and after pictures on their Facebook. Without my consent, which have my personal property like my address as well.
Hello, I was granted by Kings Family court to place a lien against my son's father property for non payment of child support.
the property is more a liability than an asset to the county and the property taxes in the next few years
Hi, do you guys offer any type of help with homeowner that may confront foreclosure soon for back property taxes?
Ooh ok, one of the properties is in Delaware, is there info I can get about that
Although he is not the owner of the property and had been sending in rent under the auspices of his ex-girlfriend.
There are 80 tall pine trees that are on the parks property
the total amount is less than $4,000 and he did not own any property
