went i went to coust on the 5th there still was no translatoer i was about to lose my job
he was a great man. highly respected. gave hundreds of jobs due to his position
It was on the job injury was on workers comp ....signed A 32
Can i still get emancipated if i don't have a job at the moment?
I'm looking for more information on legal rights as far as job termination despite having a doctors note stating that you cannot work.
how do i get help NYS UI is falsely claiming i refused a job and is asking for 14k repayment
The question is basically. Do I have to accept a newly created job at half my usual pay?
I was fired from my job do to a private message on Facebook with a sibiling
i went to get a modification and missed court because I was at a job interview
I’m having issues when it comes to certain jobs when it comes to criminal background check
Whenever I apply for jobs they could see it
How can I put a petition for i loss my job so I can lower my paments
taking money from two different jobs
My son has got a part time job for few hrs on the weekend, only
about being fired at my job, false accused of something i did not do...
Well he lies and says he’s not working. He literally quit his MTA job. I find it so unreasonable.
the person ordered to pay is changing jobs and moving to Florida and we are looking to make different arrangements
I left the paper at home (I'm at my new job right now) but I think its in a few weeks
now i have a job and they want me to provided the 600 income and when it started
is there a free service for that? i just started a new job and dont have any money yet.
he did not submit the divorce to his job . To come out his check automatically
If I lose my job, I will not have health insurance. Is this permitted?
gave them the information regarding her job and daycare center which she states my son goes
I have a primary immune difeciency and I have a new full time job
The stress is really aggravating my mental health condition and I am losing my mind over my job constantly calling everyday
Hello. I was terminated from my job and received a severance package. I'm seeking an attorney to review it. Can you help me?
Am I required to search for jobs ( and maintain a job record) even though I am self employed?
I mentioned that because if they look and do their internet jobs it would be great but...???
i let him know- he will most probably threaten me that i will lose my job
he temporay modified it based off my unemployment and told me to find a job
On my 3rd day of job the trainer told me that they are terminating my job
Yes, but do i need parents permission? i have extended family i can stay with, and i intend to get a job.
My employer could make up a story saying that I quit the job.
I was forced to resign from my job yesterday. I need advice
I have a full time job and my income is higher than him.
I had to move with my mother temporarily because I lose my job n I don't have anyone to help me
I just got out last week and I have no job and need my license to get around to find a job etc...
i wanted to know if I would qualify for unemployment if I quit my job because of Covid
This was not done on purpose I thought they meant report earnings from the job I was laid off from
I  received an income execution .we no longer live in that county or work at the job
The other party claims to have another child and an unstable job
I need legal help with being wrongfully terminated from my job, not to mention I was out sick for COVID-19
My current attorney is not doing a good job in my opinion
The federal law on March 12th says and a person does not need to quit their job just leave for high risk exposure
my reason I qwite was becuse my job was cutting hours do to lack of work and thay were transferring me anh way
So, my quesion is:  If I quit a job, do those wages not count for my NYS unemployment claim?
No I’m also jobless and I have been applying for jobs nonstop. I need a job right now with good pay and benefits
Hello, I need to find out if a job can let you go without telling you but say that you quit?
I was denied unemployment insurance I fell and broke my leg my job okayed my claim
Must I take a job thats pays substantially less then my old job or the LTD benefit
hi, I am trying to find out how do I get disposition forms to give to my job stating the outcome of my cases
NOOOOOOO, this is messed up! you need to do better at your job because you are very frustraing with the lack of knowledge!
My CPS case worker says I have been “indicated of inadequate guardianship” and I am afraid to lose my job
Since my Agency retaliated as they did, I am not in a position to be hired for any other job.
but I’m not there anymore and I want it to start coming out of the new job I’m at now
Can I just get let go from a job for now reason
The maintenance workers say that's not their job because it the bricklayers job
Does a person qualify for unemployment under the recent CARES Act if they leave their job due to fear of contracting COVID-19?
I work for a residential solar company. We are non essential and my job will fire me if I dont come in.
I am a teacher Aide and don't make much, just found out I wont have a summer school job and can't collect unemployment.
I have a question on getting more child support due to the father finally having a full time job
I would like to see if its possible to subpoena her job but I dont have information on where she works
And now she told me she was going to have a part time job
Unfortunately the debtor is currently unemployed and in between jobs
it’s effecting me, I can’t get better jobs because of a fingerprint check
I have been laid off from my job of 4yrs....I can no longer afford the amount
It said his job was never closed and he could've come back any time
But his wife has money. And he barely works because of that. It’s not because he can’t get a job
Great job. Thank you DOUBLE. (For the second time)
I had to take a drug test for a new job.
The agreement says in case i lose my job my ex must pick up these cost
she stated that if i did not return to work by 6/29 my job would be posted .
I trying to obtain my court disposition from 1987 for a job clearance can I walk in and get in
Does the fact that I got another job (but COVID stopped it) change the situation?
My name is Edward potanovich  I am trying to become my own payee  cause the one I have now is not doing his job
But I just started my job and everything I had was tied up with my ex
I cannot afford n attorney. I tried to apply but i guess you have to not have a job basically.
You did a great job! You made a little mistake with the location, but overall you did a great job.
I dont have a job and I'm not able to paid chil support
and he does not want her contacting his new job as she always bothers his bosses
My living situation now has changed I no longer have three jobs I have one job
They wanted me to stay drug free sub Tainan job and sub saying housing and I've been having all three for the past 2 years
Is me working for Lyft acceptable?  It is a job and it is a source of income
I don't have time to make phonecalls, because of my job
Saying that they have group home jobs when he knows that you need these certificates to work there CPR , AMAP, COMPASS TRAINING etc
The forms that tells the status of my case that was sealed for my job.
I have been out of a job for a year now and he only paid 1 months rent/bills.
and my brother has no income of his own since he can't get a job or SSI without ID
Trying to regain custody back of my granddaughter in foster care while looking fir job & my own rental
I don’t make enough to pay my current obligation due to my day job closing
Reduction in payment and transfer of payment from the job I am retiring to the job I will still be working
he was not working full time job, he studied for Ny bar exams and i was supported him in some way
if I dont think my court provided attorney is doing their job, How do I get a new lawyer?
shes working a full time job right now.
Yes I am in a position where I have no source of income or a job and am currently disabled from work
is someone on unemployment required to take a job created since Covid. Working remotely,  at half their usual pay?  Or can they decline?
You did a great job! There is a closing canned response to send at the end. Do you have any questions for me?
Yes. Note I have no income due my inability to provide. The transcript on job interviews
Hello, how do I request disposition forms for my job during covid ?
Just curious if I have a part time job can I file for benefits?
(don't make me do the work - that's your job!)
still wondering if there's job protection once the FLMA is used up
I have to send in my information. If he.has 3 businesses and i have a regular job making ends meet what would he get?
I had two jobs but this morning we were all told to go home until further notice bc of the covid virus
I am looking to divorce my husband but I have no job or money to my name
My boyfriend recently got fired from a job in which he was being payed under the table and I’m looking for options
he does not have a job and refuse to get one to help
Hello Fernanda, I'm looking to find info about quitting a job regarding unemployment during covid?
It's union job which is why they have this 2 week orientation before you get hired to work for them
I was found ineligible because I did not quit my job but the law says I do not
Let me explain to you i have a case in child support and i have like 3 weeks that i lose my job
I don’t have a job no more so I need to go to court to change the child support order
I didn’t lose my job due to the virus I’m not working
i also am getting another job because the reason I even received this apartment was the income from both my job and events
I need information about quitting my job due to Covid-19 (I am over 70 with Doctor's note), and still being eligiblefor unemployment
Hi I wanted to know if I have a hearing coming up.  Will the judge know I am working a new job.
If you don’t want to do your job get another 1!!
and now I have December rent on top and my job is not doing well right now
oh okay so I’ll go the day after thanksgiving so I’ll not loose a day a jobs
n know for my last 2 checks I noticed they taking money out of thev2nd job
