I had done a surgery on my arms and I'm unable to work
i share one heating unit with her  so if inspecter comes they will see it’s working and set
i changed my work and my rate is low, i need a modification , and was with balance the time lost my work before .
How can I go back to the download to retrieve my paper work?
I am not currently working so I am payong directly to the collection unit
All the emotional energy, time, missed work. It's unfathomable really
Artur - I will have to finish up with you later - Dennis will be in touch.  Nice work!
I work in the Bronx but my office covers new and nj
We are not ready yet...81yrs still work to suplement SS
This is regarding unemployment yes but iMm also here with a working VISA
I just wanted to know if I have any rights.....I sometimes work 80 hours  a week, with no extra pay or days off.
Need a lawyer to look over the paper work and contract
I think thats it, thanks. Now i have to try cut and paste. Wish my hands worked better
We cannot pay it in pul or even in half because we both were out of work and were very sick
I'm wondering what my rights are with regards to knowing details of work to what mortgage co did while on forbearance plan.
For online Papier Work for probation Termination
I don’t understand how unemployment works in relation to salary continuation.
plus sometimes the heat stops working
is saying that nothing is shown even thought i have the paper work in front of with the file#
I work at an outpatient radiology facility with approx 200 employees.
I have a license in clinical social work i am presently on ssi and have not worked for three years
Landlord was aggressive with my husband when he came hope from work Wednesday and we are concerned about what he will do.
not in school working 8-2 monday thru friday and also working at a pizza place part time....
No. My child support obligation is too much, I am on unemployment can I make a specific monetary modification to reflect my loss of work?
have account, is logged in. cant see anywhere to save work, and lose all evertime'
I am not working at the moment what kind of proof do I need for that?
she said she needs to fill out paper work
like online to fill out the paper work online
Do you have any resources I may turn to for a more detailed answered? Any ne work city agencies maybe?
How do we get the paper work for it in ny do I know what we need
I was trying for it to be uncontested but my ex is being extremely vindictive, so that unfortunately will not be working as planned
how do I file my paper work with the clerks office
Yes I haven't work for 2 weeks because the coronavirus and I don’t know when I’m going to start working again ..
and i never use the online to get paper work befor and i dont now how to use this
Those are the 3 referrals your colleague gave me, they don’t work
He was charged and dismissed. The issue is the slandering and harassment at the work place where they both work with him being subordinate.
I think this is wrong on some many levels there's no paper work and im not being Evicted, is that legal?
i am at work I will have to call fli another time
they made it sound like he was refusing work that was offered/available to him
I was just working for them, not for a third party, but they call me a "subcontractor" on the contract!
How fast would it work? Because I have 30 days
Now is the paper work has to be filled out and dropped off even if we choose mediation?
because I can’t work the schedule they set forth.
my husband went back to work in August, and we updated insurance income information.
I need to know what paper work to file for contempt.
I was stuck then as far as work went but have sense stopped working there in Jan and have salary employment starting Feb 2
Hi  I'm trying to change the deed form my mom to me and would like to have a lawyer go over the paper work
Would this work even if I'm in a foreign country?
And right now with work I really don’t have the time to stop and get the papers from Family Court
I would like to discuss reduction of work hours due to govenor mandated coronavirus PAUSE directive
I am used to time zone difference as I work for a company based in Albany and S Diego
i always work and take the extra hours. the moment i am freaking out over this ...then there is no flexibility
i was exposed to cold 19 at work and been under quartine
still working  due to covid there is remote learning and I have little ones there no childcare during the hours I work
i would love to return back to work but myself and my family were affected by this epidemic
thanks. Do you know if someone can help me with the paper work?
I have heart failure and i had a stroke. He keeps coming with no paper work
Yes I did. The case was dropped bc he doesn’t work
the lawyer i had had the paper work from the court but after my hospital visit he did not return my calls
He works for the NYPD and I am a project manager for a UX company
I have a hearing coming up I wasn't working and now I'm working do I have to let the judge know
because is not fear when lost work per corona virus
thank you i appreciate that i am currently working so i will give them a call in an hour on my break
I'm on LTD...(major back surgery)...and insurance company doctor who reviewed my doctor notes says I can do whats called sedentary work
Hi im filling for custody/visitation . How can my case be heard or where do i send the paper work?
Good to know. Moving forward he could request a modification.  No he is working and has been working.
Ohh okay so on the phone it doesn’t work?
was and still out of work get bare minimuim unemployment ?
okay, i don't think either work
Hi -  just testing to see if this function works on S&C's computer system.
i tried the 1st one and their line is not working , but im definitely checking the 2nd one
tryingfile for a divorce but dont understand how to do the paper work to
I am single mom and work as a nurse with income yearly $80000, will i able to get free lawer
so its basically stolen, i was at work when the scooter was delivered
But it dont work she think she's there parent
So for now, I wait - but I can just get a  head start with the paper work?
I had assistance with filing modification and they handled the paper work at no charge and filed it..is this something you would do
what can I do cause I’m the one that works in the family cause my is sick and he doesn’t work
thank you. do you know if i file would he receive paper work that will include my address?
Mediation has not worked, so it seems pointless to get involved with new mediation
And soon I'm gone star working
Currently I am out of country , do you know if they work online
Does freelance work count as 'returning to work' though? If I had a full time position previously? \
he isn’t working and he hasn’t worked in years
I am a dialysis tech, like a nurse... I work directly with patient's but not with one's infected
Covid made it massively worse to work
I having a hard time paying my bills working
I live in Queens and I have my case pending in USCIS. I have work permit and was in driving profession until COVID-19.
I live in zip code 14220 and work in zip code 14214
The link works but there are no specific instructions how to file during COVID court closure. LIFT directs users to the courthouse to file.
She work's at a different hospital doing idk what but she also work's with patients
The lady that works at the Managment office is never there to help
I'm not on ellipsis AT&T. Does not work with this phone
Im needing to fill out paper work .Article 6 paper work
no, business is not working due to coronavirus. We not allowed to work at this moment
Should we somehow include or attach a letter from an Attorney affirming a work history and documentation of his Injury?
As well as he is trying to work out family court asking if we can work something out
Hello I am on SSI I have never really worked
I'm visiting for reinstate to work case.
Ok.Thank you. The system and valves works well. This morning it  runs a while. I heard that
I do work part time but get sick often and have trouble working consistently or full time
I also worked at Proskauer Rose et al
Hi i stopped working because i became positive on the coronavirus
ok I have been working 1 day and 3 weeks and have not been paid
how would we go about paper work for a situation like that in the case
I’m need a reentry permit but I don’t know if that’s work for me
Well my paper work says " a copy of your most recent state and federal tax return with all schedules , attachments, W-2s and 1099's
isn't this hippa violation regardless where you work?
My child has turned 18 in April and has no plans for collage and is not working. Looking to end support.
What about immigration and Such?  If he is a  convicted child sex offender with no Paper Work Are There legal ramifications for this
I am not working As I have cancer and have several surgeries to go through.
I am working for City so its getting deducted from my pay check.
Yes,the hotline number on the website page of NYC Bankruptcy Assistance Project does not work.
:) sorry, I don't mean to be impatient.  I am at work and thought maybe  you had been waiting a long time for a response.
at the time i was ready willing and able to work, while abroad b/c I had a work visa
Need help filing maintenance paper work. If u don't work at the court how can u help?
I need to know how a legal eviction works
Don't need any more stress as it is...we tried to make it work but it's just not.
Do you get credit for WEP, Work Study, and whatever type of work performed?
Ontario but its pipping up as neglect harming me from working with others
Ok, if we work with a mediator will she be legally obligated to uphold the agreement?
Interested in knowing my rights to work remotely instead of commuting due to coronavirus concerns
So basically  he can continue  to control my entire life, force me not to be able  to go to work ect at his leasure
hi im deaf I want to know how it work with custody
Not so ,I wanted to download my paper work and mail it to the court myself.
I take all my meds everyday see a psychiatrist and therapist and work w preventive services willingly
he has a Ss card but it says valid for work only with dhs authorization
i just desperately need an adjustment while I’m seeking work. She’s receiving over 50% of my unemployment
Is the online papers work for filing for custory
the area where it says contents-are not working, was able to pull up youtube
Do you think it’s better to work with my accountant or an attorney with my situation?
If the heat still not on I will take some move. For the hard season we work hard to pay. we deserve better.
Thank you, they are currently working with naslaw svcs
yes somebody.. i cant work .. need help
But once I return back to work I won’t be able to stay with them throughout the week as I am now
canYes I-  notlocate the lawyer who was handling my divorce case and do not know if the paper work was filed
They also dont want to be involved with him. How would this work?
Yes he did and he signed his paper work he was just waiting to go to court to he approved to be swabbes
I worked 32 years straight and no one is available to help me during these bad times. Where should I go?
Not now  I'm going to work on these resources, I appreciate it Meghan.
I have unpaid light and gas bills , I am unable to work due to me being so far in my pregnancy.
We had been working remotely leading up to the July 6 opening, and continue to work remotely biweekly
I hope all is well. I had a contractor who took a deposit from me and never came to start the work.
I have not filed any paper work yet, father if baby is saying he will
What is the paper work that needs to be filed to garnish his bank accounts? And can you only garnish wages? or anything
Dixie but it is problematic because there is a conflict of interest where her grandmother works for the court there and has pull
I work in a city hospital in the Bronx in the behavioral health department
we only work 2 college semesters. Usually in the field
She is open to working out an amicable custody/visitation arrangement
i am trying to fill paper work for visitation, is there a specific website that I have to access
No I'm currently not working. I am suffering with severe anxiety and  PTSD.
I work Fed ex and I only make $485 weekly after taxes, $258 is to much and they breaking the contract I signed with them
I don’t mine they take it’s just that in this moment whit out work it’s to much
I’m no working because the situation we are living with the virus
Would I still be eligible to apply for unemployment although my most recent work was freelance?
i have proof of time that cover was introduce to work and video and pictures
is  there  a  way  to  know  if  the  court  has that paper work  there or  does it  have  to  be  hand written/
all her paper work is from the Bronx the problem is she stays in CT
i am trying to seal my past criminal records. I sent in the paper work and they said it was improper
everytime it wait the 2 weeks the key does not work
I am not fully out of work but my hours we're slashed in half practically
I am a mental health clinician working with a child and have a custody question.
the hotline  isn’t working I’ve called  twice
I am not working as of March 18th...our preschool program was shut down
when I email the paper work over do I need to put anything special in the subject line? when will someone contact me back?
And now because of covic 19 I’m not working and I have bills to pay and our son under my responsibility
I don't find  the paper  work  to take  custody
A also since work in club , it was cash out of the books and its closed , how am I gonna prove that I worked
He went to SSI and reported it. They are working on it. The director and ssworker are not helpful.
yes i appealed. no grievance procedures i am working through my union
Thanks! Yes, we're working around community building and education
I work from home and I haven't been able to focus on my work because of the noise.
No final one yet hoping to get that worked out our next mediation. So I would assume a temporary one?
How do I go about getting paper work staying my case have got dismissed
Hello Anika, What is th DHCR's 24 hour toll free number? 1 866 463 7753 isn't working
I usually work at an autistic  kid house and when the pandemic closed schools his mom sent him to Florida I was out of work
It was on the fair hearing paper work and i cant really make calls from work...(airport/flying)
I need the link for  paper work for filing for a divorce when there’s a child involved and he’s incarcerated
I worked for a non profit organization, but was recently downsized along with 7 other emplyees
I petition paper work too filling for Custody
The 'Waiting Period' for Ex-Offenders is 3 years, he has been working for much of that time in the Union.
Hi I wanted to know if I can fill out paper work online ?
I don’t work. Only my husband works. So I don’t know if I will qualify.
If i start losing  hours at work  can i collect partial unemployment  or do i have to use my vacation time
I work for a security company...mainly inputting payroll and doing  scheduling. With previous bosses, I was able to work from home as needed.
Its difficult because I dont owned a computer and my wifi is not working
Thank you so much! Can they deny me unemployment(if fired) for refusing to work the hours that they asked?
that works, I just can't remember who handles this in that area of nY
Have a nice evening, for your hard work and SEARCH
But good idea to have the subpoena paper work ready
How does the photo copy and notory work if I do it online
i filled out paper work online and I just need to send it
i live in brooklyn and work in manhattan. much of my anxiety is the hour plus commute into work
I am a dental hygienist....but 2 major vehicle accidents left me unable to perform my work.
He’s in Afghanistan so i don’t know how that will work.
i just worked hard to get well and regression of tbi is faster then i thought
NO, if that works, I'm all set.  Thank you Fadi
Also will the lawyer have to be from Ny or can one work in Missouri
Possibly, the list of organizations, are they known for doing Pro-Bono work?
Or anyone that works with veterans would work also maybe.
She works at Helen Hays... essential worker in nursing
the father works at a hospital and he is always at risk for the Covid virus
Hoping this works. Any information about appealing the case?
I’m looking for information/clarification regarding unemployment and what work I’m required to take from my emolo
I am working for a company, I created powerful Excel spreadsheet solely on my own and shared them when supervisor asked me to
i'm a grad student who hasn't worked in some years and couldn't find work after the semester ended
is craze. after i had made payment 1545.. because dont have work
She is working on F1 OPT and once my visa expire, I wish to become her dependnt
Two NYPD shelter cops put their hands on me with cameras working
No I don't I have no idea, I still new to fatherhood and I tryna to learn how the system works
That's ok. Where I work will probably give me a lawyer. This is a nonprofit agency.
Hi, i worked as a contractor. Just ended the contract can i file for unemployment benegit
Ok but I work but also live with someone can that make qualified
