Yes the subject of issue has main office in Manhattan
he live here in Manhattan he did not know he was give it to her the custody of his son when he got divorced
"Israel" wan't an option that I could select here . . . my sister and I both live in Manhattan.
actually I live in the Bronx my child was born in Manhattan
I was told by Manhattan court that you can assist me in this matter
My mother lives in Manhattan that's NYC
in manhattan (its in Washington heights to be exact if that matters)
Our father was from Haifa.  I was actually conceived there, although I was born in Manhattan.
I called the family court in Manhattan and was directed to lift
No it was handled at the NY Interstate office for child support.  I guess it was filed in Manhattan, but not really sure!
I'm located in Brooklyn. The contracting company's headquarters is located in Manhattan
I ATTEMPTED TO FILE IN MANHATTAN AND WAS TOLD I HAD TO FILE IN BROOKLY BECAUSE THAT IS WHERE THE MOTHER RESIDES. I LIVE UPSTATE
he lives in queens but his lawyer's office in manhattan.
I live  in Manhattan but my son resides in the Bronx with his mother I am filing the petition in the Bronx
I live outside of NY but my office is in Manhattan
I live in Manhattan but other parent lives in the Bronx
I live on the upper east side of Manhattan zip 10029
New York has not helped her in any way, she was even told that no one spoke Spanish at the main office in Manhattan.
i live in manhattan in the 10002 zip code.
Thank you, I live in the bronx but I used to work in Manhattan in a hotel in Times Square
I am located in Manhattan my zip code is 10011
I'm currently in Manhattan, although I don't have an address
I just googled "Manhattan" and it says "New York County". The summons and court were all setup in Manhattan
The office was in Manhattan and they were providing me with help as far as getting a deduction on my child support
one live with me in Manhattan and the other one stay ine bronx
My cousin worked in Manhattan family court but she passed
Yes. We are in a bronx zip code but was called for jury duty in manhattan
I am living in one of their buildings in Brooklyn but ICL organization main office in NYC is on Manhattan
The house we rented is in Brooklyn, our company is in Manhattan, so i'm assuming this would be a Brooklyn case?
Where do I go here in Manhattan  tofile divorce papers for free?
The events took place in Orange County.  I live in Manhattan now.
Is there an office for the lift program that deal with child support  in Manhattan
That's a Manhattan number.  I live in Ulster park ny near Kingston in Ulster county.
I am in Queens but our custody agreement was done in Manhattan family court
My friend lived here in Manhattan and that's why I came here
i believe it was in Manhattan she live on 125 and broadway
Is there any organization in the Bronx or Manhattan that help with visitation and custody matters
Thank you and Manhattan, New York but the  case is in the Bronx Family court.
She works in Bronx Ny...unknown address she is homeless living in and out of several different locations in the Bronx and Manhattan
also I’m flexible between Bronx Brooklyn and Manhattan in reference to the resources
In Rockland Cty. However the main office is in Manhattan
Anything between 125th & 135th st in Manhattan?
I need a tenant attorney help in Manhattan
Do I file in the bronx where the case was originally or do I file in manhattan family court where we all live now?
I live in Queens but I spend most of the time in Manhattan studying,  so I prefer something in Manhattan
does it cover manhattan? I don't see it as an option
Thank you. I live in the Bronx but the case is in Manhattan
we reside in Richmond county however the case was in manhattan
can you provide some other organization in Manhattan or Brooklyn as well
How do I file a petition for child support in Manhattan Family Court?
manhattan and the bronx. I have a total of three grandchildren
I was caught with marijuana on the subway in Manhattan, however I was on my way to the Bronx.
I WAS IN MANHATTAN OVER THE WEEKEND BUT HAD TO RETURN UPSTATE FOR WORK
Yes, the Manhattan NY number may be a problem since I don't live in the 5 boroughs....I'm in Dutchess County.
I’m located in Brooklyn, but the letter is coming from Manhattan
Thank you and yes nycha in Manhattan. They will not help me resolve this situation
My hearing held in Manhattan in Adam Clayton Building (Harlem)
I live in Brooklyn now but I have easy access to Manhattan and queens, even Jersey city
I live in Queens New York, I can go the any attorney or organization in Queens, Manhattan and brooklyn
No that's ok I can go back to manhattan legal Services who represented me in 2011.  they will know.  Thanks!
Just checking the status of manhattan family court
Hi are you no churre is ponen. The. Covil cort. An. Manhattan
If it's possible, I dont mind an attorney from manhattan as well
actually I am sorry we got married in Manhattan
We were married in a court house that I believe was in Manhattan.
They both have mental and physical related issues. Living in housing project in Manhattan.
