OK no problem just to ask how much time is this program
hi mike am I allowed to ask you a legal question
why would it not be enforceable if i go to the courts and ask for mediator?
idk if you need to ask questions that can help
I thought it was the enforcement petition but it's asking for the most recent visitation/custody order. I wouldn't have one.
Hi I just wanted to ask a legal quesiton
I’m not asking for legal advise I’m asking how the court system works. 2 different things but ok. Got it.
I’ve got a specific public charge question. Where can I ask it?
I want to know how to deal with this, can I ask you for help?
Im not asking about child support! Im asking abour surrendering my rights thats it!
I was asking about the O-1 visa and if its eligible for PUA?
What from would i use if i wanted to ask for a modification of one of the terms in my divorce agreement?
i was asking in regards of the Puerto rican legal defense form education funds that is offered
If you don't mind my asking, what are your hours of operation ? and is there a different way for clients to ask for spanish?
hi, I'm only asking this question out of curiosity
i have a quick question to ask maybe you guys can help me with
They weren't really helpful in the matter. Should I ask for it to be appealed.
I think that about covers my questions at the moment. I now know where to go to ask these questions. Thank you
But my child needs a new lawyer. That’s what I’m asking for
Yes I have look through that however there’s no information on dropping claims.can there ask me to do that?
My lawyer suggested asking for an add on expense, in addition to the child support, so I would not have to rely on reimbursements
Hi, I actually asked immigrant service to apply my i-131 form. But she did i-130. What should i do?
oh wow, i was going to ask you, thank you
I need a attorney because I asked for a safety transfer from nycha in may of 2019 and I am now at a dv shelter
What is your role within this organization, if you do not mind me asking?
is there maybe someone you could ask for clarification on your end?
Hi there I’d like to ask about divorce
I need to ask some questions about a Information Subpoena I received
I was disconnected a few moments ago when I asked this question
Can you tell me the difference between asking a question concerning a court case vs just asking questions without a court case?
Can you ask someone or is there a supervisor that might know?
yes im currently doing that its with the two avatars asking questions
I was asking about my x husbands survivor right pension plan
They get on the bus and asked for the fare receipt
I asked if I could take my one granddaughter out for her 16th birthday and she never replied
Can my landlord ask me to pay rest of reming term?
Her hearing is on Wednesday   can we ask them to potpone until we get a lawyer
Hello my name is shantel I have Questions to ask
Hi,I want to ask some questions about family court form 6-1
is there anyone i can ask that might know the answers to this?
it comes up...criminal issues and family.what do I do now? ask questions like I did with you?
How old does a minor need to be before they can ask the court to change who they live with?
I wasn't asked if I was going to "sue" for accident
Yes I just need to ask questions to a lawyer.
oh!  Is it too late to ask another question?
I asked for additional dates to do work and none were provided
Okay I been Talking asking questions with other lawyers and there’s nobody that wants to help me
Just multiple letters from lawyers asking me to hire them
will they ask him proof of her living with him? what proof will they except?
I can't walk up and ask for 1 of everything or can I?
Than, why they can ask for  an income which would make one ineligible for section 8? Thank you for your consideration.
ins try to deport LL I WANT A LAWYER TO OBTAIN WWHAT THEY ASK
YES, (obviously I already explained I'm not asking you for legal advice I'm asking for a legal referral)
Yes looking to ask for for forgives on back child support
yeah im not asking for advice. im asking what the law states
so it’s legal advice to explain what the question is asking?
she pretended like I didn’t know what I was asking
Yes I know I'm asking if I can wal into the court house
because i just went through it again and it says to ask the court for one.
Alright sorry for asking too many questions today ant thanks allot
and should reconsider your profession. I am not asking for legal advise which you do not comprehend.
Is it possible to ask you those questions, or would you be available to assist me finding legal help?
Hello,I was told to ask you about legal questions having to do with a divorce
what is the number to call and ask family court questions
I need to ask a question regarding child support.
She signed, and I asked her to wait for the ending of covid-19, NY countywide reopening
thank you so much. Can I ask you another questions?
If I have the inmate number 2020729 but they ask me for a code
i asked for a full explanation and ge gavevme none
what should I do next?? Call the bank ask more information?
I need to ask a lawyer a question about whether or not I can take my former husband to court for non-payment of support
I was just asking you questions about what papers I need to file to get my ex out of my home.
Ok I would like to ask another question
Ok, I will ask them the same question. Thanks for the information.
or asked where have they been, if they traveled o ere with someone that traveled,etc
I would like to ask about small estate affidavit form and general questions about letter of testamentary.
Im still here at the court i will ask right now
Yes my father has asked me to do this for them because my mom cant work
he asks me for the inmate number that I have and the jail code
I’m not asking for advice I’m asking if it’s possible or not
im asking if i have to go to court to file fo this or if i can do it online
Yes I am thanks for asking and hope you are doing the same as well
If there is an office as part of the courts that I could call to ask questions about it
I can ask them the questions im asking know and they will be abel to give me insight
we could ask them to mail me my divorce file?
thats the document number from the court , in case someone else ask you in the future
i was told i can come here to ask 2 simple legal questions to a lawyer
ok so if i ask for a court appointed lawyer where do i ask for one at here or there
ok, but I need to set the stage so I can ask questions, how about we use generalities?  because the leasing company has sued me
no thank you just want to ask, what exactly is this website is it a private firm or by the goverment ?
I asked yesterday regarding a writ of habeous corpus
Just because I left voicemail or asked for refund even if tone language that doesn’t mean that’s harrassment
Thanks wanted to ask question for advice
He is asking if he is to recieving the 1st $100 does that mean his grant funds would decrease?
Of course!  While I have you, can I ask a couple more of substantive questions?
yes. I have no money to hire a lawyer. I just need to ask 1 question.
i don't need guards.  i am asking about full window gates.  different.
But regarding these forms I had questions and not sure who I ask at the court house or anywhere.
I asked about The possibility of a restraining order after some threatening texts being received
I have a child custody case and was wondering what are some questions the judge will ask during the hearing?
What action may he take if I decide to stay and ask for custody here?
trying to do a Electronic Document Delivery System and its asking for a case #
I did go to court in one occasion,  and they asked for proof that my so  lives with me.
so I can ask question regarding child support
courts. I am asking this question due to safety reasons for myself and my family  .
Well I click download but it did not download to my phone so that’s why I’m asking
What can u help with? I thought I just couldn't ask advice, I was looking for some direction but not interested in a lawyer
I have asked for photo documentation of the damage. My father does have some dementia but also has very lucid days.
I need to ask a legal representative a question maybe you can direct me.
They ask for a diabursement statement and they take the total amt revieved
yes. But they never asked me where he works or where he spends most of his time
So I see that i should Only fill out 8-9 to ask for half custody.
i need interactive to ask the questions and i filled in the info,  …...…..yes, I can  send one of these directly to the court?
Hi there, I just had a question about bed bugs.  Should I ask you or?
Is it possible for you ask a lawyer to call me 6032705207 name is sandra
I ask for a modification and put its for college expenses
really trying to ask a legal question
i did everything they ask of me and I’m still didn’t get my transfer
she has been asking for years but he wanted to wait until she was older to really do it
I am afraid to ask. Does the hotline you have, have someone actual that may have answers, free of charge?
like, where can I ask specific questions about my circumstance?
I wanted to ask a question before I file a petition
I wanted to ask a couple of questions in regards to getting custody of my daughther
No but they asked me if my birthdate was right and they kept repeating it and mentioned my ss#
My shelter is asking for him in concerns of him being on my case. I informed them of what is going on.
It has never been this difficult to get help with this ask.
oh okay just read what you wrote. I guess we will just ask for legal representation once we get there
hello is it possible to ask a question about a legal matter?  YES
I just need some advice on how to answwr the question on the application where they ask about the incident
Hi I wanted to ask some questions about Franklin County Conservation District
I tried Google but nothing specifically answers what I'm asking.
lets not forget to mention the denial of service by the ryder center, when I asked to speak to a supervisor
I just asked you for legal information and you told me you cannot help me. Why are you asking me again?
Okay. Would the hearing then be delayed again if I ask for a lawyer? or can I petition for one before the hearing?
I already did ask for one is the guy that haven’t
I want to know how to ask for a restriction order against a neighbor that has been threatening me for almost 2 years
This is precisely the reason I"m asking this question: I don't want it to be rejected by the clerk for incorrectness.
we have gone through and added the information that we thought it was asking for,
no no i'm asking for legal direction because i technically broke and entered into another unit's mailbox
What do I need to do?  Ask court for termination order?
It’s a question I am not asking for advise or anything in that nature
I'm not asking for legal advice I'm asking about a form.
are you still working on the 2 questions I asked??
I asked these people 2to let me come back but the manger denied me. This was about 3 weeks ago I asked 2x
Hi I had another question so ask before he disconnected
Really  Good information..... Can I ask another question?
I don’t have any family here and I don’t know where to ask for help
Sorry. I read it quick from bottom i thght it asked for my name
I am asking for assistance regarding testingn space
Ok, may I ask another question?
Before I refile for custody I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions
So I should call n asked them if I can get the records
An affidavit of service is required to be filled out and the questions asked at the door?
So when i call i just ask for an appointment or the same question i asked you?
can I ask a seemingly random question... can I get the 911 call he made against me?
Sorry I was kicked off. I asked the question of child support modification
i asked to sit down with her and go over everything again and she made an apt and canceled it
And can i ask for a copy of the bills? And whose name is on them
When I call what exactly does my case files under so i will be able to ask the correct questions
and I ask for a Atteorney and i didn’t get one as of yet
To is TGIFFFFF!!!! : )  Thanks for asking.  Did you state that you are counsel?
Does it matter how much he makes as to whether they will let him ask these questions?
i was asked to work front desk yesterday
hi Daniel. I just asked you about “residential” custody and was disconnected
(Essentially, I'm not sure if there's a question left I don't know to ask).
I have a few questions regarding court. Do the judge give both parties the opportunity to    ask for a meditation ?
Hi can I use this resource to ask some questions about a complaint that was filed against me
I'm extended family (cousin), asking for our Grandmother, who is has physical and legal custody
