But I am talking in the event where this has never gone to court
I have talked to a few NY lawyers who are willing to help and they would all like a retainer of "just" 5000 dollars +
My question is will the judge frown upon me talking out our options
Not for now.  I just want some guidance on what to do.  It's probably better if I can talk it out anyway.  Thanks!!
she said she ahs to talk to me and doesnt want to do it over text
hi latoya, this is nicky, we just talked about my 96yo mother
Not at this time, thank you. Hopefully we can just talk everything out. But it's always good to go in knowing your rights.
BUT MAYBE YEARS NOT TALKING  COULD BE AN ISSUE
Would like to talk to immigration attorney
I was talking to Danielle but didn’t get a response only a survey
I need to think about it before I talk to someone. Thanks for your help
Would you be able to give me a referral to an organization or someone I could talk to about the particulars of my situation?
Plattsburg is way to far away and I already talked to the other place...all their attornrys are beyond my finances
do you think they would talk with me if the the docket in queens
I would like to talk to someone, so the situation can be explained clearly
Hi I have visitation and the other party member and her sister  have verbally insulted me while I was talking to my kids on FaceTime.
Now I tried to talk to the owner he doesn’t want to talk to me
Hi I already talked with somebody to the phone I give her my information but she's give me
Thank you! I’m going to inform him that he should atleast talk to someone so they can document it.
I was already talking to someone and lost connection. Do I have to start over?
Is there someone or place I can go to and talk and get help
Hello there , I believe I was talking to you about my issue in nyc about back pay ,
I would like to talk with someone about employee rights in NYC please.
I am not talking about this particular difference. I am talking about only communicating with him through a mediator going forward.
Is there s site I can talk to for an hour of advice like for $100 or do?   But not to hire
He does not let me see them or talk to them, we have no prior case.
I am sorry my pc went off line . I dont know if I am still talking to the samw operator
Seems I can't open the link amd talk with you at the same time
House is wired so talking outloud I can no longer do
everyone I’ve talk to to babysit they decline being afraid of me or my daughter bring in their household the virus
Hello. My father died in FL. I'm trying to figure out if he has a will in NY and who I need to talk to.
Yes please!  I need to talk to someone asap.
Was talking to someone in your chat about custody and get disconnected
Lost my connection talking to someone about paper's
i am going thru an custody battle right now with my child father were he wont let me talk to her
Company said they will talk to the other party and will issues the check
They also offer no resource to talk to a supervisor at anybody about unique or urgent  situations like this
idk if it’s possible to be reconnected With someone. I was talking to someone already and we got disconnected
I need to talk to a lawyer about both issues amd to get my divorce and sue her for slander
yes  I have talked to them they have no clue of when they might start having court
Is there a number to actually call and speak to somebody I really don't like texting I prefer to talk to somebody
I have a coworker who has one. I'm going to ask her and then come back and talk to someone
I wanted to get the website, For the family court that talks about if one parent, has a siblings that is experiencing flu s
i am on ssi so if I can talk to a lawyer for free it would be great, but it's probably not the case
i was talking to a lady earlier but i got busy and when i looked back it had refresh
I need to talk to child support agents
but I also want to talk to someone to see what my options are
I really need to talk with a lawyer please and thank you
I would like to make an appointment to sit and talk with someone
Was wondering how I go about talking to someone about a place mishandling my
I was talking to them mainly about getting hearing adjourned and other stuff
My ex gives me hard time to see and talk on the phone with my son.
He would talk through the door there was no actual way to give him the papers he’s being difficult
can you please transfer me to legal information for families today?  I just began talking to someone and then got a call on my phone
I cannot afford a lawyer but wanted to talk to someone briefly about my questions
I called him and we spoke about it saying that he would talk to the landlord to get in some agreement about the rent money.
Hi I was talking with Joshua but I lost connection
how do i access information about this case. im lost and i dont know who to talk to
I would like to talk to someone in terms os visitation guidelines during this pandemic
Already called and talked several times to them.
I talked to the Lift legal helpline and they said this would work
is there anyone i can talk to? at the court house even?
I asked about who i  talk to regard  to finding a piece of large jagged plastic in my coconut yogurt
One more question , in case the landlord do send me to court is there a way I can talk to a lawyer and defend myself?
I really want to talk with someone on the phone but the dept of labor never picks up
have not talk attorney yet at the moment - not where to go sir
I think that's enough I will talk to these attorney first
Hi how can I talk to someone about a situation on if the police can legally hold a vehicle until they get a search warrant
Awesome, thanks. Is there anyone I can talk to that can help me through this process?
She stripped him of his phone and won't let him talk to me
ok first is there any way to talk rather than text
Is there a lawyer in my area I can talk to? To get some advice? I did call CPS n they weren't interested in helping
I’ll talk to you and try to call lift as well
May we talk through the phone. There is too much information to text.
Fuck talk whole team bitch
HI Celine, I have legal aid questions and I've been having a very hard time talking to someone to see if I have a case.
I would like to talk to a lawyer aboutan immigration issue
I was chatting with Charles don't if you can see what me and him were talking about
thats why I was hoping to find someone to talk to about them
I am looking for private faculty or who’s I talk to about Supervise to my child while father is out there to visit.
Someone that will take the time to talk to me and can represent me on the 9th of September at schoharie town court
ok then that is what I would like to do is talk to someone for consultation
I would like to know if they if they is a 24 hours hotline to talk to someone about child support
Will it be a chat like this or actually talking to someone?
oh my God, thank you so much, it is so good to talk to someone who is very knowledgeble....
Sure, is it just literature or will I have an opportunity to talk with an attorney?
My sons told her that he don’t wants to talk to her ... last Sunday
SOUNDS LIKE ONE SIDE GETS TO TALK NOT THE OTHER
Thank you. I just want my son back. I cant even talk to him
I would like to talk more and find out my rights.
I have a male practice case and need to talk to find a lawyer
Direct me to sn organization please so I will be able to talk to someone
I've talked to them and they still believe that they're right so do I just try to go to housing court?
Hi, my apologies I thought I’m talking with chatbot
I chatted with someone yesterday and she said I should ask to talk to a LIFT operator
So u can talk or gave me a # to call please
they we’re never presence even when I was pregnant we didn’t talk for almost four years.
Thanks. I talked to the county clerk I think and she told me what form to fill out but it's really confusing to me.
But I want to talk to someone not read article please
I talked to another lawyer and he had told me something about assignment of rights
I was looking to find someone to talk with about a lie that was told in the court and how thrown out
I have not been served any paperwork, I did talk to children’s society ( lawyers) and they informed me it would be sent yesterday.
No I want it to be a surprise we’ve talked about it though
I call them already and I don’t understand, sorry I’m not good talking English over the phone
Hello, Scott… I was talking to Charles and would like to get the transcript of our chat sent to me at ciaomiao@aol.com
Ok would i be able to talk with someone
I just would Like a lawyer to represent me becouse i dont want to keep talking to them alone
Hi I’m looking for someone who I can talk to about , My Boyfriends Good time being taken away
How can I go about talking to some one so they can hear my voice.
She never talked on the phone only through email and Google Hangouts. And thankfully Google keeps everything
I am contacting  you for my cousin  with her permission to talk about a adoption  case
Maybe open hours or something to that nature so they can talk to a lawyer about what they need
I have a veterinarian insisting on euthanasia. I would like to talk to a lawyer to understand my legal rights.
need to talk to someone in child support office
We want a dietician or nutrititionist to come talk to us on a regular basis
don't have time need to talk lawyer no next week  this week before lost jod
I would like to find someone to talk to about a current situation with my landlord
Thats why Im talking to you to find out about my options
like to talk to lawyer  have question about job
if you have any insight of who i can talk to or get help from that would be greatly appreciated
I want to find somewhere I can go or talk to which can help me with that
thanks for the advice.  i won't talk to an attorney until i read this.
his sister and I talked all the time she’s 86
I just wan to talk wit my lawyer no one pick on phone...
No, but if the attorney is licensed also in the State of CA, I would like to talk to him or her.
Yes but I still need to have the poa to talk to him.
I already talked to one of his colleagues and, for security reasons, he would not tell me anything.
I want to talk to a lawyer about my options but am on a very fixed income
the first day I found out I was very upset I talked to the girls mother and I asked if abortion was an option
U talk about organization can help me with housing and custody I need that information too
i can Not Talk Inside Of Procedere i will adress of the Council of California in Santa Ana anaheim okay !
Sorry. I talk to someone there and I have lost the information that she gave me.
What happened I was talking to someone and your site gave me a survey and killed my chat
I need to talk with a lawyer about a toxicity issue in the condo building that  I am living in.
Yesterday I went and talked to her but does not want to speak to us
I'm looking for information about eviction laws & someone to talk to about that
i would like to talk with someone about employee rights in nyc
he would get drunk and come yp the stairs at night on our landing and start yelling or just talking
Thank you. Yes, is there someone I can talk to that can help me through this process?
I was talking to someone prio to you but it got cut off
a lawyer in northern ny who i could talk to about this
