Okay How about insurance and lower child support
Does it automatically put the father on child support. Because I’m don’t want to put him on child support
how to make a complaint of not giving child support
can i recieve child support while i’m pregnant?
To whom do I address my child support payment in collection agency
Yes one to child support and dmv thank you.
I have a child support case appearing on 2/24. I filed for non-payment and my ex counter filed for support reduction.
no we don’t have legal agreement we have a child out of wedlock
Or will the courts only use my income on a joint tax return in a child support case matter?
But my child support payment is still going up
Main question is is Child Support Adjustment retroactive to date of filing?
I filled for child support in Bronx court. I’d like to know if it’s possible to drop off my petition?
I need to know what exactly child support is supposed to cover.
I need to know who I can contact with questions around a child being away for military training and child support payments continuing.
Where do I  go to file for child support and can I do it over the computer?
Yes and I’d also like to know if we can still receive child support because she’s continuing her education
No my son is 23 and never lowered the support and no child support collection unit in place
I used the form where you a child support violation petition.
My son just got served with child support from California but my never knew he had a child
My husband went last spring to increase child support. Is the request to increase child support separate from the modification to include add-on expenses?
he’s never paid a penny of child support my whole life
OK, my daughter would like to start a child support case against her childs father
Written agreement in regards to child support.
I have a case, with child support and custody ........ I need a lawyer that why I’m chat with you at this moment,
My ex husband owes child support and has not been making payment
Please for the web on how to reapply for child support
Indeed help getting child support
he needed to find a child support detainee
I was so far along with a lawyer in regards to child support
i havd court ordered child support
ex spouse has not paid child support expenses
I already have a court order for child support how can I have payment go through child support unit ?
hey I will like to put child support on my baby daddy
I need to know how to fill out a violation on child support
also what’s the website for support collection unit
If I have prove the baby’s living with me can the child support get cancel
can I make a petition for child support online
He has paid no child support for approximately 2 years.
7 years no child support from the father
I haven't recieved any documents from the child support agency
i am looking to file for child support and I don’t know how to go about this
Need help finding a lawyer for child custody n child support
I’ll like to filled a child support order how can I apply?
only 1 child gets the will, what does the other child's rights
there's no current Child support. I was looking to start a new case for child support and custody/visitation through Family court
his father rarely can be bothered to see him and hasn't paid child support in years
Hey , I have some questions regarding child support.
I need help filling for child support
I want my child support increased because the father is making more money and he is spending less time with the child.
if I remove her from the order does he have the right to take me to child support for her?
Filing  a child support case form please
But I need to know if putting this man on child support
Sorry can I still fill a child support against him
Oh! How early can I file for child support?
My husband have one complicated situation , he had a child support alimony
Looking for aid with family law. Child visitation and child support.
ok thanks..i have another child support case where the father hasnt paid me
Where do i called for an increase on child support since the child is now getting ready to go to college
It’s part of child support and he’s not complying with the divorce agreement
can you help me with questions about my child support case?
I need the form of filing child support case
I need to know where i can find the form to change my child support
meaning if child support goes to trial
I'm actually the father is like to put myself on child support
Yes.  this is for child support also & I can’t find it on the website
I mean obviously he will need to be responsible but by doing this will it be child support through court order at 16?.
I have a child support case with my sons dad and I would like to know how can I go about removing the child support
I already found the child support papers
I have received child support for a year i don't have his address lives in texas
How l do I file for a court hearing to be relieved of my child support obligation?
Yes also NYS unemployment for child support
At child support hearing. Can I question the petitioner?
child support hearing  on Dec 4
i need an attorney for an upcoming child support case
I just need proof that I'm receiving child support
How can I obtain my original child support order
I have a child support case but right now I am not working what I should do to let the court my situation?
march 10 i go for the results should i  come in and refile for child support
Filling a child support case on the father
Form for My license it is suspended because of child support
Its a case that is involving a divorce and child support
Which form needed to file to terminate child support garnishments by SCU? Prior court order states support ends on 06/19/2020 when child turns 18.
yes I the father been on child support for 7!years
The judge told me that I could lower my child support payments by asking for a modification  of child support
I need a free lawer for a child support matter
I was filling out the violation petition form but it kept asking about children and support. This isn't about child support.
I have a child support case so I need to schedule a court hearing
A hearing for violation for non payment of support
when I use the support enforcement it ask about child support. this isnt that.
How long do I need to live in NYC to fill for child support
I need a lawyer for child support case, can u help me please
I should say I have two child support court orders for 1 child
MD child support is collecting child support but htere were missing period MD CS can't help with.
So how to file child support n child custody
I need to file for child support, how do I go about that?
After paternity how long does it take to receive the payment for child support
How would I go about changing a child support order
Is it legal for child support to take payments twice?
Hi Sarah, I need to find the form to terminate child support.
yet the court continues to support his visits but not support the fact that he does nothing to support
what can i do if one child support payment was skipped and now i do not know what the amount i received was for?
i need to file a child support petiton
I need assistance with a child support and custody/ visitation case.
checking the status of  a child support petition
I am having a hard time finding law information in NYS in regards to a child being 18 years and child support for that child.
is it possible to file a new child support order at the moment?
I filed for non payment of child support
I WAS AWARDED CHILD SUPPORT WHEN MY CHILDREN WAS SMALL THEY ARE NOW GROWN CAN I PETITION THE COURT FOR BACK CHILD SUPPORT?
and my question is if I give custody what jappenes with the child support?
Can someone obtain custody in child support case ? Or you file elsewhere
I would like help obtaining a child support court order that shows how much I am supposed to receive in child support
I have a child support agreement made during my divorce.  My ex is not keeping up with the agreement at all.
one more question. for child support. does the judge consider other children when claculating child support or no?
my child was adopted and im still being charged child support
It takes how long to reply me about my child support filling online?
child support collection unit.  I have an account with them
I haven’t paid child support doto know work how can I make payments what’s the website
hi can I put in for child support right now
I want to know how to fight a child support case. I never legally claimed the child and no DNA was done
How can I upload a photo to the child support website
I have a child support situation i need Some help with
Will I get a second stimulus if I owe child support
I found child support threw online mail the papers in
This is my 9 visit to child support  hearing about the dna payment  and they still  give him time
I have a child support hearing scheduled for Monday April 27th. How do I reschedule?
legal so I won’t get put on child support
My understanding is that you can not hire free legal council in a child support case.
Need help on how to take my child’s father off child support
can you help me with getting a printable form to petition my child support order
One more question when your done. What about how to cancel a previous child support order?
hi.i called child support services earlier to find out how can i receive myself my fathers child support money
Should I attempt to go to the court hearing or notify the courts that he is really responsible for child support payments payments
Good day I would like to know which form I have to fill out for child support if pertatinity was never confirmed for a child
I would like to know how do I go about putting my child’s father on child support
we just spoke abt the child support matter all the numbers you gave me told me they don’t deal with child support matters
top of that nyc child collection  took my corona support $2200  plus tax refund
I’m looking for help with child support
Or can we somehow have our informal agreement formalized by the court with the child support payments directly deposited into my foreign bank account?
How do I find out the name of the petitioner who put me on child support
Hi I need help with my child support case
I need a free consultation for a child support lawyer or someone that deals with child support
I need to apply for child support I already have an assigned case that's not active
Hi I'll like to know if I can file a child support termination online
I would like to take my child father off child support
I have several child support cases levied against me. Need help
Yet there is past cases of fraud within child support
i have a case in FL for child support in iwant to bring to ny,the child support is to high in iwant to a just
I paid $500 cash in California for filling.  I'm not asking for alimony,  no child support, nothing.  I just need help with the documents
Divorce including child matters such as custody, visitation and child support.
Can’t make ends meet for my bills with what I’m left with after my child support deductions
I need help with a child support case
Hi I need a letter stating that I receive child support
Hi my name is Benjamin Campbell, I’m need help with knowing my obligations for child support
I also need the form for  Child Support
If my ex- files for child support enforsement later can i say I was not able to file it because of COVID
Yes I'm interested in applying for child support
It is not Child Support. It is additional Expenses that are unreimbursed per the divorce order
good evening, i'm a bit uncertain which to file, spouse or child support. i will need to explain the situation, is that ok
i know my child is his he’s the one saying to everyone but me that my child ain’t his
i have some questions about child support, when the child is an american citizent but lives outside the country.
I already have an established child support payment , in need it to go through child support unit .
I wanted to update my telephone number and find out will I still received my child support I have a open case
Where to go on the page to lower my child support
I am in the middle of a child support case with my ex
I have a question,  i will like to cancel my child support
the respondent has also been making voluntary child support payments for awhile, will these be deducted from the final child support order?
I need a order of my child support case so I can get temporary assistance at olean,ny
How much is child support for one child
does that mean I have to go to court again? To reinstate my child support
2 Mount ago I did not receive Child support
An i need help getting a restraining order and divorce and some kind of child support
the child support case was done in NY,Bronx
i will like to drop child support case yes
I have custody and am having difficulty in obtaining child support
i need a lawyer to represent me for a child support and custody Case. Child support has already been filed
I just want to terminate the child not whole entire child support.
How to file for a new child support case
I need an original court order for a child support case
Where can I get my child support case reopen ?
Two child support orders because I am on SSI
Thanks - I did a search and couldn't find.  Am good with technology, but only found child support forms.
To my knowledge I only knew child support unit reviews that not department of labor
Can i cancel my child support order right now
Hi John, I have a question about child support
I have had a child at 3 days old mom gave me all papers on child child is 2 I want custody
I have child support court on Wednesday. I need to know how to notify the court that I am sick.
I believe I have a child support order against me -- need to contest paternity to remove child support order.
in my county how would I go about cancelling a child support order?
I want to take the father of my child to court for Child support
I need help with my child support case
Are child support cases reviewed after an order has been made?
I would like to withdraw a case I have against my child father for child support
How do I see how much I owe in child support ?
If I went to court for child support can I withdraw it
I like the foul a petition for child support violation
My question is how do I go about violating someone that hasn't paid child support  going on 2 years now
how Do I file for hardship in child support payments. What form do I use?
Can you help me find violation of a child support order form
thank you. The subject of my child support order is now living with me
should i call the child support collection unit?
i need to file for child support and i have no idea where to begin
I have a questions regarding Alimony and Child Support
Need forms for child support reduction due to being furlough
hi I need to postpone a child support case. How would I go about that
hey i need help filing for child support
I need a former do it yourself adjustment child support..
how about him taking my fiance to court for child support? Can he do that?
He also owes over $7000 in child support
Also, do retroactive payments begin at the same time the child support payments start?
I need to file violation of court support
And returned the June check for Child support uncashed
My question is: Will the child support order be terminated on 4/13?
Where can I find examples of a written child support agreement for NYS?
currently there are no court orders for visitation/custody or child support
What form do I use to vacate a child support order
Hi how are you my name is creilyn and I have a question about child support
I need to file for divorce, child custody and child support. What forms and steps should I take?
Nicole Need help getting my child support proof
Any resources that can help support clients with finding legal representation regarding child support?
My ex seems to have won a case against the doe. He hasn't paid his child support order though
They have what he owes me as it is documented in the child support collection unit.
finally court dismissed that case plus i filled child supports
I was inquiring about my custody agreement and child support situation with my child's father and the meeting arrangements set by family court
i have a child support case next month but i do not have an attorney
But the child support orden I did it on November and I still waiting
One cuestion at this moment my priority is t the custody and child support.....
I would also like all my ex's payments to go through the child support collection unit
Ok I think I can petion the court to end child support
if  a child support case is in one state and a child lives in another is that legal
I requested for child support for my child. I want to dropped it.
i need legal representation to go in front of Monroe County Child support collection unit
Out of child support, because it’s not working, what kind of lawsuit can I file against him?
I have a quick question - cab CSCU enforce maintenance for the spouse and child support or just child support
court is coming after me about child support and I never knew I had a child nor established paternity
The change of support order is that only for child support or maintenance or both.  Can the maintenance part be collected through a different source?
i already have an existing Child support case
where can we obtain court records for custody of a child
have a question about NY Child support enforcement
My court case is for child support located in the bronx
How can I apply to have my child support payment go through child support unit ?
How does it work when you on child support and the child is out of USA
What type of responses may a support magistrate give after a child support hearing?
sorry . I meant I need to adjust reduction for child support .
my ex is not on child support and he’s not helping me
Child support and child visitation case
If a child is home on trial, does child support end?
I'm tryi ng to file child support
I would just like to remove myself from child support, as the child.
i need to file a petiton for child support
im living back with my child and we would like take off the child support
wait the child support case number?
Is child support court and custody/ visitation court separated? Can I ask for custody in child support court ?
where can I get a form for forgiveness child support dismissal
If a judgment was made with a figure for child support to begin on January 17 how will the child support payment be made?
i will like to know how can I apply for child support
want to know what happens if my child father is late with child support payments
Is there a specific period of time that a party needs to be behind before filing for a child support violation?
How do I go about settling child support out of court?
What to I need to do I order to put the father on child support
Also what is Temporary Order of Support & Referral to Support Magistrate form?
I need to file for child support,  please in Brooklyn nyc
So being that this is a child support and child visitation case will it fall under family law?
her father has not been making the child support payments up to date and has arreaes
child support garnish my bank account
I am not sure if it was a court case but I am on child support
I just went to the child support  office and they have no answer,
Does the amount of maintenance change after child support ends
I also set up an account with Child support enforcement unit.
Which form needed to file to terminate child support garnishments by SCU?  Prior court order states support ends on 06/19/2020 when child turns 18.
My ex satisfied the child support order and I never notified the courts and he is now having trouble getting unemployment
i need help ..in lowering my child support
And the child support enforcement agency has exhausted all options
What can I do to have his child support lowered to 0 until work is resumed?
I have questions on continuing child support for an adult child who is a full time student.
I need help for my child support  but for chicago please
Hi. I need to get the documentation that supports my child support from this court.
To end a child support case my child has lived with me for 2yrs now but I'm still being charged cs
Was wondering  how much of child support  goes to the child
I have one child that I’m on child support for and I have 3 others that do live with me
thank you.. no. no child support no court orders. she lived with me for 9.5 yrs..all of her life.
Can a married couple have a child support case
Or is there information I can give to him to explain how child support works?
I just need to find out why I wasn't contacted for my child support hearing.
How do I get my child support payments to come directly out of my ex husband  ssd
How can i obtain the final orderof my child support?
Some one has filed a child support against me and it's fruad
I need help finding information regarding child support and employer compliance with income verification requests for child support purposes
There is also a balance due on my child support enforcement unit account. He hasn't paid a dime
I need help with making changes to child support.
I have a question:  After my acct built can I set court day for my child support using this website?
Yes for past child support about 40,000
At child support hearing can I question the petitioner?
I need help in a child support case
Can you also give me the form to file for child support
I was wondering if child support and child custody can be handled in the same proceedings
Stimulus was confiscated for child support.  That's when I found out.
Please give me an example of common court findings after a child support hearing.
No I need to open a child support order
I have also called NY child support, emailed them and have had no response
I’m going to ask for child support
my question is, i want to open a acct with child support unit
But it’s not child support, it’s alimony, maintenance
I need help enforcing child support.  My ex has changed the amount illegally
my question is...I have 2 child y live in a different country and a need to sumit a Child Support and Custody of my child
can I use this DIY form and just include a written agreement about th custody maintanence and support of my child ??
NYS child support collection agency
But the child support enforcement unit can garnish back support if he puts the money in his personal account?
I have a child support case at the court and I need a lawyer please
I am not receiving child support payments, how do I put a violation?
Assistant in questions on child support and supervised visits
Do you offer a DYI termination petition form for child support?
Okay, so basically child support covers all the child costs?
I need help on child support questions
Can I just have a child support petition form emailed to me instead ??
But the question is if he gives the grandmother temporary custody can she take him to court for child support
yes- what is the name of the document that I would use to file for child support?
also, can I still ask for her child support that she almost never paid after the custody been reversed?
I need advice because my child father is harassing me and once proof that I've been spending money on my child on child support
Need to petition court for reduction in child support
we used our lawyer for custody, and she encouraged my husband to file for child support on his own.
i have a bunch of questions about child support/ visitation
yes, need direction to obtain a child support decision
Hi. I have not received my child support payments.
I need to know where to fill out the papers for child support and child custody?
I need to have an application mailed or emailed to me in order for my already established child support go through child support unit
She wants child support collection to handle his payments, but he has been timely with his base child support every month
I am having difficulty navigating through the new system of petitioning for child support. Should I obtain an actual lawyer for guidance?
i will also file to put myself in child support
Is it the same if the mother was to put me on child support as supposed to me putting myself on child support?
alimony and child support. I was hit with another 15
Yeah to remove my name of child support
I think I read it in the child support enforcement website
Is it misconduct if a magistrate ignores a finding of facts when determining a child support order?
Need help filing for Visitation/child support for my child lianni adams
Hi Jasmine Where can I petition fpr a child support hearing
I don't need help with child support
Also in regards of the child support, do I need to call the agency and notify them about the father's new plans?
I need my child support payments changed
my unemployment was 333 after child support i was only getting 134 a week until the extra 600 came in
Yes can you help me about my child support case?
Thank you. I thought I saw something in the child support website about mailing a petition of downward support to the court
Hi I need help with my child support
Child Support Hotline is not a good resource
Well the. It has to go thru child support because the child support judge is the one who cancelled it
should I need lawyer to file child support
my ex has not paid child support in about 6 years per our court agreement
I would like to file for child support and spouse support
Child support and we’re legally divorced he’s remarried
What do I do during the epidemic if I need to file for child support
We came to an agreement to dissolve all court and child support
Please I need to file for child support,  where to go to do that
I am looking for where i can get help with receiving child support payments
How do I go about filing to get child support payments
Need help with child support case
Hi my Francisco Huayta  I have question how can I make a claim of child support
What form I need for my child emancipation into the Army and to end the child support
Need help with child support order 10year old
How can I access an old dismiss child support case
It seems like the child support will be $1530. So I’ll get $100 and the city $1430, right?
I’m looking for a lawyer to help with child support case
Where can I go to print a copy of first-time child support application instead of dragging a child downtown to get this?
I already have child support why I did not get increase after two years
a DIY Form for child support reduction
Please where to go to file for child support
I was directed to start a case myself online to end child support payments.
Hello, I have just a couple of questions regarding fighting a child support increase + additional support for child car
I am  seeking an attorney to help with child support
Can you help on which form i need to download to terminate a child support order
how can I file child support papers on line
Am not working right now and can't make my child support payments.
Can you also help me locate legal support for this hearing?
Ok I also haven't received any documents from child support enforcement unit
and in regards to the child support i have to prove we share custody of the child
outside the scope of his filing of modificication of child support
Can child support take a stemless check
how do i upload documents for a child support case as evidence
Thank you.  Is there not a DIY form for this?  And for child support, too?
A letter it say how much and how often he get child support
Ok, is nys child support allowed to take payments out of 2 different paychecks? That would be making my payment twice a month.
Or should I go through the child support collection unit? Does it matter?
How long child get child support
