I understand these records are old and sealed because it's a divorce matter. How do I find them?
I have a 10 year  old custody order can I modify it or file a new custody petition
i have a 6 year old and The father has not been involved from birth I would like my wife to adopt my son
Do you have forms to do a will or do you know of an Attorney who can help an 86 year old
I have a 6 years old child. I have visitation on sundays as a divorce agreement
Hi how can I file for full custody for my 5 year old on line
I want to modify my child support my child is 20 years old qnd also reinstate my drivers license
How do I go about adopting my 32 year old daughter
iI would like visitation rights with my 7 year old daughter
So, I'm a 17 year old living in NY, and want to get emancipated.
is 79 years  old she lived with her sister for over 30 yrs
Need to discontinue child Support payments for 21 year old son?
that was my instinct on the 17 year old - could be 18 by the time they get to court
For some reason my 14 year old niece found out
My daughter 2, and a 1 year old boy from another guy
Two year old baby we’ve been fighting for since he was 2 months old
my name is Carla i have a 15 years old daughter
my 18 year old son has been living with me for the last 2 months.
No.i want a modification. Because one of child is 21 year old
A real bad tragedy has happened with my three month year old son I've been looking for somebody to represent me
Also, I have two kids under 21 years old
Yes My mom became a citizen when I was 16. I am now 40 years old and cannot find my greencard
what forms are required by NYS to adopt a 21 year old
Hi what will someone had to do to give his last name to his child that is 3.5 years old now.
Can cases started over 7 years old still be found?
pins petition available for 19 year old son??
my  13 year old daughter is in a psychiatric facility and her father is attempting to obstruct  in her care
if a 16 year old becomes emancipated and her living parent is getting death benefits will she get them?
Even if the 19 year old isn't going to school anymore and choosing not to work.  He is a legal adult.
I am scared for my sanity and life.  I don't know what to do.  These are parents.  I am 37 years old.
My new husband wants to adopt my 33 year old son.
I'm trying to seek sole custody of my 9 year old son
The 21 year old wants to be adopted
I share POA for my 93 year old Mother with a
Is it a NYS state law that an 82 year old can not get temporary custody of their grandchildren?
I am almost 62 years old.  I have asked for spousal support for over 40 years.
I want to adopt my nephew and niece that are 14 and 19 years old. Both parents are in agreement.
What proof is needed to emancipate a 19 year old who doesn't live with custodial parent and working full-time.
my boyfriend has been in his life since he was one years old and his biological father hasn’t been around in like 8-9years
So, I am trying to understand how support ends when a child reaches/exceeds 21 years old?
Can someone file for child support if the child is 19 years old?
I called the law office in Geneva and they told me they can't accept me as aclient because I am not over 60 years old
I am 64 yrs old, have been married for 35 yrs.want a divorce
My ex and I have a daughter, she is 3 years old.
He told my 15 year old son that his Mom warmed the tgermometer up on the stove to get temp from his 98.8 to 103
My father won’t let me see my sister she’s 15 years old
I was looking for some guidance on how to get a court order to put my 65 year old mom into an alcohol rehab center
Her divorce is now over but my son is over 2 years old
how can a 18 year old get emacipated
My 20 year old daughter is taking me for child support
I’m a non-custodial Parent, looking to get visitation for my 17 year old daughter.
Unwed parents were living together and mother leaves home with 1 year old daughter to another state (Fla).
I received a letter for court appearance stating that a child under 18 years old alleged to be neglected
He is 18 years old should I take his mother to court also
my oldest son lives with me in GA and he is 16 years old
My husband been in my son live since he was two years old
My daughter has epilepsy she 20 years old, could she qualify for medicaid ?
okay we do have a 10 year old but custody and support have already been settled through the courts
So here’s my question: do I have the right to give up all rights to my 16 year old daughter?
Because she and my daughter fight all the time over little things and she is 80 years old.
I need to file an initial custody case for my 4  year old.  Paternity is established.  can I do this on-line.
I have 15 year old traffic non moving violations, broken headlight, tailpipe broken
I recently got married and my husband wants to adopt my 19 year old son. Where or how can I get information about this?
Hi, I previously asked you for information on the adoption of an 18 year old
20 year old child support case, paternity established never had DNA have lost passport as well as 150 thousand payment issue
I need to give back residential custody to my daughter for 13 year old grandson
Can I file a modification of child support if 19 year old who is not in college
Custody and support of my 14 year old daughter
I live in the country and I am 70 years old
I want to file for 50/50 custody of my 3 year old son
I would like to apply for custody of my child he's 10 years old
I might also add I'm almost 59 years old with health issues and have no history of non payment
Just trying to find out N.Y. parameters of parental obligation regarding a 19 year olds college payments
Statute of limitation on 15 year old non moving traffic infraction
I have a 7 year old son . His mother and I never had a custody agreement in place. We al lived together until October 2018 .
I am interesting on giving my 14 years old to a foster mom
This is not right! My daughter is 16 years old
I asked if I can collect unemployment until things resolve they said no. I have no money. I had a 6 year old.
how do I file for full custody of my 6 year old that lives with me
They’re almost 80 years old and lived in the building for over 30 years and never had a problem with anyone
i am 17 years old and my work closed March 14. I filed for unemployment and received about 4 payments then it stopped
I need to help a 17 year old.
He just told me the new partner and him have a two year old together
We have children together she 4 years old he has seen her since 12 month old
we have a three year old that was conceived before we got married.,
I make 40,000$ a year and have a 10 month old baby not married
the stove is over 15 year old and the hood which is replaced
she is 14 year old, was born and lives in Japan.
My adoptive mom took him from me when I was 19 years old
I am 61 years old.  I need guardian ad litem for 2 legal issues.
I have a really old one, thats almost a decade old. Can I put no on the background check application ,about never being in trouble?
I’m interested in filing for adoption of my 18 year old step son
Are you able to tell me my rights as a mother to a 2 year old ?
No i would like for my step father to adopt me i am 19 years old and live in new york
I pay child support for 2 children which are now over 21 years old
My daughter is 18 years old and lives in North Carolina, am I still obligated to pay child support?
is it illegal for a 17 year old to have intercourse with a 16 year old
I would like to know how can an 18 year old be adopted and what the cost is
his siblings came in and had his 92 year old mother with late stages of dementia sign legal documents
Yes I am a senior 73 years old
I did not exceed 18 years old on March 18 but now I do
I would like visitation rights with my 7 year old daughter
Hi, I live with my husband and our 3 year old son. Husband is refusing to participate financially in rent and child care etc.
Are we able to add him even tho shes 11 years old now?
I am looking for an sealing for a 15 year old misdemeanor.
I am trying to get custody of my six year old son. He is currently in New Jersey. They say I must file there.
father has never been in the 13 year old's life (not even at birth)
So a thirteen year old can get emancipated?
Okay i have a 2 year old daughter that im looking to get full custody of im the mother
custody, I have an 8 year old and her father just send me a letter from his lawyer
my 17 year old is currently a runaway
My 16 year old son wants my now husband to adopt him..
Okay. Their mom is collecting this support meanwhile my 16 year old hasn't been in school since March.  What can I do?
It just seems neglectful to not even change one thing and expect 5 year olds to pay attention (while getting screamed at)
We have been married for 4 years and we have a 4 year old child
90 year old grandmother passed with the virus.  Her will is old and names 2 executors who have both died.
I am trying to help a 17 year old who's grandmother has full custody of. He left her house in February.
whats the precedent in situations like these.. with a definat 19 year old
I have a question my daughter has reach 21 years old
My 7 year old has been raised by me and in my care sense she was 1 years old.
I am a retired man 78 years old with impaired vision, will this qualified me for free assistance?
Also, that child is 21 years old already
Hi, I am looking to eject my son who is 29 years old and not working and is abusive to family memebers
I need help with how to apply for my 17 years old son passport
At what age does financial responsibility end for a 20 year old in New York
My 8 year old daughter wants to live with me and not her dad. I've tried filing papers, the court wouldn't let me.
I am so upset I am 63 years old and married 32 years
I am 63 years old i live on disability.
Hi , I have a 17 year year old. she turns 18 in janaury and shes goin to college in sept
They are both over 60 years old if this makes a difference
my daughter is 19 years old and her dad has always helped her she works and supports herself
i will like to know how to adopt my wife's 18 year old son
iam 68 years old handicap maybe a lawyer will help
I need to final for custody of 2 to year old grandson
Why am I still getting child support papers from in the past my daughter is 29 years old
traffic infraction non moving statute of limitations. My ticket is 15 years old
my daughter is 15 years old. Her biological father last saw her when she was 3
I am contacting you on behalf of my mom who is 71 years old and has foster children
Can they help with SSDI applications. I have a 26 year old on the autism spectrum.
It would be contested because we have an 8 year old son together
yes hello im am 14 years old my mom put me in south west keys i dont know if you are familiar with the program
this is case where two children on the case will the 21 year old automatically ends
emergency tempory custody for my 14 year old daughter
I have a 3 year old ..some weeks i will not get paid and have to wait on the following  week
Is it legal for father and 4 year old boy to share a room
Two boys they are 9 and 4 years old
So I'm having this custody issue regarding my 7 year old
also, she's 85 years old and lives in Virginia.
my son is moving in with me from NY and he will  be 17 years old
He is now 37 years old so he was only 17 when they died. So he still suffers from it.
My child is Emancipated he is working a full time job and is 20 years old
this unfortunately is not the first time. I already have custody of my 5 year old grandson
I am 75 year old and walk with a cane
I need free TAX assistance for my father ( 72 Years Old )
My son is over 21 years old, why am I still paying child support?
My husband abandoned my 10 year old son and I on january 2020 without notice
Hi  I have a 2 year old who turns 3 next month. She has a disability and is in a school 2 hours a day.
can i do pins petition for 19 year old son who lives with me
I looked up emancipated, but if  20 year old has a child, does this mean it applies?
To get me my mom.my fiancee and my 1 year old out , we have no money as our bills and debt is high
We are aggressively looking for another rental and want out asap.  We have a 10 year old daughter
My 12 year old sister would sneak boys over from her junior high school.  One night I was raped by her 13 year old friend
A 19 year old enters the military for basic training.
The old plaftform I was using for online payments is no longer valid
how can i protect my 76 year old mother's assets from a stranger, now that she's been hospitalized for another bipolar episode? in Brooklyn
They took my husband taxes and they will take my stimulus check but my son is 27 years old
I would like to adopt my 20 year old neice.
I have a 7 year old and her biological father isnt in the picture. How can i get my finance to adopt her?
My daughter it’s 15 years old
yes he lives with her.  He's 11 years old.
im so sorry for the long messages we have a 1 year old daughter together and this whole thing has caused me tremendous anxiety
Yes it has been in Brooklyn and the case is two years old
my father is a Vietnam veteran, 73 yrs old
She is 42 years old. Coma was caused by a recent motor accident on 8/21
this is for a friend of mine. She is 89 years old and would like to get help
She rob me when I was 21 year old and she lied to me
My partner and I have been together on and off for the last few years.  We have a 2 year old daughter.
there are in the United States and they are 16 and 8 years old
My grandson has been emancipated since the age of 18 years old.
and i can not leave a 16 year old caring for a 7 year old for 8-9 hours a day
I have a three year old and they have a one year old so I'm also thinking about their child's wellbeing
I have a few questions regarding this custody dispute regarding my 7 year old
I need someone to help my 13 year old son. With a deceive who  is trying to arrest my child for a rape crime
His father family is ok that the 16yr old is smoking
Hello Amy im interested in filling custody for my son who has been adopted i had him when I was 15 years old
she’s 92 years old and just discharged from hospital
I am trying to help a 20 year old man obtain his identification documents. His parents will not provide them to him.
Hi, I have a question about child support for a 19 year old that works full-time and doesn't go to school.
Hello, can a 19 year old full time college student stop his child support if he doesn’t live at home?
can an 18 year old can adopt a new born baby
I have been in the baby’s life since she was 3 months old and she is now 2yrs old
The old order was through our divorce judgement which was in 2014
No he is 26 years old now I am disputing the amount claimed I owe
and in addition my rights as a 16 year old
I want to know the steps and process in emancipating a 21 year old
Yes. Can you find a lawyer for Senior citizens   70 year old?
The court will only terminate support if the 19 year old does not live with either parent?
I am 68 years old ccx an live in 17i0 a month but have so much debt that I cannot breathe.
I need a law guardian for an 18 year old autistic boy who is not able to recieve his inheritence.I have a will
thank you but i photographed them and i am wondering if there is any agency that deals with seniors as i am 81 years old
Hi I have a 9 years old son and need dna for him
Sorry I am also 50 years old, so bear with me!
Can 17 year old get Emancipation?
correct 2 of the children in the support order are over 21 years old and are working full time
My case will be 3 years old and up for renewal next april. If I file for add-ons this year, does that change that date?
20 years old, going on 21 at the end of this year
I would like to adopt my 25 year old god daughter. What is the process
I noticed on your website unpaid bills can be up to 6 years old.
However, it is really bad especially for my 8 year old son who feels rejected and unwanted
hello, I am inquiring for information in regards to have full guardianship of my disabled daughter that is 23 years old
General info I have residential custody of my 15 and 16 year old children mother abandoned them after two years say I've kidnapped them smh
What options do my daughter has? If she wants to live with me is her request enough (she is 14 years old).
I need to request overnights and a set schedule with my 2 year old child
Thank you! Child support payments are for 2 kids under 11 years old. Payments haven’t been made for a 1 year now
I am looking for an old child support order - about 20/30 years ago
I thought it might be 18 years old but thank you for your assistance.
My son no longer wants to live with his mother he is 16 years old can he legally move in with me his father
What should I do to close my case of my daughter over 21 years old
Hi can you give me a number I. An call to ask legal questions about having my 19 year old move out of my home
Evan is 21 years old and Andrew is 18 years but he joined the navy
