will the city bar justice center be able to give advice?
We are using a mediator that we both like and was recommended by the NYC Bar association.
one was the city bar justice for will and estates
so far i reached out to these who refused to help except for ny city bar
I would like legal help. I was approved though a NY bar association program but was never called and their email address won't go through.
Is there someone who represents the bar association for the state of ny
I had no idea how difficult it was. The Bar Association helped me in the beginning.
can you help me find out if I have a barred time to enter the USA again?
On contacted bar association both on phone and on internet
I may be mixing up the NYS bar association with the American Bar Association referral system
I was told to check into the Nassau/Suffolk bar association but couldn't find contact info for what i needed
Aw geez. Is that how you 'help'? by giving the telephone number of the state bar?   It is a federal case.
New York State Bar Association - Free Legal Answers does not provide legal representation in court.
Okay. Would the bar association help me find a probono lawyer of needed
do you have contact numbers for the bar association or grievance committee
Would the bar association have information about pro bono lawyers ?
For a private attorney bar association is the website ?
Hi, I was directed to this site after calling the NY law bar association...
After filling in the questionnaire, this is the message I get: Please give the City Bar Justice Center's Legal Hotline a call at (212) 626-7383
I there a telephone number for the NYS bar association?
You wouldn't know of property lawyers?  I would have to ask the NYC bar association and NYS bar
can you provide the number for city bar justice?
I was told that there is an application that I can fill out online through this website for New York State Bar Association
I also called the city bar they said they don't have lawyers to help me
i have been in contact with Safe Horizon, the Richmond County Bar Association and several online resources
There was only one in my area so they referred me to the Albany county bar association and I cannot get through to them
ok so the number above is city bar justice center?
ny city bar so far was helpful second time i called
I have filed a complaint with the Nys judicial committee, I'm also contacting the New York State bar Association
Hi! I work for the Nassau County Bar Association and I need this page taken down
NYSBA LRIS referred me to New York City Bar Association.  Looking in my records for others.  Give me a minute.
I have already called City Bar Legal Hotline. However, I was more or less looking for a legal representation.
I did contact them Earlier today and they sent me to nys bar association
The bar association is the one I called. They said they couldn’t help me
can i still talk to "New York State Bar Association - Free Legal Answers"?
I contacted bar association of nassau county 516-747-4832 but again no body pick ups the phone
do you know any websites I can find out the barred time issue?
I am assuming the Bar Assosiation doesn’t have a number I can call
I have a number for NYC bar referral 212-626-7373
I’m looking for a pro bono lawyer. New York City Bar Association Said you may be able to help.
Left a message at  Nassau bar association
Oh the NY bar contact info.
Thanks for your time. I will call the NYS Bar Assoc on Monday when they open.
As I understand, with a felony you are barred from getting a real estate license. If I get the certificate, would that lift that bar?
Regarding the 1) City Bar Justice Center Legal Hotline, will they answer if I am not one of poor/low-income resident?
Looking for a lawyer on the website of Albany Bar Association
my problem is that I am one year and half here and according to all of these links , i am barred from asylum
The number for the bar lawyer referral does not work
I understand that this is the LGBT bar association of NY. Right?
I spoke to Nassau Suffolk they advised that I file a complaint with the Bar Association
Can I still use the NYS Bar short form eff 9/12/10 or has the bill passed by the legislature been signed into law
First, we contacted the NYC bar association, which referred us to the City Bar Justice Center, which referred us to you
Whom/how should i contact because the bar association grievance/disciplinary committee is apaprently closed and unresponsive
Do you think NY Bar can help out of state like me?
do I just search new york bar association? How do I get connected with them?
