Hi my husband and I paid a deposit for an apartment, but now they're asking for more money and don't want to issue a refund.
I need to know where I can find the laws on family moving into my rent stabilized apartment with me.
The kid pulled apart the conduit and the railing off in basement
my mom is the one that was going to the apartment while I was in Dominican republic
I'm not homeless or behind in rent I'm looking for a apartment
i trying to rent apartment in New Jersey
He claimed he wanted to keep the apartment but never got back to landlord
Hi. Can my landlord evict me if the inspector told her my apartment is illegal
Ok but are they free he has no extra money just got a nice apartment for him and the boys?
I wanted to know which route I can go to get an apartment if I was a victim of dv?
They're threatening with a counterclaim...I have photos of after I cleaned the apartment and before leaving to hand the keys over.
They said they would only let me in the apartment when a representative is there but I can't have access or sleep there
I have had mold in my apartment for months and my management company is doing nothing to fix it
I told the landlord I need some time to remove personal items from the apartment he granted me until July 1
The managed or rep at the landlords office said when this was over I’ll never be able to rent an apartment again.
I need help removing a ex boyfriend from my apartment.
but since he was lying and cheating on me, I really don't want him to stay in my apartment
I paid for may and explained I would be surrendering the apartment july 1
07-14-20 - 10-21-20 it doesn’t takes that long for a background or record check I moved out my apartment for nothing
i need two or  three months to loking new apartment for my familt
I am looking for information on how to handle a situation with renting an apartment
my mother lives in an apartment in the bronx and her heat isn't working properly.  Her landlord is refusing to fix it.
I was referred from Legal services of ny regarding a question I have about rent increases for my non-rent stabilized apartment in the Bronx
At this point the repairs in my apartment began to get completed, but with the lowest of quality and attention to detail.
Richmond county. Two family dwelling purchased 2016. I live there in one apartment.
I had to leave my apartment because of attacks on my life because I have videos of my attacks
Could an apartment receive a violation for replacing the stove or sink?
I just rented an apartment and i just found out that the house is in foreclosed and own by the bank.
I’m not get paid from my landlord,he just gave me a free rent apartment
Since then there's been issues of backed up sewage pipe flooding into my apartment
I would like information about rent control apartment law
and my landlord told me there's some issue with my apartment
I need to find out everything about ESD letters and rights as a tenent in a rent stabilized apartment.
apartments and three con ed meters
Hi, i live in a rent stabilized apartment
Hi, I’ve been apartment hunting amidst this chaos
Situation is my lease began on the 1st and my landlord hasn’t given me the key to my apartment.
the biggest issue was when I had to call the cops on the landlord in 2019 when he tried to forcefully enter our apartment
i was told by the landlords wife that the reason was simply because they didn’t want to rent the apartment out anymore
Hello i was told i won a lottery voucher for a hpd building how do i go about looking for an apartment
but ihave the mponey i just waiting for the landlord to fix the apartment
I was wondering if we can make our landlord and someone fixing something in our apartment wear a mask because our child is immune suppressed
I have a lot of issues in my apartment and my landlord and section 8 isn’t helping
He’s also threatening to take everything in the apartment including ripping up the floor he did
she was living an apartment building  she had section 8
They were supposed to find a temporary emergency apartment for my family and I
and the Lanlord cash the check with out giving me the apartment what can I do
I spoke with them and they were like "well we can't force ourselves in to anyone's apartment!"
I want some information on window guards for apartment
I will surrender my apartment because of a roomate issue. She refused to leave.
I was asking about getting help with eviction from family living in my apartment that’s under my name
I need a lawyer for court case on rent I'm disabled n they want repair my apartment properly
And I’m afraid that this guy she is seeing is residing in my apartment
Thank You!  Sice my father took that apartment back I have been living here illegally in a one bedroom hud apartment
I need to get a lawyer for the rental apartment
my baby father came to my apartment he broke the door and he tried to kill me the police found him chocking me
If I pay late rent before eviction date do I get to stay in my apartment
Also, is there a maximum charge per month for individual apartment home improvements?
Hi jason im get evicted from my sublease apartment
I need to know what kind of attorney i need for a problem with moisture and mold in my apartment
Can they add me to an eviction to get my roommate out of the apartment when I no longer live in the apartment  and
Yes. I'm currently in a family shelter.  But I have a voucher to get an apartment
Hi...thank you.  I was placed in a hotel in Brooklyn by my insurance company because i had a massive fire in my apartment...
My rent money is being sent to my old apartment and I proved in court that it's being paid
I also have a 3 month old living in this apartment
He is 20 years old and this is his second apartment, his last apartment was the same size and his bill was 4X less
I want to move out from rent stabilized apartment but I dont know which forms to use
I have limited funds and I'm also in shelter do to loss Apartments
Ok. Perfect. He moved out and let me have the apartment so there was no fight there.
I would like to surrend the apartment to the landlord
face to face contact and no way near  feet apart
They habe one kod but they live apart
Yes. I voluntarily let him back into the apartment and gave him until the end of the month to move out
Yes . My mom is the one helping me manage the apartment. .i living upstate .
I live in a rent stabilized apartment.  I do not receive section 8 nor is this a NYCHA.
I used all my money in this apartment I can’t afford to start over and finally I have my credit in good standing
It is a 2-bedroom apartment and the building is owned by a private landlord.
Hello, I would like information on evicting a subtenant from my apartment
there is someone in his apartment and doesnt pay and I'm scared it will get ruied
asked to be moved to my two bedroom apartment
Can my landlord refuse servicing violations in my apartment if i have surveillance equipment in my home?
I really love my grandson all im tryin to do is be apart of his life
Meanwhile The apartment complex just called us saying we have 10-days to get this belongings out before they take possession of his belongings...
In that time, I also found an apartment for myself and paid a deposit
and mold in this area and throughout apartment for months
Yes what are my rights as far as foreiting my half of the security desposit just let him keep the apartment
A family member by marriage has obtain residence in my nycha apartment and is refusing to leave and they are not on my lease.
Hello, I need assistance involving a NYCHA  apartment I am living in
Hi Cara..my name is Kristy  Parker and I am having a very very hard time right now in a HUD HOUSING apartment where I live
I stated I would be surrendering the Apartment july 1
he had started with removing the door that closes off our apartment from where his is downstairs
I took this apartment because I was told it would be renovated it wasn’t and I needed an apartment near my sons college
Yes, I paid the fee this past January but from my understanding the law was passed in June 2019. I currently live in the apartment
hi, if someones apartment has serious damages to it, and the landlord won't repair them, can you withhold rent?
yes currently still living in the apartment
I would like to find out with whom I can inquire about the following:  I rent an apartment in a privately-owned building in East Harlem.
I just want to know if there are regulations regarding railings on steps outside leading into an apartment.
I thought of filing fr bankruptcy but then I will have a hard time moving to a new apartment, I’m 62
landord saying  apartment is rented for 09SEP
I moved into this apartment in mid March 2020
Decision was made to not move into the apartment. Would the deposit be refundable
I found a broker online and she found me an apartment with a roommate who was looking for someone to move into the spare bedroom
i would like to have assistance with apartments issues
I could use help finding free legal advice. I had some questions about withholding rent for repairs not made in my apartment.
it is a joint ownership apartment. plaintiff has a dispute against me of the percentage of the partition ownership we have  seperately
I’m looking for a transfer to another apartment and state
I have a question regarding subletting my rent stabilized apartment - is this an issue that you could answer?
So I want to know about evicting my partner from the apartment
Here's my issue. I live in a NYC apartment I was told was rent stabilized when I moved in a year ago
2017 WAS WHEN I LEFT THE APARTMENT IN MARCH  AND THEY WENT TO COURT IN 2019 TO FILE A JUDGEMENT ON ME
the manager of the apartment complex is suppose to give her boss the evidence but she’s not really doing anything
Hi! My wife and I are renting an apartment in Manhattan. We understand the laws have recently changed, among other things, wrt application fees.
she is ok for now. But she needs an apartment as soon as possible. The owner wants her out of the apartment soon.
I want to find out if it is legal to surveil inside my own apartment
Trying to find out what are my succession right to a apartment
Do you think the landlord has right to ask me to pay for clean up of entire apartment
I was lied too to get me to rent apartment u can't do that
My brother was given this address yesterday from legal aide for a problem he is having with his manager of his apartment building
I also moved out of our apartment to stay away from him with my kids and his demanding me to give him my son
well, I was kicked out of my apartment with my children from my partner, and  I couldn’t take all my stuffs
Currently there's only the two of us at the apartment, we have two other roommates who are away
What can I do about my landlord having my apartment building condemned and never gave any notice
I just want to understand a couple things about my apartment rightd
I have a question: if I need to make repairs to my apartment, should I contact the landlord in writing?
i have mold in my apartment and falling ceiling and the management is doing nothing about it
