Great, we will reconvene in a couple minutes and I will explain the next step
I’m seeking a modification or termination what’s my next step
Awesome. Please don't exit out of the chat yet. I will explain the next steps when we reconvene.
I’m sorry what is the order of steps to take
Calling the court clerk would be my next step.
I filed the visitation paper work and sent to Bronx family courts what is the next step?
what steps do i need to take to locate them and file for visitation?
Thank you.  Can you kindly clarify if the agreement is between the parents how can it be enforced later?  What are the steps?
Do I have to contact a lawyer or can someone point me in the right direction of "next steps"?
I did the DIY can you please provide me with the next step
I want specific information on the steps to become an emancipated minor
Okay, we will reconvene now and you can ask me your question. I will explain the next steps.
basic steps in family offense petition -
Since he is not employed, what is the next step?  A property execution?
Hi, Where can I find the steps on how to file custody?
my husband is required to pay for health insurance for my step son
Right now I will look into these resources and try to figure my next steps. Thank you for your help!
I can't be involved with the next step. She has to advocate for herself once I establish a resource.
Is the next step tp submit the will for probate?  And if so, can that be done online?
Right so with all the pages, there is no step by step instructions
ah ok - and once I have a copy, what is the next step in terminating the deductions
Okay, great. I will explain the next steps when we reconvene
my grandmother is trying to divorce her husband what’s the steps we got to do to fill the case online
I have the Form 4-11 filled out. What are the next steps?
review the compensation package and advise on next steps
Yeah seeking a ride the next step I need to do thank you for your help
Both parties have worked on our issues and decided that this is the next step in our healing process.
thank you I have to step away from my terminal pls forward what you can
I’ve also reviewed the forms but, neither  specify the steps for out-of-state residents...
I have alot on the subject I will present and was hoping to be guided to the proper next step
I did a DIY form and print it out, it required it to be notarize, but dont  know the next step from there
I was chatting with another agent about me getting to the next step for filing for divorce and I cant locate my spouse
i had a hearing and need to know what steps to take if the judge denies it
That’s great information but I’m hoping to find out the steps to file for divorce
No sorry, just a cellphone. But once I’m on that site, what should I do? Can you give me a step by step?
WHAT THE STEPS NOW SINCE I CANT FILE DIRECTLY WITH THE COURT BECAUSE OF COVID19
No I am trying to find out how to take the steps with NY
and wanted to know the step I needed to take and how long will it take
what’s the step to make to ask for one time deal to look for an apt and get the help ?
No problem! We will reconvene in a couple minutes and I will explain the next steps.
I dont know what are the steps. What are the first steps
Please tell me the next steps to stop this case. What do I need to do?
Next step is Queens County Clerk Office
What is the next step "Order Signed" was written on the short form order?
is there a step by step process and what do I need to claim these funds
She says she willing to release him but that I need to make the 1st step
But I wasn't sure about the next step since I didn't receive any confirmation email back to me.
How do I find someone that can direct me as to the next best steps?
but I was not able to and i am not sure if I still can, or my next steps
hi I am trying to figure out my next steps in my divorce.
ok thanks .do you know my next steps after filling the form out? will someone be about to reach out to me?
Is there a series of steps the court must take.
I need to know what is my next step when I feel my public defender isnt acting in my best interest?
if my husband goes on my insurance would it be ok for my step son to go on too
Yes that’s ok just want information on next steps
thank u but i wasn’t looking for links. i’m looking for yes or no and what the next step would be
We will reconvene in a couple minutes and I will explain the next steps.
okay...so what are the step I need to take to get this resolve when the courts open up
What forms do I need to file for step children adoption with one of the step parent deceased
No. I'm looking to fight for partial adult guardianship. Are there any local resources for this? What steps would i need to take?
I need to know my next court day
and family court i do not qualify for because i am the step parent
Yes, that's good. We will reconvene in a couple minutes and I will explain the next steps.
the judge finally rendered a decision where I owe money, and I just was wondering what the next step is.
I was denied by Ontario county due to me being a step parent
But I lost the screen that would instruct me the next step.
Is there any legal organization that you think could assist him with next steps?
We are going to reconvene now, and I will explain the next steps
what is the first step to take when filing for a divorce?
What do you advice me? what's the first step that I should take? or from the links above
Hello I need helping getting my divorce started what are the steps?
Is this something you can tell me?  next steps, etc?
We will reconvene in a couple minutes and I will explain the next steps
I really need some advice on what steps I cld take when I come back with the girls
arent there steps an agency has to take before someone is fired?
There are no houses for rent by me right now and I dont know what the next step is. Is this an eviction?
No problem. We will reconvene now and I will explain the next steps! Please feel free to reach out if you have any additional questions.
Is there a place that I can look to get information about step parents and disciplining step children?
I’m just confused once they get the paper work I filed what is the next step for me to do
After filing out the application and sending it in what will be the next steps ?
thats my question that i dont understan whats my next step
I want to know all of the steps I need to take
Looking into the next step divorce to keep my children and I safe
I would like to know once I fill out the forms what is my next step
yes I already researched that at length. At the moment I just need help with that email as this is my next step.
worst case senario a test is ordered what are the next steps]?
I know the next step would be something called an income execution
What steps could i take to ensure the courts it is not my intend to break order
Great, we will reconvene in a couple minutes. I will explain the next steps.
Ok so what are the steps to doing that I know I need to go to the courts
Please leave the chat open. I will explain the next steps when we reconvene.
Okay, great. Please leave the chat open. I will explain the next steps when we reconvene.
Steps on how to go about obtaining guardianship of a minor my sister
I appreciate your help, I'm one step ahead of where I was and a little less frustrated.
No problem! Please don't exit out of the chat yet. I will explain the next steps when we reconvene.
I'm looking for legal representation in Schenectady county.  My husband is filing for a divorce and trying to figure out the next step
So the next best step would be to appear in court, ask for a lawyer and express my concerns, wants and needs with them correct?
wanted to know the step in getting this in place
“i had a hearing and need to know what steps to take if the judge denies it”
take someone to court for taking our money out of your account. what would be the steps be?
I fill out application child support through the mail what is the next step being that everything closed nyc how long will be process
it’s ok it’s only a step that I needed thank u
hello, ive maied a petition for custody/visitation. what should be my next step
could use information about both because I'm at step one.
no not at this time...you gave me the option of the next appropriate step to take ...thanks
When I am done with the papers, what’s the next step?
i'm a student attorney looking for the requirements for a step father to get custody of his step sons
I need your help with clarifying the proper steps in order for me to conduct my own diligent search
When filling divorce on your own, and the spouse does not want to sign the papers what would be my next step?
I had a hearing yesterday for visitation I missed am I’m trying to find out what should be my next step
Not yet. I will explain the next steps when everyone has completed the chat. You can leave it open for now.
Hello. I am trying to find out the steps i need to take in order to obtain visitation of my son
