I wanna live with my husband and kids
Wanna know if they can due to being laid off from covid
Oh okay so ima call to see what they gonna said
well its not gonna help me if she's not keeping me ..informed..so what do i do then
i wanna know how can i go about filling for custody of my kids
He has my kids thinking they are gonna die if they see me but if they go out with him they are safe
Thats why I wanna go back to court
violating an order of protection. Wife said she’s gonna have it dropped on that day
She has 529 college fund in her name that we were gonna use to start out lives
I just wanna mention I have a stigmatised disability this is the crux of the whole case
i wanna appeal family court order of protection
911 police officer do not wanna help they say fam,ily court matter
i’ll check them out.  probably gonna get the same problem again.  don’t understand how
petition cuz i wanna close my case
Riverhead is much closer but I wanna make sure I get scene.
thank you so much for your time and help! I'm gonna read thru those sites today!
I just wanna feel whole again...I gotta do something
I wanna do both. I filled out an enforcement petition took it to the court and they wouldn't file it.
cuz i wanna go personal to the court
i just wanna know during this time what can be legal proof that this action was taken
I wanna know how I file for full custody of my son
after I filled out this petition what’s gonna happen?
I have a question regarding to child support I wanna close the case because of the pandemic situacion I'm legal costodial of my son
I Wanna File For Child Support
hi my name crystal rivera i just wanna i can i get more money from my child
My apologies I thought you were gonna send me some information and have an attorney call me but that’s OK
So I think I’m gonna wait until I find a safer place to fill out this petition
I was gonna print it check the boxes and scan then submit
if you get cut in the mouth you tell me if you gonna give conversations
just wanna know what can I do in the mean time
hi my name is anna rossitto I wanna to file a visitation petition for my grandchild can I do online
Oh OK I'm gonna  go take a quick look
Okay I’m gonna give them a call thank you
like hes telling me I’m gonna go to jail if I can’t meet with them
I do not. I think im just gonna get the forms printed and send them in the mail
Thank you so very much, you have been most helpful. I thought it was gonna be a robot haha.
Hi, I wanna ask if I wanna volunteer as a live operator, who I can reach to for the application?
Hi I wanna get more information on how to file a complaint with a debt firm claiming that I owe a debt from 2006.
I wanna know how to get a index number from a 1996 divorce?
i just wanna know how to stop child support for my kids father
I wanna sign my rights over my children mom won’t let me see them or be involved in their lives
there something compliments I wanna make
Okay I think we’re gonna get disconnected again once I click on the link
I’m gonna ask you again cause i think you’re confused
Ok I just don’t wanna own any back pay
I wanna appeal my case to get custody back for my child
and I wanna say it was a criminal court case
I dont hv a case in the moment but. Gonna need a lawyer
I wanna know by law is the mother required to tell me where r daughter is living
So I wanna know how can apply for an appeal in family court
I just wanna make sure I got legal aid inf .
wanna like to ask you a questions
Well its not what to put in the form for what im gonna say, but how to fill out the top of it
Those aren't helpful thanks tho. I just wanna know is there a statute of limitations on a joint custody mediation for a child?
Wanna file a small claim against someone
I wanna file custody for my daughter
I don't know if they will charge me any fee? how much it is gonna be do you know ?
I am looking to file for a divorce I wanna go back to my maiden name
I wanna know how to file a case ?
But I’m not gonna be locked here forever I have things to do like go to the supermarkets appointments etc
I am the child’s mother , I just wanna file for a paternity test
so I’m gonna file the order there
I wanna file a custody petition
I dont know it is last minutw i just wanna know how to prove innocence from he say she say claims
Meaning i wanna go before the courts myself and do this
that’s why he’s gonna do child support
I don’t wanna press charges I just want them off the internet
Therefore I was told that New York does not have jurisdiction but just wanna verify if that’s true
ohh wow i didn't know that was gonna happen like that
i wanna know if I should go to the police ?
i wanna apply a trademark for my starting new brand ,but i dont know how can i do,so i need help
that if I don’t leave the baby he gonna hit me
I have paid for her hotel on temporary basis but I wanna move her to woman shelter house
I wanna mail out my petition for visitation to family court how can I do that and where I mail it too
ugh, she confirmed via email taht she told me to complain to albany. sorry, i just wanna make sure the information is clear
ok I’m gonna try the notarized letter. Who should I send the letter to??
We would like joint custody but don't know what her address is gonna be. She is leaving in 1 week.
and I don’t wanna keep going to jail because then I will get an acs case
I have a lawyer already but he's not representing me anymore the way he use to an I don't wanna deal with him anymore...
I also do no want to change my child last name I wanna keep it as is
the bf says he’s gonna get an order of protection on me so I can be removed from the household
They said they were gonna talk to someone else Nd giveme a call back
I'm gonna go ask those questions now..and see what I can do with the grievance committee
i wanna do a petition of modification for childsupport
because she told me the she’s gonna demand him
yes i have a existing case i wanna try to do online again
Ok cause hes bout to narry me n october thats why shes mad and wanna take him to court
Just gonna write and when you can answer I’ll be here waiting
Hi I wanna know how can I do a dna test thru the courts
I don’t know he’s in jail I wanna file
Thank you goodbye don't close this for like ten seconds I wanna click that number
I EVEN CALLED SENATOR DAVID CARLUCCI OFFICE ABOUT THEM NOW I WANNA PURSUE A LAWSUIT IMMEDIATELY
I wanna restriction order I wanna change the keys ,,,she empty the room and somevstuff for the house
It's OK I saved all the links and I'm gonna shut down this app maybe that would work
She said to me that no judge is gonna tell her what to do with her kid.
I wanna see if I'm in ot
yes please if its not gonna cost money.
He prefers I'm within my aunt cause I don't wanna change schools right now
Ok imma gonna try now
If you are able to tell me where I was rude to you and that is standing I am not gonna   report you
Is there gonna be any cost to do the procedure coz I can’t afford
But it stated he gonna do something. Cuz he feels im playing  when he still receives payment of some way
I have evidence all she say is a lie and I wanna to prove it what this people do
I’m doing everything I wanna know why it’s not opening can you send one to my email
i just wanna make sure whether there is any courst cases against me or not?
Thank you so much. I am gonna try to call them
I left the relationship as it was abusive and now that person says they are gonna have me arrested for the insurance money
Ok I do t wanna press on it and lose you
Go ahead and read I'm gonna continue
Just wanna make sure I print out the right papers
I just wanna know how can I put in a petition for visitation of a child
Thing is I don’t have lawyer $$$ and I just wanna have the information so I know what I’m going against
Do u think it's gonna possible to have someone who can help me in filling
Hi I wanna submit a paternity petition
I’m gonna do research on those sites
