If the parents ( mediation) wont work, can a judge order?
All I know is that I have to see the judge again next Thursday.
Then our trial could possibly lower his monthly amount, depending on what the judge decides.
i would like to consolidate maintenance and all other non compliance before Hon Judge Poulos
or can it be waived by the judge if the other biological parent is deceased?
I don't think so.  We signed a seprration agreement in February. I assume we were wiating for the judge to sign
I heard it was 30 days from when the judge had signed
can i tell the judge my concern or wait until i get the lawyer
I need help a case that is due at 10 am with the judge
So can you tell me what forms do I need to sleep judge
I see. Okay, would I be able to ask the judge if I can reschedule this appeal until I get legal representation?
If i dnt get serverd should I tell the judge once I find out when court is
At what age can a child's wishes be heard by the judge in a custody case?
can an order be issued for her not leave the state or certain radius based on what I explain to the judge?
I need a few Forms to present to a Judge, Disorderly Conduct charge
So I went to family court and spoke with the judge
I already tried that but the judge refuses to modify my support because my income changed
the judge urged me to get a probono lawyer...........and im stuck.
If I can go and ask the judge then for him to pay for retainer for a new lawyer
so I am requesting to go to in person to explain to the judge why i want to modify the custody agreement
I never been in front of a Judge, only a support hearing Officer who is Not a Judge,
But the judge and Dss is aware that he turned 18
the judge makes up his own formula too.  The formula for child support and maintenance online is fake
Thank you. I need to win the Housing HP Case never found anyone for it but the Judge has been extremely supportive
how long do it take a judge to Family child support
because last time i had everything i needed the judge chew me and threw me like if i was a millionaire.
I'm looking for my child support papers from judge Myers or the court house it's self stating that I do not owe anything
Is there like a trial in child support court , so the judge has to listen
The judge did not even give me temporary support
A judge is needed to make some decisions we cant come to an agreement on.
She claimed the judge said there nothing she could do
what will be the case that the judge rules in my favor of what i am asking
She has a question about whether the hearing will for certain occur in december or whether the judge can
the judges here think they are above the law,they don't comply with what another judge rules
I'm fairly certain that the judge would not see it as grounds for dismissal.
And So the Judge Upstate had to Dismiss the Case because it was out of his Jurisdiction
I waited months to see a judge each time I received a court date to see a judge
They said I have to see the judge to get it modified
okay so only a judge can stop or suspend payments
So i can just tell the judge that I’m not comfortable with it being lifted?
Yes that day the judge ordered him to pay but he hasn’t
is there always a hearing on a petition like that, or can a judge just make a ruling without a hearing?
OK great so then a support magistrate hears this case again or a regular judge.
I need to set up a hearing with an administrative law judge to fight this ruling.
Do they automatically register judges orders with the county clerk?
I filed for custody back in October and I still have yet to go before a judge
I was told by the health department that your offices could assist me getting a judge to order a release order from county court judge
would I get legal help? Or would I have to face this on my own in front of a judge?
Have court for upcoming restraining order 3/11/2020,with Judge Mary Carney
If I don’t let them go will I be in violation of what the judge said
is there any difference if we have agreement in these areas or still a judge will have a say
We do already have a schedule in place and signed by a judge
This I will tell the judge. Of course, the findings are for the courts.
How can I get another copy of the custody record sign by the judge?
Then would the Pope have to present to a judge that he is the biological father?
it's kind of a public corruption issue they obtained some invalid court decisions/filed fraudulent docs and had a biased judge really horrible
I’m also trying to recuse the judge in family court. Judge Young refusing to leave.
I would like to know how we could get a judge's order fot this procedure now not a week or so but early next week
I need to see a judge how can I see one
In family court why does the judge ask if either party filed for divorce ny state
Do not even see my name on the judge list
I will read it, however the judge said not with the new laws.
the judge dismissed my petition without justificatoin
I have child support for my son but I need judge order courts
OK I Understand Can a Judge Be bias or Agency
i didn’t receive a letter telling me. That judge made a decision and went with the agency
Can I modify or amended a emalated child after case was decided by judge
i want to recieve a copy of one that has been issued and passed by a judge
But the judge handling the case will not even give me a trial... only lawyer conferences
The supervising judge of the same court we are in or another one in our county?
I'm trying to take 2 judges to court
okay I see. I can explain this dire situation to the judge
I guess my question is why can’t the judge enforce compliance with covid precautions?
My name is tanya davis my bod is 11-19-1979 and i was infromof judge Jennings
Will the judge grant me time to seek counsel if I ask?
I hope a judge finds these circumstances extreme
The judge dismiss my case for not producing material evidence to support my claim
I need a lawyer to help tell this to the judge
i went to court in october for child support and the judge never finish signing order
He never filed for visitation.  The judge said if he ever wants it he would have to go to court and he never did
like is there a petition i can file to get a new judge on my case?
Ok so can I develop a child custody/visitation agreement to present to the judge ?
Yes.   When are family court judges up for re-election?
2nd question: how can I file a complaint against a family court judge?
ok from what I hear is that I have to file a petition first in order for the judge to look at it
would your agency help pen a letter of this nature to the supervising judge.
The judge told me that this is subject to family court exception for child visitation purposes
Shall I contact the court clerk in the am? Or wait and ask the judge for an adjournment.
Is really like to change the  judge n my child's law guardian
so thats why need a copy and than request to speak judge
Now I am afraid the probate court judge will throw me in the country jail for contempt of court
Do judges take into account the amount of time the child spends at my house?
Once I get in front of a judge, would my son's father have to be there as well?
My attorney and I have informed the judge we will have her served very soon bc we found her or are close to.
It was not set because the attorneys order failed to put it in there and judge missed it
I need someone to help me fill these in so I can send them back to the judge
Well the Judge ordered Hipaa and an Alcohol assessment and I refused at the beginning
I am trying to discover how evidence and a list of witnesses should be presented to Judge Cecily Morris in family court?
well it was the home state for the order. But the judge (real Judge not magistrate) found the error and dismissed it in 2015
each time I went to court to see the judge
I need my case reviewed. The judge made a judgement against me to pay more than my yearly imcome.
I was told to go thru the courts so I need to see a judge
Since shes 15 she was told by CPS the judge would let her choose
In our last hearing the judge ordered me to open an account with the child support enforcement unit.
Yes, I want to file an OSC which will be heard by the judge.
the the judge let extenant stay in house until  found new place is this legal . Do i have any recourse.
Ok so do u kno if I were to file the complaint would the judge b removed, as it would b conflict of interest...
but im done wasting my time i cant stand seeing courts and not getting what so many judges he suppose to pay
What are the parents rights if your child was placed in a treatment facility by family court judge?
I need to speak with an attorney as the mediation judge explained that the issues are complicated for me to address on my own
The guy lies right to the judge and we have evidence , yet  the judge does not listen at all to us
Can I ask a judge to have court ordered permanent mediation, so I do not have to communicate with my ex-husband directly going forward?
its someting that should be discussed with the judge ONLY HEARD ONE SIDE
What the judge said was the person was not a family member
Custody and rights but the judge is not playing fair
when I submit my paperwork the judge kept saying it’s hearsay and dismissed it.
I requested a hearing before an administrative EEOC judge .
okay, will the witness statements be helpful in persuading the judge to confirm i am actually the father
at what age does the judge allow the child to indicate who they want to live with?
Judge awarded possession of our apt to petitioner
Yes I have done all that. Judge still refuses to lower the support order.
Yes that's where I saw the judge that time
how can it be deemed an emergency and a judge hear it immediately
My lawyer told me that I couldn't go to  Family court for some reason and have to see the divorce judge  that violated my rights
Do you know if there are resources where former judges offer those kind of services?
The case will be heard by an Administrative Judge assigned by the EEOC
How likely do you think the judge would grant video visits?
request the Judge to approve and have Talcott release my annuity
The judge suggested that she contact you as she (judge) was not able to assign a court appointed lawyer
I need to have a petition regarding residential custody with my ex we already have a 50-50 custody agreement signed by the judge in 2015
NYS has laws unlike most states that a dr or a lawyer or judge have to order the test.
I thought when you file you see a mediator first before the judge
If I do, my families life and well being is in the hands of a judge
Ok...if I were to file a complaint against this judge would this judge b kick off my case
does she need to make copies for the judge and the other party of the relevant sections
as in the ruling that was decided by the judge and what was petitioned in the first place
How I can I fight this case against me? I read about. Go to court and if qualify have the judge to vacate this debt
I need the judge a prouve papers from child support
I clicked yes. NOt sure what happened.I was instructed by mediation judge to contact bar assoc or
I went to the family court house..but the judge is not taking any new petition because of covid19..
How long after a child support final hearing does a judge have to make a judgment?
this is clearly referenced in the Chief Judge Marks orders for COVID
I want to ask a judge for advice and directions as an heir to my late father's estate.  How do I do that?
I am in need of locating a paper signed by a judge regarding my adoption in 1974. I have the docket #
Judge wrote back ruling in my Favor which then ruled for a hearing de novo.
I wrote an email to the judge myself and explained he’ Failed to comply with the court order
I need free legal assistance for an overpayment based on appealing my case to see an administrative law judge.
Can you appeal almost any decision the judge makes? That is good to know.
Does the judge waive service or dismiss the custody petition ?
I would like my separation agreement (with children specifically) to go before a judge for modification
preferably ones that dismal was granted by the judge
Sure. I am a forensic psychiatrist in practice a long time. I have an updated CV which I would like to send to the judges
I dont think it is there fault or the judges just the system
now i just want to do like mediation then if that don't work then go to judge
But the judge ordered he pay the back amount even after he filed the modification petition.
he want to file papers in court to see the judge
The judge told my ex he needed a lawyer on the first day of court.
Would it be okay to let the judge know on Friday that I have also filed a petition for custody?
I unfortunately can not find the original judges decision but do have a photo of it
Yes Judge Campbell in Orange Ciunty Court
Judge ruled for all back payment to be paid by Dec 7th. My ex did not pay
