I'm wondering if you could help guide me in the right direction
I guess that is it. Thanks again.Have a wonderful day.
Ok wonderful thank u for your help!
Hi I was wondering if the sick time act also expands to upstatwle NY?
The program they have available, I was wondering if recycling cans n bottles would be counted as n income if they asked
I was wondering how my dad can get a lawyer to assist him in his court custody case.
I’m wondering if I go to put myself on child support how does that work
Hello, I was wondering if there’s anyway I can file for custody of my child during the COVID-19
i was wonder how i would go about saving my progress
Hi I'm wondering if you have heard/know if O-1 Visa holders are eligible for PUA?
I was wondering if you could help me search for legal help in Geneva NY
Anyhow was still wondering why is it so difficult  to efile?
Im wondering legally how much do you do you have to pay on a mecical bill in nys a yr
I was wondering what I had to do to violate the primary physical parent
Hi I am wondering if I can file a new petition online? If so what is the website please
I am wondering about Onondaga Family Court being in session.
I’m wondering if I have any standing with wrongful termination
Hi Im wondering if your allowed company at your home to visit if its family
I was looking to petition the court for a devorce agreement I was just wondering how to contact them
No, just wondering if this is a common practice as I never heard of this before
I was wondering how I am blue to receive help such as food pantries from Make The Road NY
yes Hi , i am wondering if h2 a workers
I live in the mortisania district. I am wondering if it is radical Jehovah witness members? I am not sure.
was wondering do i have a case because ia mean for 3yrs on a vechecl i paid on from day one
I was wondering if you could advise me on how to apply for custody of my granddaughter
I am going to get off the line now.  Thank you so much again and you have a wonderful day!
I was wondering if I can go live with my dad in Mexico
I was wondering how I fill out a custody modification paper. Lol and no problem don’t  worry
this should be good i will contact as soon as i can u have a wonderful evening
ok got it thank you very much.  That is all I have.  Have a wonderful day !!!!  HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU AS WELL.
I was wondering if you can direct me to a human human rights lawyer for my case off my constitution been broken
so I wonder such small cases are still operate on scheduled dates?
im wondering what  my rights are around getting a rent abatement.
just wondering if you can help me with assistance about join cuatudy
oh! Haha wonderful. Yeah my phone locked and kicked me out of the chat. Thank you I appreciate it!
I have gotten laid off and I am wondering about my child support payments?
i was wondering if i can please get help obtaining a lawyer
Wondering if you could help with landlord/tenant issue
Hello, I am wondering if there is a custody petition that is in Spanish.
Wonderful!  Thank you so much Lindsey!  I appreciate your time and the information you have shared, especially the referral list.
Hello Ashlynn I'm wondering if I can download the forms for custody
Wonderful you are a great help! I’ll like at the resources
I was wondering if there were any guidelines reccomended by NY family court regarding Covid19 and custody exchanges
Not at this time but I appreciate your help have a wonderful evening and weekend..Thank you once again.
Hello I was wondering how can I obtain a paternity court order of my unborn child with the alleged father in Monroe county?
Hello. Wondering about my options in zip code 11221
No you have been wonderful. I now have a start point. Have a wonderful evening
I was wondering if my employer had broken any laws and was wondering if this was the right place to explain the situation?
Hi so I am wondering where I could find a lawyer who could write a letter to an agency for me
Hi, I am wondering how to file a child support payment adjustment after being unemployed due to coronavirus
Hi Jason, I have a bit of a situation and was wondering if you could help?
Hi, I was wondering where do I need to go to  file for divorce in Monroe county?
Before i review it i was wondering could i get a lawyer out of town to help me with my case
I am just going to guess its the x. So thank you again have a wonderful day! ^^
I am tryin to file a violation of child support n wondering how many pages are there
I was wondering. I do dental insurance claim for a dental office - I am an employee
Hi I have A few questions.  i was wondering if the bronx family court is accepting new petitions for full custody?
that would be my 60 days. I was wondering if you can point me in the right direction
I was wondering if their was a place I could get help filling out divorce papers?
I appreciate  your help and I hope you have a wonderful weekend.
Thank you so much Kayla! Have a wonderful day & Happy Holidays!
I have a Surety bond and wondered if I could I could use to acquire a lawyer?
Okay...Have a wonderful day.  Thanks for your help and your patience.
Yes! Found it. Thank you so much again and have a wonderful afternoon!
I was wondering if you knew what time frame does a landlord have if there is code violation
I was wondering if there was a link for the child support COLA
Hi I’m wondering if there a way to dropped the child support case?
They say cant sue. But was wondering how long they can collect
im going to check out the LIFT website now. Thank you have a wonderful evening
I am wondering if you can get a family offense petition online to be filled out
That's understood im just wondering that's all
Hi I was wondering if I’m 16 can I be emancipated and how do I go about it
i was wondering if you can help me submission of a petition for custody
Hi I am wondering what I need to do to file a violation to a family court oreder
I came across your website and am wondering how everything works and if I can use this as a resource
Hi, I am wondering where to find the Maintenance support form
ok I’m just wondering if I would even get any child support if I take him to court
i'm wondering does the amount I make affect how much he should be
i don't think i need an attorny, just wondering how much i should sue for
I was wondering how can i apply for primary costudy for my child and from what age? How early can i file for it?
I think so. I wonder if he really needs to sign the document in front of a notary
No thanks I was just wondering if it was illegal not to change of address
I was wondering how I can get more information concerning divorce filing
No.  Have a wonderful holiday and happy New Year
Hi I was wondering how do I withdraw a petition for custody is albany new york...because the circumstances have changed
I'm just wondering what options my father might have.
Morning I was wondering on which documents to print for a new visitation case. I'm helping my boyfriend out.
i was just wondering if a lawyer is needed to adjust a custody agreement
so even if they have hurt me and the child, I wonder if they'll go through such lengths
i was just wondering why a justice would reject a guilty plea for a traffic violation ticket
Ok thanks Melissa have a wonderful day
i'm wondering if the governor's covid executive order changes this.
Hello, I am filing a GF-1 with custody and I'm wondering if there is any help to figure out how to do this form.
Ok thanks you were a great help.  Have yourself a very happy holiday season and a wonderful New Year I hope mine gets better.😊🙏🤞👍
hi my name is Abby. I just had a question I was wondering what are the steps If I choose to go to family court
I’m wondering what I would have to do to get court ordered visitation with my child
I was wondering how to get assistance or questions on a traffic ticket
I'm wondering how to apply for an increase to my alimony..
Ok thank you for your time, have a wonderful day.
I'm set on that already. I just was wondering if you guys could reAd over agreement
i'm wondering if it's wise for me to fix the mailbox to prevent this from ballooning
I was wondering if it's legal for my landlord to prevent me from having visitors
I hope you have a wonderful day and many blessing come your way for your kindness today stay well !
Ty for your help and support have a wonderful day
thank you so much Greg, have a wonderful day.
Hello i was wondering what would be under the terms of a bad service?
im just wondering how i file a new custody petetion online??
Hi! I was wondering if I can get some guidance on Unemployment Insurance under the Care"s Act?
i was wondering if I could get a lawyer pointed to me before court
I am wondering if I can ask for additional time in order to get counsel to help me with the settlement conference.
So, they moved..it looks like. THank you, Jasmine..you're wonderful!
Wonderful.  Thank you so much.  We're just happy to have a place to start.
No, but thank you.  I was wondering what documented proof to prove to the child support court is needed
Hi was just wondering if you can provide some advice on a current situation I'm having
I'm just wondering what the term PBR stands for in a family court case
Hi I was wondering If for the sota program you have to be homeless
Hi I am just wondering you. Can help me find how get copy my dna text for my child
Yes I will. Thank you I hope you have A wonderful December
