That number doesn't work i just called and its a dead line?
I have a file and docket number of a court order not being obeyed
ok.  just so you know, i called the numbers on their website
Thats who I called and they only gave me the case number and sent me to this website to get the docket number
I have a docket number already but I was told I fill that particular form
That's the number I've been calling and no one is answering at all
i called them and they said to call this 800 number and they charge fees. Then that number told me to come here.
Yeah that’s the number that’s disconnected
I called that number they gave me a Human Resources number and when I called it and hit the option there was no one there
I called a number and it says its to in service the other one rings out
I called the number but the rep said I had to ho online to report that I'm not working
I have called the 315 number and they was the one that told me to contact you guys
Yes. The second number is what I called. I’ll try with the corona virus one
I have a file number and a docket number if that help?
Oh ok so I guess I will call and give my name and number or should I also give a brief description of my issue
Is there a direct number I can call ? I can’t seem to find one online
thank you and this is number is for small business owners right?
i checked all of the docket  number under the judge name
ok can I have a name and number I need a lawyer ASAP
I had contacted a few place that gave me they number I called that how I came by this website
I call that number many times I go through a long automated and then they hang saying the lines are busy
Is there any number I can call to find were they take people who get arrested
i need the number to the support collections unit.
Also can you give me the number to call ? Please & thank you
OK. what number for Community Mediation the number you wrote?
I just want the number and address to the malpractice insurance company
Hi is there a number my mom can call for assistance?
Is 718 237 2000 a number for your offices?
ok cool this is the docket number: V-25482-16/20C
Just called 917 number.  Wouldn’t go through.  See?
Ok but I have to put my number to do online account
Will I be able to obtain one this quick? I called both numbers but the offices are closed. I will try in the morning.
I Called the family court first and they directed me to another number, and the number directed me to this site.
Ok what's the number to call for appointment
I'm calling the office number can't get anyone if there I a different  number  you can give me it will be helpful thanks
I wanted to know if u can help me to  obtain a tax identification number
yes thank you, I called the number you gave me and he gave my another email in which I submit my application, so thank you
Yes I have the docket number. I called that number but no one answers the phone
no that should be it. If anything i could write again or call the number you sent
Hi my name is Robert Johnson and my case number is )#BF34334B1
if you can please.  When I call the numbers no one picks up
I call number you send don't help me
i checked online but I don’t know my case number if I call can they help me with that?
yes I do and I called and they gave me the number for L.I.F.T
I’ve called for a fair hearing and no numbers work
He wants me to call the governors office if you have a number for there too please
I actually called that number earlier and left a message
Ok so I go there purchase and index number and I file there?
YES.. I CALLED THOSE NUMBERS EARLIER..BUT THEY ARE BUSY..I WILL TRY NY LAG LATER ON..
I need to lookup the docket number for my child support from family court from back in 2000.
i called and got a 212 268 5000 number and it goes straight to voicemail
I need to find a docket number in child support case. I have the defendant father’s name.
No I’m alright for now. Ill start calling these numbers now.
yes the number I've called 718)298-0500 but the person who answered but extremely rude and condescending
but can I know the cause number to give it to a lawyer
maybe im not calling the right number?
Dou you need file odometer number?
the number they gave me 7182862000 is voicemail only and it was full not able to accept more calls
But won't that require a file number. I have nothing but the names and address
Is there a number that i can possibly call and talk to an actual person?
That may be one of his old addresses (he moved around a lot). I'll call that number.
Wat if i dont have the court case number
Yes that is the number for the court house I called
We called the town and other numbers and they told us non essential
no just confirmation number 0NK4PXY2 posted 7/30/20 @ 4:27.pm
okay but he recently has changed his number but i do have a contact info for his last number can that help still
with there be any way to look at my current case number or petition number
Is there a number or person I can call regarding filing a complaint
could you guide to where I could check a child services case number
Hi I need to schedule a fair hearing. I tried many times to call the numbers listed on the website today and it was busy
Idk lol called the number from the site
yeah i called them who put me to another number which doesnt seem to be working
No, I'm going to take your advice and call those numbers now
Where can someone find their docket number if they haven't been served
Can you give me a direct number instead of doing it online please
what’s the number to call for child support
can i use these number to file a harrasment suit
Trying to file a EDDS for a will and it asked  for a case number but there is no case number
Can you pls double check and give me the number again
so thats means no assistance on index number
I keep getting passed to another number and dead ends
I just called that number and they said they don't help on criminal cases or information
Thanks I’ll try  the information you gave me. . All the numbers they gave is  is either busy or voicemail is full.
I understand but what does it mean to "out your docket number information"?
I have tried calling all the hotline numbers already
I called the family court number but the link provided doesnt work
I just have the number to,the court that I meed to call
No, I'll try calling the number you provided.
I dont know the docket number only the index numer
Thank you for the telephone numbers. I will begin calling.
Hi I need to track down the index number in Queens special term  court
i tried calling basically all the numbers for nyc dol
is there any telephone number where I can call maybe you guys can email me the form
So I’ll have to go in person ? I can’t call right if there’s no number
Everything is clear I go to save all this numbers and call
you can see the cause number he is called Juan Antonio Hernández Rosas
ok. I do have the court order number. Thank-you.
I don’t know if they gave it a docket number either
All they gave me was a conformation number saying they received it
It’s only saying enforcement and I don’t have a docket number or anything so I’m kinda lost
lol anyway can I use the index number?
Is there a way I can find a docket number on a custody case?
file number and docket nubmer are same or different?
You have been extremely helpful. I can call any of thoes numbers up top? It dont have to be in my area?
I have no case number or index number as we would not provide me with my file
my research found there is no address for this company/person only website & name & number was found
Do you kno the direct number forms mediator
This is the same number we called, which directed us to yu
The person gave me numbers to call but I don't have all the information because it was emailed
i know that I just need to specific form numbers
Ok so call the number u gave me right
Thanks ..ill call lift i think its a nyc number iam in utica n y not in city
yes, if you give me a resource number, I will pass it on to her.
A list of numbers for family attorney near me
I don’t know my local office number
it could find the docket or file number I provided
Please provide me a link or number to call as I moving and take my daughter out of state
ok.  do you have any other alternate  numbers i can call or other resources I can  check out?
Yes, sorry that I already shared my name and number.
The pone numbers that you provide are numbers to lawyers that can assist with my case
That number u gave me is asking  for an Extension number
i didn't receive a confirmation number but i did receive a document ID number. Should i give that?
I don't see family court as an option when filing for the first time. I don't have  a docket number or file number yet.
What information do you need? I have no order number or anything like that. I have an account number. BR25829R5.
I tried the hot line number. The civil court number they give for center street , I called and it’s on
i have the account number can i find the order online?
would you know the number for child support enforcementagency
I need the court case docket number
There is a pending foreclosure case..Robby Short as the defendant....I need the index number please
what someone earlier gave me a number with a extension number
I have tried these numbers and I have that website and still I don’t hear from anyone
Hi ! I had a question, when filing for divorce, after paying index number fee, how long does it take to get this index number?
what do i need  in order to file for child support and is it possible to purchase a divorce index number online?
I don’t think the AD has online access to records. I don’t even have a docket number for the alleged appeal.
Do you know how the docket numbers work?  I have an index number that is not working
I would like tax identification number instead of using my social number when I am starting an online business I work full time as well
And lift is the 212 area code number you gave me
File number 247268 docket number f-05467-20
I called 311 a number of times and filed a complaint but no one helps
i called there today that number isn't assisting anyone
Oh that’s helpful thank you I was trying to write the numbers down
Also, I will need waivers for the index numbere
To dismiss a case, would those two numbers be the ones to try?
btw I just called the number you gave me and they told me to mail in my support modification
They are asking for the file number or docket number which is what I need for my lawyer
They told and gave the prisoner and the people who called for the prisoner to complain a number outside of the United States
Thank you Shelby. I tried calling the numbers you gave me and they don’t exist.
I can send you the docket number and file number if you need it
Yes i have and i called the number as well as filed an online complaint but I haven’t heard anything as of yet.
I have a few questions about the index number in a divorce case
Thanks. I called the number above but didn’t give me the option that I need.
I am going to attempt tk call a toll free number
I dont have a case, file or docket number
I went down that road they were full I will try again do you have there number off hand
I called that number and its busy.. it never rings.. this is so stressful.
And I put in complaints and and called numbers and nothing and its cash benefits form hra
the numbers i have on the letter i received no one is answering
the number you provided does that pertain to matrimony cases/
Ok would you need my docket number
I called there n they gave me another number
Please call me I number is 516 9842238
1 case number is 8 8m  -62264
If I call the family court can they look it up via my ss number?
is ok. I will call those numbers and see who can assist. thanks
I’ll also called a bunch of numbers from Justia + haven’t gotten any help
I can call office a victim services and get my registration number
Thank you, I have a docket number, arrest number etc. if this will help
Also, do I need to get the verified complaint form UD-2 signed once I have an index number?
How do you start to file a divorce case in nyc? Do I purchase an Index Number?
You can call me at this number 646 626 1229 my name is Miss Ratchford.
