It was a letter regarding Medicaid and now they say I need to pay them back or have a lawyer within a week
Im just waiting for my divorce to be finalized so i think just a lawyer
I want to get a divorce. I need to find a cheap lawyer in Schenectady
I’m very sorry just needed to know if I needed a particular lawyer
I found a lot of lawyers, but because the electric scooter has no insurance!  Many lawyers have rejected me for fear of not receiving money
it is ok. it is my stepson and daughter inlaw who needs  the lawyer for my 22 year grandaughter
Is there a tenant lawyer or any lawyer who I may be able to speak to?
I have a lawyer, I am currently unemployed, I can still use this form?
I just need legal advise. I don’t know if I should go with a lawyer.
Okay, you think I need to get a lawyer?
lawyers pick and choose which race cases to take
And when I say lawyer(s) I mean each time I go to court a different lawyer from there firm shows up.
I need a lawyer my lawyer just said she cant help me
Lawyers are supposed to be on your side  right and fight for you.?
Yes I am looking for a lawyer that handles illgal evictions:
so can i send the letter  to landlord's lawyer without a lawyer office?
albany county but i need a paid lawyer that will go to bat for me
And if I end up having to go to court how do I go about getting a lawyer ?
I do not get the answers I need from my lawyers. In fact I am filing a Grievance
I need help getting a missing person declared dead. Which kind of lawyer would I need
I NEED A LAWYER TO SUBPOENA MY NY LIFETIME DRIVING ABSTRACT
I just discharged the volunteer lawyer from safe center
I’m a filmmaker and need a lawyer to look at  an agreement
I need a lawyer who can take this situation and make it better.
Hi, I need a lawyer for housing. But I 'm disabled and don't have any money for a lawyer
i am in a serious problem and i need a lawyer to solve this , it is very critical
Forward my complaint to someone in the system who can get this lawyer looked into
Is easy to to apply myself, or would having a lawyer help?
My son needs a lawyer because he is supposed to graduate this year and the district is trying to push him out
Real estate and big lawyer film
I need a lawyer to deal with a case in prison
Question:  do I need to find a lawyer in NYS or MD?  I guess that is a start.
I have court but I don’t know what to do and I don’t have a lawyer
would the attorney from LIFT advice whether my case would require hiring a lawyer
i need a divorce lawyer preferably a woman
just need a copy not sure why a lawyer is needed
I am seeking a lawyer in regards to shoddy contractor work. Can you refer any lawyers .
also they said they going to assign my son a lawyer, will i hear from lawyer before next date
Looking a lawyer to help collect my monies from someone who owes me
I KNOW HOW TO DO THIS..BUT I WISH TO HAVE A LAWYER HELP ME..BECAUSE I MIGHT MAKE A MISTAKE...
I am looking for a lawyer to help me with a hippa violation
I still need a lawyer because I need to include the payment for the money he stole from my mom.
Need to seal a record that was in 2003. Can I hire a lawyer to do it ? And where do I find that lawyer?
Do you have any list of that kind of lawyer in the Yonkers area.  Or do i just look up family law lawyer?
somehow lawyers seems to help opposition than me
nys department give me the 917-661-4500 is the lawyer service?
I need a lawyer for myself to look over this parenting agreement.
I want  a letter from a lawyer to give to a company can a lawyer do that for me
need a lawyer to fight it... have two witness’s
lawyer my name is stacey elizabeth spendlove
Npatr Thanesnant acted as my lawyer when i sued as prose
I need happy tryin to get a lawyer
i need help for a lawyer who work in commercial litigation please
I need to find criminal defense lawyer
Hello! I need help finding a lawyer. I am being sued and I do not have the money to afford a lawyer.
do you have referral to lawyers that specialize on judgement procedures
Hi I need help finding a lawyer, I was laid off from my company with no package or anything. I can not afford a lawyer
where can i get probono lawyer to handle my case?
I need a lawyer to help fight an eviction in Bay County
I need a lawyer for my upcoming edds case dec 7th
I'm not sure what's in my mother's file but, if this lawyer retired, we need to get it back. The lawyer's name is Michael Angiulo.
I need my lawyer to present i need my phone
i have no money for a lawyer it’s it possible to apply without a lawyer
What ever I pay a lawyer will most likely equal the amount he owes me.
Eric should want to know if he should hire a lawyer?  What should I say?
Hi I need a lawyer for defamation of character
I need to find some one that will come.to court and be my lawyer ,
I need a lawyer!  But I do n’t have the money to hire a lawyer
Would he read Jermaine stuff being that he has a lawyer and not read mine
Yes if you have any lawyers that would handle those cases
Are you a lawyer that will help with a restraining order case
Need workman’s comp lawyer
DO I NEED TO HIRE A LAWYER EVEN MY SON IS THE ONE WANT TO STAY WITH ME?
I want to know how I can find a lawyer for criminal case
I don’t need information I need a lawyer who will work with me on payment
Thank you, could you forward some IMMIGRATION lawyers too ?
I need a lawyer to deliver a legal demand letter for me.
I need a divorce lawyer preferably a woman
Should I still create a written agreement? Do I need a lawyer to be able to do that?
no need for a lawyer just need to know how to file out of state
I do not understand why my lawyer put my divorce on Queen
I was at a live town hall with Senator Brad Hoylman and they suggested there are lawyers who can help negotiate and deal with this.
could the list of lawyer stay in this page even if our conversation is over?
i need full representation i was denied and they say I owe over 6000$ I have a new hearing coming up and want a lawyer
I need to ask a real estate lawyer about condominium rights, where can I find one?
I guess it also will help if I hired a lawyer
They act like if I go to a lawyer they’ll punish me
jUST want to know if lawyer will take a Surety Bond for services rendered
She also wants to hire a lawyer and have me reimburse her for the lawyer.
after couple week we fix the problem and she want to her lawyer to cancel the divorce papers
They asked me to fall out like something a lawyer should completely but I don’t want a lawyer how do that work
I need a family lawyer for a custody case
Okay do you know a lawyer that could help you fix your credit history
we received a letter from Unemployment and need a lawyer to be with my son during a hearing
I need a lawyer for my fair hearing om the 10th of ffeb
I need a lawyer to get a copy of my april 3 1982 imposter made claim
I need a lawyer fora medicaid clam and collection.
I didn't have a lawyer, the kids lawyer and ACS lawyer was able to speak with the judge and this is what I was told
I live in FLA but need a NYC lawyer to help me the case is in nyc
I need a lawyer to do legal separation for me and my spouse.
I need some lawyer who had a legal aid about my immigration services is this possible I find a lawyer in Hollywood Beach 11414
I’ve been fighting like a crazy woman and have gotten this far standing up alone against 3 lawyers.
i need a lawyer for landlord neglecting codes and because of neglect almost fatal accident
Hello i need a mental health lawyer for a case
he has a lawyer and she will need a lawyer sliding scale who can work a payment arrangement with her
I need to speak to a lawyer but do not know what kind of lawyer I need
I am looking for a labor lawyer with experience with the NYC DoE
I lost the connection. I need a health insurance claims denial lawyer
need help with a divorce, I started it already the price is getting expensive I'm not working now the lawyer I is expensive.
need a lawyer have a .08 dwi and other minor charges
I need to know the right practice area Lawyer to deal with my situation
Any lawyers want a case they may actually have to work on
Either lawyers don't handle this kind of case or I could file for small claims..but my local court is monetary only
create one... I have some samples but I think with a lawyer will be more effective ..
Hello.I may need a broboni lawyer.
I also need a lawyer for landlord tennant court
my cuestión it’s I have to have a lawyer before to go the court ??
shouldn't the courts subpoena a lawyer who drafted one if it is needed in probate?
I am looking for a lawyer who may help me on court day
the lawyer has been dragging this out and ha been relitigating that which has already been ruled on in the past.
IM GETTING  VERY UPSET  MY FAMILY LAWYER DIED AND SO DID SUNSHINES GRANDOARENTS.
i had a review retainer with a lawyer but i would rather not use him again
The lawyer needs to know his history to address the proper mandated treatment for him.
Ok. Now legally would I need a lawyer present or can I do this alone
Hi I am in need of a Realestate litigation lawyer
Ok so what do I need to do hire a lawyer? I don’t have the funds to do that
and don't have the funds for a lawyer but I do need advice as im british am I entitaled to a frre lawyer
I need a lawyer please am losing a lot of sleep over this
Would my lawyer be notified if I picked up records/
Do I need a personal injury lawyer or a housing lawyer
No I need a lawyer to approve my joint agreement
so I don't need a lawyer to fill these papers out?
My ex husband lawyer filed for the divorce
I’m looking for a lawyer to help me with my case
stay to the point, of the legal agreement and now letting my lawyers handle it
otherwisw I will get evicted  if iI have no representation from a lawyer
Looking for a lawyer to help negotiate with landlady
Yes they were working with a Lawyer but he cannot remember any of the lawyer's information
However I have not heard from my lawyer whether the papers were filed
I need a lawyer for an upcoming custody/child support case Next Thursday
I DNT THINK I NEED A LAWYER WITH PROOF OF GUARDIANSHIP,SCHOOL RECORDS ND TAX RETURNS
ok in this line do lawyers advise me on my specific case?
i need to find an appeal lawyer for my fiance
he is looking for a lawyer to help him with his life insurance benefits and changing the beneficiaries but he is insisting on a lawyer
Ok. Do you know of any lawyer's in my area to help me with this matter?
his lawyer try to blame me he has lawyer I don’t have one
also while filing for this when would I need a lawyer
I am having trouble finding a lawyer that is in my area that is trustworthy, and knowledgeable in this topic
I need a lawyer who will work for little to nothing. Do they exist?
I need a lawyer that specializes in NYCHA cases
So Dr. refused to provide. We want to hire a lawyer.
I need to attain a lawyer for purpose of divorce
I can't get a hold of the assigned council or the lawyer I was assigned... What do I do
I need a lawyer. But I can’t pay to much for it . I want ( divorce )
In May I can sell more stuff to get $$ fir lawyer
also do you know where I can get a lawyer? even if I have to pay?
I need to get a lawyer immediately to  know my rights and to prepare for court.
Im still withim the legal limits for going to court about it, which kind of lawyer would it be?
Also, if I do need to go to court. Do I need a lawyer?
R u a real estate lawyer?
I’ve been convicted of criminal mischief and I need a lawyer but don’t know how to acquire one. Can you help?
I need a lawyer for divorce, my husband already have a lawyer and sent a letter to me
I want a lawyer to write a letter to a company that has my money can a lawyer do that for me
What? All I need is the DIY form. I don't need a lawyer.
I need a real estate lawyer concerning my parents homestead
neither of those are remotely close to Watertown, NY, which is where I need the lawyer to be.
I am considering for bankruptcy, as well. I do no mind paying for a lawyer. Where can I get a referral for a bunkruptcy lawyer
i need an honest immigration lawyer , problem is that at present i am staying in my country
I need spousal support and can not afford a lawyer.  Can you tell me how I can go about getting this without a lawyer?
like is the grandfather allowed is the lawyer allowed or is it just me and the father
I would love a referral for a lawyer, thank you!
if I was in third world country I would have found a lawyer by now
Can you be more specific on a Brooklyn lawyer in zip codea
I am looking for a referral for lawyer that specializes in commercial landlord/tenant disputs
I’m looking for a lawyer I’m being sued
Since we are all in agreement do we need to hire lawyers?
I need a hard working lawyer for my drug case
Hi Katie, I may have to file bankruptcy for my small business of 7 years and in need of a lawyer?
I need to find a lawyer to take my case on contingency
Are there any civil rights lawyer in NYC. That area has very good lawyers
That’s why I need a real state lawyer
And scheduled for a hearing oct 28th, and it is advised she have a lawyer
I want an lawyer to help file my of status form
Just so you know I’m unable to pay for a lawyer...
I received a family offense petition in the mail i need a lawyer
I need a lawyer but I dont have money to pay lawyer is some one can help me
