I am trying to find out information about how i would go about having either joint custody of my daughter or getting visitation rights
and he is not following the current joint custody order.
Me and her have joint legal custody with physical placement at her home
If someone is looking for visitation pay child support and have joint custody how do they proceed
yea child custody to do joint custody
The father of my kids is taking me to court to get joint custody.
I am still married, divorce pending, and would like to file for joint custody.
i have joint custody and will like to notify court and get permission to move out of state
i will like to file for joint chlid custody
When filing for joint custody is it mandatory for other parent/guardian to know my living address
Child custody but we have joint custody.  The other parent is violating the order
Also should i remove my name from our joint bank account? we do not have much in their.
My mother and my ex-husband now share joint custody of my daughter and I need to file for visitation rights
i stay with them i pickthem up i doeverything for them i would like joint custody
i pay child support i would like to have joint custody
I'm looking to have joint custody papers sent to me
And can you clarify what it means to have joint legal custody but one parent has "permanent placement"
i am unsure if we should file jointly or if i should files separately  but married
What steps are taken when you want to file joint custody?
I’m trying to file for joint custody forms
I am looking to file for joint custody of my daughter but I cannot find the correct form on the website
We have joint custody.  But he is the residential custodian and doing a poor job
I would like to file for joint custody for my son
do i leave it as joint legal custody and just say i want to relocate and the reason?
I would like to file for joint custody for my children
My Son wants to file a joint custody petition
One last thing, what about a petition to have joint legal custody?
i just need to know how to file for joint custody
I need information on how to get joint custody of my children along with put myself on Child support.
Hi so I’m trying to file for joint custody with my sons father. How do I go about that
I know the percentages but is there a ratio if both parents have 50/50 joint custody and a 50/50 visitation schedule?
im having an issue with visitation of joint custody and not  sure if i should go to court in person myself.
I live in mount Vernon ny I would like to file for joint custody of my 2 children where can I go do tht?
I do, I have joint custody with my baby father. He’s been keeping my  kids away from me for three months
Hello I have a case where my husband and I have joint custody of two girls that are family members kids
Im looking for joint/ 5050 custody
There is a joint custody case but the order doesn't state anything about relocation and I am thinking of leaving the country
I wanted to know if there’s a way to take my daughters mother to court for joint custody
I called the court to get a copy of joint custody
I have joint legal custody of our two children and primary physical custody primarily for school and residency purposes. Am I entitled to child support
Hi I am inquiring because my child father wants to file for Joint physical custody
is it possible that to other party can file for joint custody years later with the party not were never married
Fathers are requesting and fighting for joint custody nowadays and getting it.
I am the legal guardian with joint custady of my grandaughter.
We are happy with how the attorney represented the case...but the exchange of info after the award of joint custody has been abhorrent.
Hi.. I’m trying to get joint custody over my son
How do you file a petition for joint custody on this website?
There is currently no custody agreement and the parents were not married. Looking to obtain custody or joint custody
what forms are needed to start a petition for joint custody for unmarried parents?
I am still married, divorce pending,  and would like to file for joint custody.
Am seeking help getting joint custody of my daughter
I am searching for Joint Custody forms for my nephew.
I am assisting someone who has joint custody of their child and would like to apply for a modification due to a visitation disagreement
Find information lost papers from court stating I have joint custody
im trying to file for joint custody and visitation
We have joint legal and physical custody, but he lives with her most of the time
Looking on how find or file for old custody rites documents stating I have joint custody
Me and my kids father want joint custody can we go in today to do that?
Can joint custody be arranged even if we are living in the same house
Unfortunately no.  She was  never served so I dont know the specifics.  Her kids believe he was filing for joint custody.
The money part should be stopped and I want joint custody with t h my son.
I would like to file for joint custody
I would like help filing a joint custody petition
I hvae an existing decree.  I have 50/50 joint legal and physical custody
I have joint custody of my child and i have primary residency of the child how far from the other parent can i legally move
I am trying to file for joint custody but I live in a different state then my Child  mother.
I want to file for joint custody of my child
I'm trying to file for joint custody and just discovered the courts are closed. How can I do so online?
How long is a joint custody mediation form good for?
does not that apply where people are married to file for joint custody
Yes we share joint custody but I have residencey of the child and my daughter only has weekend visiting and she is refusing to return
Yes, persons who retain custody are not abiding by visitation order would there be any implications to support, joint custody proceedings
I would like to file for joint custody and I don't already have an order
The court order is for custody  and I have place mate and joint custody
I have joint custody with me having primary residency of the child how far from the other parent can i legally move
My daughters father and I have joint custody but he hasn’t honored his end since it was made
My aunt virjean George has joint legal custody with me having physical sole custody of my children out of Schenectady NY family court
It’s not really. Becuase I was trying to file joint custody and it’s not letting me online
Me and my son’s mom have joint custody but he lives with her. Don’t she have to make decisions including me?
what form do i need to fill out to request joint custody and visitations
I AM TRYING TO FILE A JOINT CUSTODY POSITION
In NY state do both parents have to agree who picks their children up for school if they have joint custody
Hi I'm am trying to go about filling for joint custody for my son
So  she can have physical custody. My partner has joint( reasonable custody was supposed to be agreed on at time of divorce) but it wasnt
I have joint custody with the mother of my son. She has final decision. She has been in the hospital for 1 week.
Me and the mother are having an impasse with her granting me joint legal and physical custody.
Been to court, have joint custody but she refuses to release the child
I have questions about filing for joint custody or drafting paper for joint custody or custodial versus non custodial right agreements.
i need help filing for joint custody
I don't have a court case I only have joint custody
I would like to go for joint residential custody for my son
Hi I will be going through divorce and I would like to know if I can still get custody or joint custody thanks
court I’m trying to do a emergency modification for joint custody
Hi, I’m just trying to find the form for joint custody.
I meant joint legal and physical custody.
The week prior to that, I had filed for joint custody. If we already have joint custody, will we get a new hearing?
My ex husband and I have joint custody of our 2 daughters.
I would just like to file joint custody papers to make out situation legal so theres no issues with taxes and things of that nature
What are reasons for not awarding joint legal custody? If the other parent won’t communicate?
Do I have a chance at getting joint legal and physical custody under the current circumstances?
With 50 -50 joint legal and physical custody
can you help me find the DIY form for joint custody of my child
I have joint custody with my sons mother through Bronx Family Court.
hi how can i file for joint custody of my children
Not married. He want joint custody the child lives with him
and also because I am currently going to court because my daughters father wants joint custody
How can I go by to file for joint custody Being that Covid is a problem?
We have joint custody of my son, his father is his residential parent.
I have a joint custody order and I’m not being allowed to speak to my daughter
I want information regarding how joint custody works.
Hi! When my wife and I divorced, we never had a hearing about custody. Does that mean we have joint legal and physical custody?
So my husband and I have joint custody and joint physical placement...can I still take him for child support even though we have 50/50
I want to put in a petition for joint custody of my child
Hello, I am looking to file for joint custody of my child, is there a DIY form?
I have a question about joint tax returns and child support court
Its joint custody but I never see him. She doesn't allow it.
I have joint. Legal custody but I want it more detail
I need help filling for joint custody
I am trying to file for modification of my court order from joint physical to total custody because the child lives with me
I live in mount Vernon ny I would like to file for joint custody of my 2 kids where di I go to file
How can I copy’s of my joint custody case
Good afternoon I am trying to get information about getting full custody of my daughter right now I have joint custody
I want to file for joint physical custody
I'm looking to filing joint custody what are the forms
My older children who I share joint custody has made some false claims on my husband
