Sorry -- where did you find this info? Just so I can direct my client there
Good morning. Are you accepting new clients? I would like to refer a Spanish speaker client for immigration consultation
Well I just wanted to confirm that if we refer client's your way, they'll be serviced
no problem, take your time!  I'm literally just working on this until teh client meeting, wanted ot make sure the first one went smoothly
I am a therapist and I am working with a client who has a mental health diagnosis and a disability.
and on the client notes should they be visible to her or hidden? there are two fields
but this information is to be passed on to my clients who is requesting this added support.
okay if we refer a client to you, it would now have to go through a higher authority?
What they did say is any store credit issued before July 22, 2020 is not going to be given to the client
okay, that my question. is there any extra steps client are having to take?
are there any new processes clients would have to go through?
I am seeking information to assist a client of mine
last question do clients need to make an appointment to come in for services?
No my client needs one in order to qualify for public assitance services.
My client is saying that the NY legal agency is claiming they can pursue legal action in Vienna, do you know if that is possible?
I  have a client who has reported to me that someone is using her SSN. She needs a manhattan based pro-bono lawyer
Hello, I have a client who is incarcerated and wants to find an injury attorney pro-bono
Hello, I have a question regarding a client I'm working with
My client is incarcerated and wouldn't be able to pay any amount really
My mother was his client for about 10 years (maybe more).
Good day. I am currently residing in a 2nd floor apt. That hasn't been paid for by citypheps, which I am a client of.
I am a DV advocate and have a client seeking a divorce
My client -- who wishes to file the notice -- is in prison also, if that changes things.
a letter from USCIS was sent to client and she wants advice on how to proceed.
I am a social worker, attemting to assist a client.
I’ve referred them back to there client and they apologize stating that in fact I don’t owe any debt
someone who is bilingual in english and spanish. I have a client who needs help with replacing a resident card
I don't think there's an option within this list available for my client's issue.
for the clinic, our client missed 4 meetings despite connecting with us over the phone in between the meetings haha
Hello my name is Michelle I am a care manager and I have a question for a client
I am a paralegal, writing on the behalf of an incarcerated client of my office (who can send letters but only make calls occassioanlly).
he works for clients, they pay him.  He's construction worker
I can handle the advice and guidance but I'm unable to directly represent certain clients
Hi I am a case manager with a client who needs assistance
I tried my sisters place too but they only take clients from Yonkers not Bronx, NY
I need more information on the issue of misleading a client
and if my client is on SNAP i assume he should bring proof of that to help with his modification
I cannot do this, since I am already representing the parent, client
are clients able to chat with you in different languages? or is english the only option
thanks, im at work assisting a client one moment
I'm reaching out to lift online regarding an OP question for my client.
Ok. Please find one that I can use being that I am a public assistance client/ recipient.
Got disconnected from the client but had some questions, in case we can reconnect:
Can I use a recording of my conversation with the client or record my clients without there knowledge while I worked ?
Also would i be able to get a lawyer from this site that defend clients in dhs
The meeting was scheduled for 2pm and the client has still not joined.
I can just type into the Notes to Client field, if that works.
I'm an attorney and my client is having some difficulties with this issue but I don't practice housing law
Nobody is taking clients, I've tried that for a long time.
the client lives in st. albans queens
I'm currently a client at Queens community house eviction prevention unit
oh okay thank I will notified the client do the call 212-343-1122
Yes only those organizations which can represent clients in court
Can't see or hear my client.  Will try via cell phone if needed.
Hi, my 2pm client is not yet online.
Do you know of any attorneys I could refer my client to?
Ok if i send them to her at the end in my notes to client?
we were told to call a number that rings for hours unanswered, and the email "info@assigned.com" replies as an inactive client
Hi, I started talking with my client, then lost the connection.
I  have a client who reported to me that she has SS fraud. Do you know of any pro-bono lawyers/organizations that she could contact?
