Thank you so much we are the good people like you thank you
Just sad for him. Updating the notes now. Have a good day!
nope im good to go have a good day thanks
Ok that's a good start thanks for your help
No Im good I guess. Thanks again. You can email to me at alybekahmom@gmail.com
Ok. Thanks anyway. Have a good day
thats good to know ! Thank you very much
Thank you so much, and yes that is good. Thank you.
K I’m good I’ll tap it thanks
OK thank you very much have a good week!!!
Thank you again, if any more help is needed I will contact you. Have a good day thanks again
Thank you, this helps A lot. Have a good day.
Ok thank you for your help. Have a good day.
Very Good, Thank you for your help. Have a good day!
I actually just found that and printed it out. it is have a good day
No that is all. Thank you for your help. I will reach out to them. Have a good day.
Ok that's good.  Thanks for your help
awh- sorry then. Have a good day ma'am!
Ok, well that’s good. Thank you!
No . I think I'm good. Thank you for your help
I think I'm good for now. Appreciate your help. Have a good day
good day hope ur well
ok I will  tell her, I am saving this website. Thank you I hope you have a good day!
Yes it close enough thank you for your help. Good day!
OK thank you very much and have a good day OK thank you very much and have a good day
Hello! Thank you so much. I really need a very good answers.
Ok thank you for your assistance. It was really helpful. Have a good day.
Sorry i get the same action out of all the ny agency ive contacted thanks for your time have s good day
Thank you so much for the links and the kind words! Have a good day and thank you for your time
Thank you for sharing this information with me,  it is at least a step to finding the correct answer.  Have a good day.
Good day, how do I find out if my estranged husband filed for divorce
thats it thank u very much...have a good day
wow thanks nicole ur cool. hope u have a good day tho.
Ok not at the moment thank you for your assistance with this matter. Have a good day
ok, thank you....have a good day...
How good do you think i would have in cort with thia
Thank you so  very much you have just made this a very good day for me Thank you thank you thank you
That’s good to know, thank you for your help!
Cool thanks. I'll try these numbers. Have a good day
ok thank you have a good day your fiend maddog
ook Ashley, thanks again. have a good day!
Thank you..you are very kind good luck in your future endeavors
Thank you. Have a good safe day. Mary Beth
Ok sounds good.  Thanks again for your help
That would be all for today, thank your for your service and have a good rest of the day
Okay. Thank you for your assistance.  Have a good day
I'm coming back in a couple of days for good,
O.K. Thanks. I will contact a legal service. Thanks again. Have a Good Day.
That may be a good idea.  That would help, thank you
That was my only question. Appreciate you help. Have a good day!
ok thank you very much. You have a good day.
Ok, thanks for the assistance, have a good day
Many thanks, your time and effort is very much appreciated. Have a good day
Thank you no I appreciate the assistance have a good day
I wish all good people have good luck for this new year
Ok that's good to know! Thanks!
Ok thank u so much have a good day
Ok, thanks for your time, have a good day
I’m with my baby father is doin good
Ok thanks very much have a good day take care bye.
Ok. Thank you for your help. Have a good day.
Thank you! You are much appreciated good day!
Not that I know of at this time. Thank you so much for your help and compassion regarding my legal matter. Have a good day!
thanks for the help, and have a good week. l
Perfect, thank you have a good weekend and stay healthy
Thank you sorry probably not eligible cus nys have good day too
Thank you I will do so if I have any problems. Which I don't want to become a nuisance. Good day to you
Thank you for that.  You're awesome. Thanks for all the help. Have a good day.
I know they are not good but I will, if needed. and thanks so much
Thank you so much for your time Paisley.....stay safe and I will look into the info you gave me....have a good day.
I will check into it thank you so much have a good day
That's good enough. Thank so much
No thank you very much. This was extremely helpful. I appreciate your time. Have a good day
Yes I have a question in to them. Thank you for your help, I appreciate it, have a good day.
Ok will do I'll go to the website thank you very much have a bless and good day..
This was helpful. I think I'm good. Thank you.
I am all set thank you. I thought I signed off. have a good day.
I am good. Thank you so much. Looks like good information. I will look into it. Take care. I appreciate you assistance.
Good bye, Thank you once again. You really helped me.
Thank you, have a good and safe day from Covid-19
Ok thank you so much and wish me good luck
I’m good for now but I may use this resource again in future ... thank you again !
okay, thank you so much. have a good day
thank you so much..have a good day...be safe
no thank you. You've been very helpful. Have a good day
Awesome!  Thanks you so much Shelby   Have a good day!
thank you very much, we will work on these for now. Thanks again, have a good day
No that's a good place to start! Thanks!
i can't of any right now. thanks and have a good day.
got it, thank you so much.  I'm good from here.  have a good one.  ciao
Ok thank you I'm not good with the computer
Thanks for your assistance will check everything. Good evening
Thank you for the information. I hope that you have a good day
Have a good internet cnnection, and w/ in 2 days should have a phone.
Ok, that sounds good. I will look at all the options you suggested. Thank you for your help.
thanks again. I appreciate your help. Have a good day.
Hi good day how do I obtain divorce. Document
No, that's all, thank you and have a good rest of your day!
Ok thank you so much have a good day
Ok good thankyou, have a good day
Ok thank you  I appreciate  your help  with this  have a good  day
Thank you so very much for your help! Have a good day
