Thank you!  I couldn't find anything online so that would be a great help.
ok great thank you for your help and the resources you have provided today
Thanks very much for your assistance. Have a great evening.
Of course. It would be great to point me in the right direction
any help that you can give me I would greatly appreciate
ok that's great - thank you very much!
Thank you so much Kiana, I greatly appreciate your assistance.
I can just write the notes to you, in an email, and then you can forward them on -- that would be great.  Thanks much.
Great.  Thanks.  What about a release form?  DO yuo have access to one of those?
great. thank you. can you also help me locate a violation of the custody order form ? or process?
Thank you very, very much. This is a great start. I genuinely appreciate it. Have a good, safe weekend.
Great, I was just copying the information. I will give it a try. Thank you.
ok, thank for your help and the link...you have a great day....closing out.
I don't know if there is a will or not.  We can't get into the apartment.  Any help would be great.  Thanks.
Ok great.  Your help is much appreciated.
Ok that sounds great thank you so much
Thank u so much I really got some great help
ok great thank u very much
I would greatly appreciate your guidance - thanks so much
Thank you for so many great referrals. This is very helpful.
Ok, great. I will read all the information and call them.
Great. Thanks for your help. I will send myself a transcript!
Thank you. You’re a wealth of great help and knowledge Mr. Juan
Great thank you so much for ur help. No computer just a smartphone
That's great. Thanks Luke. I appreciate your time
No that's okay.  Thank you for the help though I greatly appreciate you trying
ok great thanks so much for your help
Thanks have a great night and a great weekend as well.
thank you, pointing me in the right direction would be great
ok great thank you i will call them thank you for all your help
ok great, well the document has been uploaded
Ok great thank you. So i can just come here and ask for updates?
Great! Thank you so much for these links. This helps a lot.
That would be great. Also, is there a website that I could take a look at myself? Thanks.
Thank you. Have a great weekend as well and be safe.
Any help is better than none. Have a great evening.
ok. great. I can't thank you enough
You’ve e been great Lindsey. I appreciate your help
That's great, I highly appreciate your help.
That would be great and then could I get a transcript
I will, thanks so much for the assistance, have a great evening
Great, thank you so much. I appreciate the help.
If this is something that your office can help me with it would be greatly appreciated
Yes it is. Tha is so much. Have a great one!
No, these are great resources so far. Thank you so much.
OK, great. Thank you very much. I appreciate  your help.
great - thank you be well and happy holidays
yes I am in nyc. thank you that would be great
Thanks. So I email OSC to that email. Thanks, have a great weekend
thank you so much for all your great help Augusto
No, thank you sooo much!!! Have a great weekend
ok thanks very much have a great holiday
Very helpful. Thank you for all the information. It is greatly appreciated
Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thanks.
Thank u that would be such great help
ok great i will look at these services right now i appreciate it
Ok great I did that thanks again so much have a nice weekend
Ok.  Thank you. I will check my email. You've been of great help.
Ok thank you everything is greatly appreciated
Oh that looks great. Thank you for all these great resources.
Ok great!  thank you so much for this information!
Any assistance with this question would be greatly appreciated.
No you've been a great help by giving me a direction to go in
I have been trying to resolve this for a long time any any help would be greatly appreciated !
Oh, that's a great website. I will look through it. Thank you
Great.  TY so much.  What you are doping is important.
Have a great evening. Looking forward to the referrals.
Ok great, thank you very much for your help
That would also be greatly appreciated,  just in case
No thank you. That’s all I was trying to figure out. Have a great weekend!
Thank you so much for this information. I greatly appreciate it.
Great. Thank you for your help. Happy new year
Okay, thank you for all of your assistance Candace. I greatly appreciate it!! 😊😊
Ok... This is great!!!  We didn't know where to turn to for help... Thank you so very much!!!  :)
ok that is great information and its greatly appreciated
Yes that would be great thank you very much
Great I will try thanks again for your time 👍
Great, thanks so much for taking the time to gather this info for us.
ok great you been a big help I appreciate it
ok, great, thank you! and then if custody does get changed, how would I file to cancel child support?
You have been a great help thank you i will start taking  these steps.
That would be great thank you so much for your time.
Thanks dear . Have a great weekend when it comes
Thank you I greatly appreciate you responding back to my matter.
Great! Thank you so much for the information. I am good thanks !
Ok, I think this is a great place to start. Thank you, I think that's all.
No thank you very much Christina I appreciate it have a great evening
Ok great. Thank you so much, I appreciate it.
This is very useful information. Thank you so much. Have a great evening!
Ok, great. Thanks so much for your help.
Please thank you. I greatly appreciate whatever number or organization you could provide me with.
Great! Thank you so much!  This is super helpful!
Great , you have been so excellent and helpful I cannot thank you enough
Thank u so much have a great weekend
ok, thank you, its a great starting point for me
Great. Thank you so much for all you help and the information you have provided. We do appreciate it!
That would be great thanks, any info is a big help
Ok - thanks for your help Sydney.  Have a great weekend!
Great ! Do they usually help with matters of this nature?
Fantastic I’ll check them out too have a great evening and thanks 🙏
A foot in the right direction would be great. Thank you
Ok thank you for your help.  I greatly appreciate it. Since you gave me their number, I will call them
great , thank you so much and please try to enjoy your Thanksgiving
I haven’t done that yet, that’s a great idea too. Thank you
Awesome! Thank you so much for all your help. I greatly appreciate it.
great minds think alike Mike
Ok great. Thank you. I am going to try the first link.
Ok great ! Thank you so much ❤️
Thank you so much for your help. I know more than I did prior. Have a great evening!
Awesome. You have been a great help. Thank you so much!
That's great I'll appreciate it a lot
great , do you know how much time  cases like that usually need
Great, txs for your great help. I'll start the process online then and check back on the chat if I have any more questions. Txs!
Great! I will reach out to the Utica location! Thank you so much!!! You are great!
okay. thank you so much. greatly appreciated.
Sounds great! Thank you so much, I truly appreciate it!
Okay that is great. Thank you so much. Have a great night :)
Ok great.  This is helpful.  Thank you so much Colleen
thank you for that link i will def look into it.. you have been a great help
great - who shall iaddress the email to @lenoxhilletc.com
Ok great thank u so much
I understand anything you can help with would be greatly appreciated it.
Great.  I have to go back to work.  Thanks.
That’s all. Thank you. Be safe and have a great weekend
Thank you so much!  I just copied all the resources on to my file :)  You have been a great help!  Thanks a million!!
Thank you, I will reach out to both of your suggestions. I greatly appreciate the help!
Amazing.  Thank you so much for your help. Have a great evening and please be safe
Ok thank you any help would be greatly appreciated I never thought I would be going through this
That's great Fadi, thanks very much for your time.
Great!! I will call them right now. I appreciate your help
Great cuz I want to save this. Molly thank you so much
Opened it briefly. It's an introduction to child support. You've been a great help! Thank you!
ok great!!! that's what i figured. thank you.
great, thank you for all of the information.  how late is this helpline open, if i have more questions?
Ok thanks for your help have a great weekend
Ok great thank you for all the ifnoramtion today
Thank you so much for all your help it is greatly appreciated
That's great. I will make the call. Thank you so much for your help!
No that is great! Thank you Jarrod! Have a great night!
thank you very much for your help she is very greatful it has been hard getting the right answers...
ok. thank you so much! I will have copy sent to me and rate you great! ;)
This is perfect, that is exactly what I was looking for! I greatly appreciate all of your help!
I am looking for a no-fee lawyer to help, that would be great.
Oh great! thanks, and if you are actually able to help me with a few more things reguarding this I would greatly appreciate it.
Any assistance on this issue would be greatly appreciated.
That would be great. Any information would be great
Ok, great. Thanks so much. Hopefully I can get through to someone.
Thankhz You so much Ashley. Have a great rest of Your dey ((-;
Got it, thanks and have a great rest of your evening!
Great thanks so very much n Claro is?
Ok, great! Thank youf oryouhelp.
Great! OK, thank you, Shannon. A good weekend to you! (I will save the chat now.)
Ok sounds great. Thank you right now she cannot call so I could chat  with the agent.
Yes that would be great. Thank you so much
Thank you so much for all your help. I greatly appreciate it
Hi I just need to know if I have Great Grandparents right to see my Great Grandchildren
awesome thank you for your help :-) Have a great new year!!!
No, thanks again. Be well and be safe and thank you for the work you do!!! It’s greatly appreciated
Don't be sorry,   We greatly appreciate your response +  will try to get in touch w/  the places you listed    Thanks so much!
ok. Great! thanks. I am new to the agency
Thank you so very very much Charles, you really did provide us with a great deal of information and we will be using it.
thank you Rosa. you been great and i will fill out the survey accordingly.
Great thank you so very much for all the resources and help I appreciate it
YES.  That would be great, my email is:   Flyingahull2003@yahoo.com
Ok thank I would greatly appreciate you doing that.
Ok great, I appreciate your time and help!
great i was writing it down but missed some stuff this will help
any help or info you provide would be greatly appreciated.   THANKS.
