The mail in vare of is the mailing address,  correct?
but it doesnt have to be mandatory to take any taxes correct? paystubs will work as well correct?
Unless the debt is forgiven through court correct?
X is violating our parental or separation agreement what do I file our and file to correct this
Thank you. Can you tell me what is the correct form for a Stay?
correct, they said I failed the physical requirement for the job.
I hope I clicked the correct option.  It's a hearing, maybe not a court case
Did I understand correctly that by emailing link thru fits, I get entire convrrsation?
the stipulation said we will be evicted by Marshall on 4/24 - is that correct ?
It's a separate issue and would have to be a separate trial, meaning I can't do this within the child support trial, is that correct?
Correct it is a violation. What are violations ammended or punished?
i was told that the courthouse is not open to the public. I’m not sure if that information is correct
So to be clear , if they do not arrest him , he will not know about the order ? Correct
that looks correct for custody...does it have others that would help me out like spousal support...sorry could read all.
that goes for Child support as well correct?
going through mediation would be faster correct? instead of waiting for judge date
Correction: Bazelon Ctr in Washington D.C. for advice. Nothing in NY sites show-up for Warren County where he was arrested.
Thank you.. this number will tell me if my paper has arrived and is in process, correct?
is there a sample online how to fill this form up correctly?
hello I'm looking for the correct form of a court ordered violation (the mother refusing to let me have our son on my day)
My son is an inmate at Elmira Correctional Facility on Saturday he.had.his face cut requiring 34 stitches.
I was starting to , I wasn’t to sure if that was the correct way to do so
And the lawyer would have to stay outside correct
I need to speak to a lawyer who has correct knowledge
You have to direct it to the correct person withing the overall commission of correction
Hi, I am trying to find the forms or correct area to search in how to fight getting back a brokers fee I paid.
Oh and finally, how is it correct that I contact the DA's office to file penalty of perjury charges on individual/a who lied under oath?
not sure if this information is correct, this is a divorce, is that the correct information that you provided
And i'm using form GF-40? Correct
Is this the correct website where there a form to file then email to suffolkfamilycourt@nycourts. Gov
i didn't change it during my citizenship and now I am trying to correct that
I don’t have a printer but I can print it at court correct
lol no worries. So with that being said I would have to take a trip to NYC correct?
Ok, so since its not listed it's not required then correct?
I understand that courts are closed...however I am under the impression that work is still happening administratively correct?
I am trying to find the correct process (who, where, etc)  for filing a will when someone passes
Yes we rent a trailer and the wire that provides power from the pole into the house is not put in correctly
Eviction nrs statue steps for correct  eviction,  retaliation,
Thank you, I did file a modification petition asking for these new terms. I am just no sure if that was the correct action.
If you needed someone to look over a document to see if I filled it out correctly, could you do that?
so 20 days from the day the guy handed it to me correct?
Ok. So I will put the address down instead of check N/A. That seems to be the correct option
I need to get the correct mailing address for the CORC
when a collection company files a lawsuit -- in order for it to be dropped--they need to be the one to contact the court, correct?
Correct. But i will still have to do that having full custody?  And or the order not specifying i can not moove. ?
Just tell me the correct link to file it please
made it hard to work correctly and put a lot of stress on me especially because I was communicated with off the clock a lot.
I don’t think that is correct but I don’t know for sure and don’t know who can help me
the medical department at green haven correctional facility violate a court order after I got  my  injuries , that department waited pass the   to
The Copy Request Form sounds correct but I don't know what Book #, Page # and Instr # mean
The case is about the father of my 2 kids who os not paid the correct amount was designed by Judge
I did correction for defective papers when will I expect to get a final Judgment?
can you send me a link to the correct paperwork I would need to file.
Yes correct SIJS, Special Immigrant Juvenile Status matter
Sorry auto correct chooses eirds! ...they dots above
im just trying to file the correct paper work so i can get my kids
Just to let you know- the number for NY Center for Law and Justice isn't correct
I mean: "is it correct that I contact the DA's office"?
The part that says "Upon the petition of..." and below is then left blank, correct?
I'm having trouble finding the correct form to file a petition online to get my case started.
if I received the severance after 30days, I was able to collect Unemployment from the day I became unemployment, correct?
I am wondering if you could tell me how to file the correct paperwork for my current situation
So I would have to wait until the actual court date to do such correct? I cannot do anything before hand?
okay so i fill these papers out by hand then efile correct ?
is it possible to send a link to the correct form i need to fill out for visitation of my grandson
yes, just need a little help here in respect to a adult name correction hearing date I was waiting for.
so there is no separate information on filing fee, correct?
He was born in Michigan perhaps they can still help me or direct me to the correct service there.
Being biased towards a party is discrimination, correct?
My job has been terminated. I need to file a support modication. Where can i go to get help to fill out the gorm correctly?
I am trying to find the correct paperwork to file with the courts to have a hearing about a modification of sex offender risk level.
Ok The interactive page will lead me to the correct form? How do I go about sending it in either electronically or through postal mail
Ok great. I would need to mail it to the original court where the order was filed correct?
I was hoping to just check with a clinic that I did them correctly for the court and was filing the correct forms
I don't need free I just need a one off sense of whether my interpretation is correct
go back to the hospital and file a corrected form?
and if I do not do that, I am not entitled to any of the money my mother's been paid since I moved out, correct?
Where do I find the form? And this is if I have a divorce stipulation correct?
So it would have to be via adoption. The only way the state can take his rights. Am I understanding correctly?
I apologize the facility is called Bain Correctional Center
I don't need a lawyer or to go to court ..is that correct?
Yes, I wanted to make sure I fill out the correct forms and that I do them correctly
I'm sorry, would you help me choose the correct court
The correctional facilities that is ok ty so much
I got that where is the correct address to send the form
Do you know if this is the correct DIY link? http://nycourts.gov/courthelp//DIY/consumerDebt.shtml
So to be clarify I won’t be in trouble if I make my move correct?
I would prefer to contact them.  Is  518-483-8049 the correct number
I am looking for the correct form to use for a poor person application/order
and I want to verify that I've filled out the correct form
oh and this prompt is hard to use by the way majes many errors needing correction as typos , sorry
Correct.  I never asked for a dime except for their support.
If I bookmark this, I can revisit this and submit documents at different times, correct?
And where can I get help with this petition so that I can assure myself that I'm doing it correctly to save me time.
yes, that is correct.  The house is in a homeowner association.
If anyone looked at this case, they would know I am 100% correct. But there is no one to go to!
if he adopts the child support would end correct
Got it. Yes, sometimes a link could be spelled wrong, but it is stull correctly hyperlinked
Correction i.meant to say that number is for scu.services.as well?
and Do I understand correctly that this is only for Queens? What about Brooklyn residents?
and I would like to know if im correct here
I have the papers to evict but I am worried about not filling them out correctly.
since their is no docket number for the custody visitation, we would have to wait and then do a modification correct?
what I can do because is to much I still no working and that desocupen no was the correct
I downloaded  form 4 is that the correct form?
Its against him, therefore his family doesn't count? Correct.
Iam filing a UCCJEA-9 form online for modification of custody and visitation how do i send it to the correct court when iam finished.
https://doccs.ny.gov/pdf/DOCCS-CRD-Application_Instructions.pdf  this was the original link to  the correct PDF but for some reason its been removed
Correct. Information on divorce. And how the lawyers would be paid. Intervals, etc.
Correction he left without letting the courts know he is not going to continue with the visitation order
So that means there’s nothing I can do at this point, just have to wait for them to reopen, correct?
YES.My mother has put misleading information to make my case difficult and I need the courts to request that she corrects it.
i surmitted it to this email I don’t know if is correct NYFCSupport@nycourts.gov
I need information on a Covid19 issue, concerning my son in an Correctional Facility
The Bank told me a "quiet title" was started.  Not sure he was using correct verbiage.
An Order of Filiation would allow me to get one correct.
I don't think I can file for a hearing as that information is correct but I am at a loss as what to do next
Hi I filled out the form yesterday I notice I missed to put his dob how can I go back and correct it
even that wasn't signed in correct place and not notarized
Pls if u can help me with the correct documentation to file on line would be amazing
id rather use someone who is more competent and does it correctly
I not receiving correct amount for COVIC sanos
I understand. There is virtual court hearings in place correct?
I am having trouble figuring out the correct CSMS number (I have two different ones)
Hence, I need to file a petition with the court to correct the amount.
yes. my biggest concern is filing the correct forms
Yes that's correct, we're in Nassau County
They do not have the correct information and the took my hole stimulus. Check
Would number 1 be the correct form?
however the form clearly states I must use the correct address
If printed out txt messages are not excepted. How does that information get presented? In what is the correct or proper form?
I'm confused. An apt is residential correct. Not commercial right
