I’d prefer to go to court in the Bronx since it is closer to my crib.
Maybe a lawyer since a few organizations turned me down.
he says since building cannot get the subsidy for april may june...then me or family is now responsible for full rent 1,316
usually my payroll deducts my shild support, Since December I haven't been working. now the freeze my account. why?
Yes, we have an order of custody and visitation that has been in effect since 2013.
I still always picked him up regularly since then
How can I have a change order on my case since not working anymore
I`m alone since the shot down.....but I can't wait here and no one stop her or the land lord,,,,its a cold emotional pressure
My daughter lives with me ever since she was born the father is not active in her life and doesnt have a relationship with her
i havent been working since 2018 an my child support keeps going up an up
he has been with me since going on 2 years of age and was always under me
i have been with someone else since my child was born and that who my child see as the father
Do I have to physically go to court since covid is dominating society?
I was unemployed since Jan 16 2020
He had our son since March and is not returning him. I can’t call
since from 4pm into now bnut no one been answer
I continue to call in a claim each week but haven't received any money since September 20th.
I have child support but he hasn't paid it since 2016
I fear for my child's life as well as mine since he was able to do such and he doesn't care about any restraining order
Son is remanded since 8 /14/19 transferred to broome as of 8/23??/19  don't have bail complicated as to that . Yes any help appreciated
I haven't left the house since the virus
if I am not at the location he believes me to be at, can I technically be served since I won't reside there soon
later we decided to get divorced since he start dating with woman and right now he lives in US Connecticut State with his new girlfriendn
Yes. The other co-owner abandoned our coop for 2 years. Do I have Succession rights since I’m paying Maintenance by myself
Hi I have been waiting since May to collect my unemployment. They locked my account due to VPN confusion.
I have been staying in a hotel since May 15, 2020. What are my rights as in eviction?
I SPENT ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS TRYING TO GET IT SINCE 2014
The child's mother has had a new spouse since 2015 and I have a new spouse since 2019
Shes being told she has to have a case open since they are in a shelter
since courts are mostly doing virtual hearings
Can I be  arrested  Since I can’t get there I called
I’ve been out of work and unable to walk since the injury on the 7th
I'm trying to change the order because the child lives with me since February
Hi. I haven't recieved child support since August 2019
its impossible I owed that amount since I’ve been paying religiously the temporary amount order
Pretty much how can i get divorced and not have to have the other party sign since no clue where they are
Child support case. I filed a petition in January and have not received any correspondence since.
He pays $6.00 a week now since she's born in 2010
No, I just need my payments lowered since I no longer have income.
they've been closed for non-essential cases since march
And since I couldn't evict them, they just live for free while I have to pay tax, mortgage, utilities, etc
I am going through a divorce matter in LIvingston County, since January 2019
I also applied for a modification since its been 7 yrs since the order was out in place
So...my question is. Is it ok to file it here in NY since I am here for a month and planning to stay?
I did 18 month for it already and I'm been off of parole since 2017
sorry that doesn't include the aug 20 since it was written in march
I have been waiting for my unemployment since march 2020 and still haven't recived anything
I'm in jail how can I get legal representation to over turn this charge since the jury dismissed my case
i will like to file for divorce my husband has been locked up since 2017
My grandson has been living with me since Jan, shortly after his own hospital discharge.
it is has been 5 years since she has been living there. we are still in court
what can I legally do, since its a ADA and NYC Hygiene violation
ok so since my sons father income has change the order can be modified
since January that’s what I can see on E-track “Pre-RJI”
they only gave me 1 week and it hasn't been a full month since i was served here in NC!
He has been gone since 9/2019 til present
his father has NEVER been in his life economically , emotionally , personally i no way . my husband has been there for my son since day one
Thank you. It would be informative since I knew how to read court docket in what documents are to be filed.
It has been 9 months since stipulation order was signed
No. Because she is living with me since she born he abandone us when she was 8 months
But we have recieved no responses to phone calls etc , facebook since jan 30. And before that they wanted money
When we filed yes. I have been in FL since 2015 and he 2019
I have applied to a new student visa 3 times since August but always denied
but my daughter has been staying with my ex since march 6th
My daughter is 19 and my partner is her stepdad. He raised her since she was born
I have a question...am here since 2016 can I apply for Daca?
its all communication through our agency here howere no one has answerd since june
he’s been deported since 2010-2011 I really don’t remember the exact year
are courts finally open I have a pending custody and child support modification since March 2020
Also I never heard from my company since I filed.
Thank you! In this case I’m allowed at lease 90 day since I’ve lived there as of feb 8th 4 years.
I have the business under my name but shes been running it since it opened and getting 100percent of income
I left back in September and have been trying ever since to get it...I'm 27 I'll be 28 in June
i already contacted DHCR. They couldn’t help because my building hasn’t been registered since 1984🤦🏾‍♀️
The mother has not bonded with child in several weeks since birth
But that has since changed we split time 50/50
since NYC is reopening, I am sure my hearing will be very soon now then
I have proof I have not been with husband since n 13 years.they said does not matter
My daughter father is deceased since 1991 which she was getting his ss
his father has an order for visitations since 2016
Yes , the child has lived with me since birth he has not had any contact with his other parent since the date of last year
cause i only met her twice since i was 9
Okay. But how can she get this temporary order lifted since the daughter has relocated?
My fiancee has a daughter with his ex and ever since she been making my life hard
Reports in home since 10/30 2020
Has assigned council that has not been in contact since 3/??/20 was not
I have since removed reviews and have not called or emailed buisness
I don’t receive any information since 07/13/20
I'm just assuming yes since yhey have preK
yes, she has been in my care since Dec, 2018
Hi. The father of my child has not lived or supported with us since June
But since March of this year, I have been paying child care and the kids have been home
I been looking online for different information since months
I had a hearing on the 22nd April  its not been called and I have heard nothing since .  Its a child custody issue
I have question I’m not working since March 16
How do I go about it since the court has change do to covid
I have the visitation  order  for my daughters since March  when all this covid19  start  she didn't  let me take them with  me
but i cant call them since im in spain
I been trying to get him back ever since
she been in flordia since she wasa born on may 5,2020
Child support, Living expense for 3 years since the divorce, and 50% of the retirement fund.
Hi. I have a court order to modify  hold support since my son no longer resides with his mom and is 19. Please advise
but still get a modification due to the time since the original court order ?
Im not 65, i am only 53. And hv been on assistance since 2002
i do not have a lawyer, and am not working because of Covid, and have been pending with Unemployment since March 16th
or what information you can offer since you can’t answer much of anythjng
So I’m assuming it will be me since I’m acting on his behalf
i tried to do that online and it stopped me, since the first ruling was done in 2014
I’m not really informed probably since the DA doesn’t return my calls
Since the coronavirus started he took them and never brought them back to me. He has visitation rights
I have been out of my HUD apt since february prior to an inspection  in february.
They are penalizing me from PUA/LWA Saying I wasn’t eligible since I did not go to my workplace.
Especially since they came due to me panicking, I vomited and was extremely weak, my breasts are damaged and I have Lyme disease as well
well he prob would be happy since the child support would end
Since the 4th of this month that's what's showed in this system , I should've had access to my funds since the 8th of this month!
Since 2009 it comes out of his paycheck and it gets deposited onto a debit card the state provided me
I would like to modify my support, my business is closed since March 20 as per nys  I have no income
Thanks. I haven’t been in the office since mid march
but it has been almost 2 years since the yesyes
I was granted child support via my divorce but my ex husband has been giving dribs and drabs since January
I'm divorced since August 2019 as well
Been looking searching since wed...this a hand full
Also I think this online company originated in Delaware but I’m not sure since there is no address
Will it be difficult for me to file since he is in a different state
Need assistance with back child support since 1996 ? Is there a statue limitation law
modification of child support. so i get my tax return from 2018. havent had any income since then
2. Can I also make a complaint against him back since I know how evidence in which he actinides the situation
i am not quite sure where to place my information since there are no real lines or fields
The story sounds insane but its 100 true deading since march after inreported them to police and landlord
i was hoping to just find out if i have the right to ask for the receipts since i paid for these services
I havent heard from him since september 26 2017
My children are here with me in North Carolina since June 21st
Though he wanted to not go through the courts but since he started paying me he missed 3 weeks.
It said it must be an increase of at least 10% ( since my original filing in 2015).
Since she is unemployed and has been since 2012, sounds like there should be free legal assistance somewhere.
I'm earning 18.00 dollars per hour since 2018
I suffer from PTSD and suicidal thoughts since September 17 2019
I am currently unemployed and have been since march. I have held my rent due to repairs that have not been completed
I haven’t received a email since October
Early senior 62Cerebral Palsy since birth
She was in Regal Heights Rehabilitation and health  care center since February 2018
I left USA since 2018  with my 2 child
Hello I been having trouble since my mother pass need to get a lawyer house n pre foreclosure been trying since April no will
