Oh the deceased lives in Suffolk County NY
Yes, central Islip, Suffolk county
Nassau Suffolk Law services I think
I have no idea what this is about I live in Suffolk county. There was no information
are suffolk county courts open to file violation of court order in custody?
Suffolk County.  This is about money owed to child support.
are Suffolk county courts open to file a violation of court order in custody case ?
Could you find me a phone number for Suffolk County Landlord Tenant Court
Hello Jeremie I need to fill out a petition for guardianship in Suffolk county NY area
hello my name is Carol,  suffolk county NY
Case is in family court Suffolk County
Sixth district of patchogue (Suffolk county district court)
Send divorce stipulation to Suffolk County Child Support Unit?
also I live in Suffolk and I believe they are in queens
Thank you. I am in Holbrook, NY. Suffolk County.
Are there any other places on that list beside Nassau Suffolk law services?
are you able to tell me where I can obtain a copy of my support order in Suffolk county ?
That info doesn't help me the case is in suffolk county
I’m divorced in Suffolk county , but I want a open the case here
Yes I live in Suffolk County,New York.
Thank you. Also tickets in Suffolk county. Also non moving
so would you give me any info about free lawyer in suffolk county
I have they referred me to Nassau County and Suffolk County law firm which wouldn’t help me
Hi Celine I'm in Suffolk County I need help with my asylum
Ok thank you so I to file in Suffolk county?
I would like to know the specifics for the Suffolk County Family Court as I had originally requested above, please.
I’m located at Suffolk county New York zip code 11703 if that helps
I live in suffolk country and need a lawyer that can help me in foreclosure issue.
I live in Suffolk county, I'm moving to Nassau county in August
This is disgraceful there must be someone in charge in Suffolk County
I have residential custody in Nassau county. My ex husband lives in suffolk county
So I am at a family members house and it’s too far from Suffolk or Erie county for me
a judgment was filed with the suffolk county clerk for unpaid medical bills
im a resident of Suffolk but the case is in Queens
Can you refer me to someone around Suffolk county
I'm not sure if I hit the right link I'm in Westchester County but the case is in Suffolk County
who can I call in New York to help me I’m in Suffolk county
I live in Brooklyn my child lives in Suffolk county and I need a modification because circumstances have changed.
can you help me to find a family court case in Suffolk, please?
yes, 4th District Court Suffolk
I have residential custody in Nassau and my ex husband lives in Suffolk.
Where can I get a transcript request form for Suffolk family court
I am looking for resources to prevent/stop foreclosure for senior citizen in Suffolk County.
The daughter told me I would be arrested if I came near his house.  They said they know Suffolk County cops and a judge.
Yes legal issue is in Suffolk county. I want to request modification of my child support payments
I live in Nassau county, NY, the case was filed in Suffolk where I used to live.
Is it possible to find free help in Suffolk County NY?
Good Morning, I need the fax number for Suffolk County foreclosure settlement conference part
Hello, I’m looking to fill out an application for child support in Suffolk county, NY.
i would like to file for joint custody in suffolk county
Suffolk county...the issue is I live in MD
Great thank you. I’m located in Suffolk county
I am trying to find a form for a Suffolk county holdover proceeding. I think the form number is T-1410 and T-1411.
How would a non-custodial parent living in a foreign country go about filing a visitation petition for children living in Suffolk County?
Hi I need the address to where I can mail my petition for visitation in Suffolk county.
Nassau suffolk law services does not handle any matters like this.
my UI benefits were linked to a suffolk county address but im currently living in NYC
It is a holdover eviction, I found the form for Nassau county but I have not been able to find the suffolk county form
Im looking for the printable application to file 50/50 custody for Suffolk county family court. Can u assist
I live in Albany but the case is in Suffolk Co NY
I am just looking into where i can obtain a copy of a will in Suffolk County, NY for my deceased Mother
Trying to get my disabled son trafferedfrom Suffolk County group home in Ny my to SanDiego Calif where I am his legal guardian  his mother
I need to file for child support, i reside in Suffolk county NY
i fel like its hopeless i am in suffolk county so that dowes nothelp me :(
yes sure - I Live in Suffolk County NY
Suffolk County Family Court in Central Islip.  I will try this as an email address.  Thank you for your help!
I am in suffolk county will use isip, ok
5 counts of petit larceny in suffolk County. Theft of money from employer.
Ask the Nassau Suffolk kLaw Services
i live in queens, he lives in suffolk county, I lended $85000 to him, he does not want to pay me back
Miller Pace, NY (Suffolk County)
thank you very much-- Empire Justice is also in Suffolk, right?
Need a lawyer that deals with suffolk County in that specific field
I did. They told me to get in touch with Suffolk county court
I need an official copy of my deceased grandfather's birth certificate. Dept of vital records in Suffolk County said I need a court order first.
Just need the correct forms as I will be mailing them to Suffolk county.
Suffolk County he lives in Bay Shore NY.
Anything suffolk County the city is 1.5 hours from me
Okay so even though I was born in Queens I can submit the form in Suffolk county family court?
Suffolk County Family Court, Central Islip, New York
Oh ok so even if I live in Suffolk they can help me? As I see they are in nyc
oh no. I don't have any open case in there. I'm looking for information of addresses and stuff like that for Suffolk
Is suffolk county currently processing child custody cases?
If my case was in suffolk county, do I need to file an appeal there?
I'm trying to find a labor lawyer in Suffolk county, near Huntington or Melville area, could you please assist?
Could I submit that NY form at Suffolk county family court?
Broken tail pipe and broken headlights queens county and suffolk
do you know if family court in suffolk allows in person petitions right now?
I see it’s in Nassau does it matter that my case is in Suffolk
Yes and then we moved to Erie county but Suffolk county still holds the case
That’s just where I was born, I live in Suffolk county West Babylon
Suffolk, NY is where my case is but I’m in Polk County Florida
Would her first step be to travel to the Family Court with her paperwork to speak with a clerk?  The parties live in Suffolk County.
I have to go to Town of Islip in suffolk county idk if it's a court or a town
Thank you for your help and I will call the number in Suffolk county tomorrow
Ina phone conference a suffolk County hearing examiner said I need to file a MOAP. What is that?
Yes, child support through Suffolk County Supreme.
I need the address to mail my petition for visitation. Family court in Central Islip, Suffolk county ny
If we currently live in Suffolk County but I want to return to Queens County,  which County do I file
