I'm looking at her certificate. It does say his name on father's name. Do I still need to check if he signed acknowledgment of paternity?
can you please tell me how I can file a petition for paternity acknowledgement? I live in Brooklyn NY
I wanted to know how can I get a copy of acknowledgements of paternity
I would like to contest a paternity of a child
What would happen if I was not the biological father, and I showed that I acknowledged paternity under duress
So I would need an attorney to let me know if I need a paternity petition filed here in GA or in NY?
Hello I'm trying to file a vacate acknowledgement of paternity but can't find the form on the site
where do i go to get a copy of a signed acknowledgment of paternity?
I want to cancel my paternity court case how do I do that
I want to file order of filiation.... does that mean I’m required to file for a paternity case?
I signed a acknowledgement of paternity when my daughter was born. I want to put in a petition for visitation
How can I, who lives in GA, sign the acknowledgement of paternity if I am not in NY?
i am trying to file a paternity petition, I’m not sure what to do.
Would it be better to file DIY Paternity Petition Program for NY or should he go to his local office here in Georiga
Hi I have quite a mess at hand. But I'm writing to see what I should do paternity wise?
If someone gives a paternity dna sample in court,how long can that sample be legally used to show paternity
Im confused on the DIY paternity petition form who do I talk to for help clarafiying something.
Hello! Can you tell me how I can request a copy of an Acknowledgement of Paternity from NYC DOH?
I fil out the form for paternity on the law help website. Does those forms go to the courts automatically
I am legally separated but still married. When I had the baby they said he couldn’t sign the acknowledgement of paternity
what is Petition for Support After Acknowledgment of Paternity form?
I have a question if parents live together and father signed acknowledgments of paternity can a paternity test be done threw the court
I would like to file a paternity case for my baby daddy and I need to download the petition but I don't know where.
Otsego county say I have to establish paternity???
Is it possible to obtain and sign an acknowledgement  of Paternity form online? I’m currently out of the United States.
How long can court use a paternity Dan sample
What forms do I need to sign paternal rights away?
i saw this page but i cannot find the form i need to use to apply for a copy of my paternity acknowledgement
i need the form to fill out “ Acknowledgement of Paternity“
YES I WANTED TO KNOW IF YOU DOING PATERNITY COURT CASE RIGHT NOW
i am trying to get a copy of my paternity form
Hello, what forms do I need in order to file for paternity ?
Hi.  Can you please advise as how I can file a paternity petition in Queens family court
I need to obtain a blank voluntary acknowledgment of paternity form
he is with his possible father no paternity has ever been acknowledged
Hi I need to file acknowledgment of paternity forms
I need help in filing proof of paternity
What forms do I need to fill out to file a Paternity Petition?
That's why I ask if the two biological parents have to go to court to file the paternity case until my divorce comes out
Do i need the name and date of birth of the child to file a petition for paternity ?
Hey how can I get a copy of proof of paternity for my kids for court ?
Can I sign the “acknowledgment of paternity”
Also, if the paternity establishment is what he does does he need to file visitation petition separately?
no I didn't file.yet I mean the acknowledgement of paternity
for paternity petition ( individual ) and child support
Is it possible to get chikd support without a acknowledgement of paternity?
There is a "Paternity  Petition" form, but i need a DIY to "Vacate Acknowledgement of Paternity
I  just  want  to  know  how  to  get  and  file  a paternity  case an  order  of  filiation
i was trying to locate a sample form on paternity
Can you please tell me how I can file petition for paternity acknowledgement? I'm in Brooklyn.
I’m trying to establish paternity for my daughter
he lives in nc how do I file for a petition for paternity
I just have a question is it possible for a father to sign an acknowledgement of paternity in a different state from the mother?
if another person signed an acknowledgement for paternity
Not from a divorce, a contested paternity the dad has fled the country
ok, then I just click the paternity petition program under the tab that says 'start' ?
I need to establish paternity on a deceased person.
Is there a fee for filing a petition for paternity in Family Court?
HI CHARLES....i am looking for paternity form
hello, I am unmarried and recently gave birth using donor sperm from a cryobank   I woyod like to establish paternity for my spouse.
I just need to fill out and a paternity acknowledgement form but the mother reside in Paris France.
my dad already filled out the acknowledgement of paternity
No, there is also no acknowledgement of paternity but court is in the near future
Hello I want to file an paternity petition online how would I do that
After paternity is established we will information about child support.
I need help starting a paternity petition, what do i do?
I was gathering that he can file for paternity  but he'd have to serve me
Do you know the steps on how to file a paternity petition
I’m trying to obtain a acknowledgment of paternity form ?
I would like to know about Paternity Establishment.
Okay I have a pending case for  paternity. After its established I can file for child support
Hi I wanted to speak to someone regarding a paternity case I currently have or if you can refer me to someone regarding paternity cases
Can the man still use the DIY Paternity Petition Program?
I was filling out the form, it says the petition for paternity can be filed in the county of the mother, child , or myself
I am unmarried and have been ordered to take a paternity test. I am willing to acknowledge paternity. The mother did not show for court
How do I obtain a copy of an acknowledgment of paternity form
Good day! I need guidance on filing an order of filiation I believe, to establish paternity
I am an advocate for a mother who is trying to file a paternity petition
prenatal paternity was conducted on 5/18, the signed notary was on 5/21
what is the number form to file a paternity petition
I would have to file the paternity case? or he would?
It means he can’t file for the other two children because he didn’t sign the paternity?
How long does the Acknowledgment of Paternity process take?
Hi I was wondering where I can find the form to order a copy of acknowledgement of paternity
Plus how do I get the paternity court order
let's assume paternity is established. he will want to establish it
I want to know if an acknowledgment of paternity (AOP) ça be revoked. If so, what is the process?
Hi there my name is Cleveland Mendez. I am trying to get a copy of my paternity results
hello! I just wanted to know if I can mail the paternity petition ?
Good evening, I have a couple questions regarding paternity.
Oh okay, and at 16 he can file for establishing paternity?
when she does give birth and if my son is permitted to go to hospital should he sign the acknowledgement of paternity?
the paternity petition form online, says is "DIY Form 5-1" I dont want to declare no one the father.
Hello trying to find out if my petition for paternity has went through and do I have a court case
How can I optain a copy of a acknowledgment of paternity form
Hi, can someone file for paternity if the mother is married?
Can the paternal grandma file grandaughters custody
My sons father wants to sign for paternity, would I have to fill out just the paternity forms and he is willingly going to sign.
The petition was to acknowledge paternity, i have a court date but i want to withdraw the application
can you help me get to the right form to file paternity online
How do I move a paternity case to the county I reside in?
Hello can you please tell me how I can file a petition for paternity acknowledgement? I live in Brooklyn NY.
Is it just the Paternity Petition and the Personal Information Form?
I am trying to get a copy of my paternity results
Not married. Couple month relationship. Papers just had paternity established but how?
I had  interstate paternity established in 1992. Would there still be information regarding this in the courts now?
do I need to appear in person for acknowledgement of paternity in NY?
One more question who pays for the probe of paternity ?
How can a copy of paternity court records from back in the early 80s
I am looking for the form to vacate acknowledgement of paternity
when i came back from school we both signed acknowledgement of paternity but we didnt include my daughter birth certificate so nothing was done
one is for paternity and second one is for custody
I was told to look for the paternity form 5-2 but can’t seem to find it
I wanted to know what form do I fill out for paternity or a contact number
ive filed for paternity and they’ve refused to do it.
The Father signed the acknowledgment of paternity at the hospital
I need a paternity form from.  my son already born who for some reasons was not recognized by his father
yeah im only doing the paternity not child support
one question for the contesting paternity there no petition
I’m looking for someone that can assist in a paternity petition
