yes. but im not looking for repair anymore. i only need time to move out
Hi, I need help. I have share custody so I es t to move to different state. But his father doesn’t want
They have moved around to NJ, then Brooklyn, then New Rochelle .
my famkly and I have been trying to move to a healthier location but this is one of the issues that seems to hinder it.
how to I move up the screen to write them down the names and tephone numbers
No it has nothing to do with safety.  He’s trying to move my children to Virginia against their will
I see. I just felt bad addressing my case with one lawyer and not moving forward with thier services.
and i will be homeless if i cant get this papper im trying to move into a new house
In order to settle my grandfathers estate, I need to become the administrator of his estate to move forward with legal matters.
Hello i want to know about visiting my child, and if the mother can move out to another state with out my concern
I’m trying to stop an eviction. What can I do to get more time to move
will move this Court at a term thereof to be held at the
i told her i cant move out at the last minute
I would rather not fill a restriction order and move to a shelter with my son
As a parent who has evidence that my ex spouse is moving to another state with my kids, do i have rights to stop them?
My roommate threatened violence and is refusing to move out on his own. Am I allowed to kick him out?
We have until October 1, to sign the letter or move
If we get a divorce would he have to move out or would I?
Ok could I ask for money for duress and being moved out her just to be left alone
Yes He’s stating abandonment since I moved out
I NEED AN ATTORNEY FOR A MOVING TO ANTHER STATE CASE
I currently have visitation rights, as well I'm on child support, but my children's mom is moving to another state, which is prohibited.
But she has stated shes moving out and is in contact with vera house
No, he was born in NY I moved to New Hampshire about a year ago and just moved back to NY 3 weeks ago
but I cannot move forward unless I select an answer
The custodial parent moved to  anther state.
and moved others state for found a job
I do not want to default knowing someone is trying to serve me.  I am moving in the next two weeks.
"has your landlord ever harrassed or threatened you if you refuse to movE"
I am moving out of state and would like to settle a custody or visitation agreement
Sorry just to be clear we would have to file a violation form to stop them from moving out of state
if my husband move from one address to the other should he notify me even if its in the same state.
he moved to GA to live with me july 2019
my son and his mother moved out of NY and I am trying to find the forms to file
I need help in evicting a roommate my girlfriend. She had assaulted me back in August, but she still hasn't moved on as of yet.
i also juts received a payment less than usual and I do not know why and if that is the payment moving forward
I want them back so I can move forward with my life
To have a case moved from one court to a closer court
I'm  dealing with an estate to try to move forward with my other kin or heir (brother) of the estate is
Just a question. Can you move out of state if you have custodial custody in NYC
I was never married to their father and i moved out since we have been separated.
Yes but she has plans to move my grandson out of onondaga county on the 1st of july
i would like to find a lawyer or legal help and counsel on how to move forward in a fillation of Parternity Petition
My landlord requires a 30 days advice from me in order to move out
I am just trying to find out what the laws are regarding moving out of state with my son and there is no custody agreement.
Can you move far different state get dss
Child is with me in PA. Father moved back to NY.
And my landlord yesterday told me that he wants me to move
My daughter would like to give me and my husband report custody  she resides with me what will we need to move forward
I need a case moved from erie to queens
but i'm looking to move to New Jersey
Yes. She moved in with an aunt in NY. That’s why she is there for now
They accepted the job and a offer on a house but they have no moved yet but plan to do so in the next month
What if it is that I want a divorce  in order to move on. To get married ie
my land lord is threatening to move a trailer into my back yard to live in, is this legal
Can i still move i kmow different countys are different with the rouls
child is above 18 and moved to another state.
I was wondering if I can evict a roommate that isn't on the least that I let move in with the landlord's permission
It was rent stabalized when I moved in at 1250.00 now in 2020 its 1975
I need help filing for custody of my daughter as her mother is trying to move her out of state
Let's say I don't go to court and the child's mother decides to move to another state can that happen ??
my sister has lived there on and off for 10+ years her ex was born and raised there but he also moved around a lot
it was set for april and moved to june because of the COVID
I'm moving out feb 15 I was told by section 8 I only had to give my land lord now half if feburary rent
What form do I fill out if I want to move out of NYS and ex has visitation rights (which will still be honored)
I don't think she really wants to move him but at this point that may her only choice
I only know she moved because of social media , she blocked me and my family
How do I get a child custody order.  Spouse wants to move out of state with child  and I do not
Do I need to get a legal separation before i move forward
Hi I am just trying to figure out exactly how and what I need to do in order to move to another state
after 5 year I moved they chargeed me $6000
Future expenses. A moving forward plan
So their lawyer are trying to move this case into E-filing
i had filed a writ when she moved to another state, but i believed it was denied.
I'm trying to think of a solid question... Oh! One is, can spouse take the house keys from me being that I moved out?
Landlady wants Senior Citizen to move out by 11/30/2020 making Senior become homeless
my landlord said I need to move out by the end of the month, but I don't have anywhere to go
I not longer live in state. I moved to Pennsylvania.  I dont want to efile. I need to have them mailed.
I dont want to spend money on a banrupycy that I can use to move
My husband is moving out and his plan is to take EVERYTHING!
Landlord said he would fix electrical & bug problems before I moved in and didn’t do it. I paid the electrician myself.
I had a child support case open when I decided to move here
He was sentenced at Metro Detention Center in Brooklyn Federal Court-they moved him to Indiana Fed Prison
so now I’m trying to see if wit the lawyer on my case I think she would move faster
Now there's a custody fight. Mother moved the PA and just came back.
Where can i find information about moving out of state before a legal  separation?
Has been  pressuring us to move. My roommate strongly believes that we have the right to stay  until at least  June 20 if not longer
and by the end of this month she is moving with to New Jersey to Her sister and sister husband that drink alchool
I also moved because i knew I could not afford it because he wants WAY more than its worth with nothing included.
I was recently awarded custody and would like to move forward with the parental rights
my landlord said i need  to move out by the end of the month, but i don't have anywhere to go
Great. Thank you. I still dont understand about the inheritance. Would it be different if I moved to another state like AZ.
the child is grown fished college and moved on im left with a ballance how can i fix this
Hi, I’m looking to put a petition in for a move. What form do I use?
He tokf me to move when I complained about the bed bugs. He bukkies me whenever I enforce my legal rights.
No, I only anticipate assault when she catches on im moving out
The buffalo office moved I can’t find the new location and have been on hold on and off like a million times
Basically, about 3 years ago  moved to New York and I didn't have much time to finalize things because it was a very quick move
If i pass thr back ground check i can move in it may the 1st
I'm moving out of state and I'm needing to figure out how I can get my son for the summers.
They could be, how do I move that information to my email, once I log off here, I'll lose this??
What web since do I go to fully them out at  moving out of state so get court say it's ok to move
In June 2020 my daughter left her mother's house in California and moved to my home in NY
so she is legally able to move with my son over that long distance?
I am moving back to my native country after the divorce case is filed.
Which I don't think I'm obliged to pay as my move out condition is not applicable to what's stated in the lease package
it’s been bad since we moved in, we have recordings and obviously would not have moved in if we knew this before
Another question what of i did t get my decision back and they are still tying to move me
If I moved from a different state can I get dss
as I might moved to brooklyn later as my rent is too high for me
What to do in a holdover case if you need more time to move?
Where can i go to get some help to have them move out legally
I just need Help for moving the have the other half of the Money
Right now he’s up to $3,500 arrears. He essentially made me homeless because he convinced my son to move out.
I believe the cavities started in one and they were moved to another that it continued in
I am the custodial parent i am moving out of state with the child do i still need a father consent?
He wants to move, but since his mother denies him the money, he cannot move. the mother tells him she has no money.
okay and say i move away and i still dont have full custody is that against the law
which i used to live in before moving to a different unit in my building
Hasa knew an promise to move me and never fb how ui
i had a child support case in the BX and moved to FL
No that's ok just can't afford to move and need some info so he can't make me move
You said we both have the same rights. Could I just move with her somewhere, at least temporarily before her mother tries to move?
Hi Hunter I am Helen, I have had to move due to constant harrassment by the same local resident for many years
YES.DEFINETLEY. Iwould like to know my rights and what i can do moving forward
my landlord says i need to move out by aug 1, and I don't have anywhere to go
Hi I am planning on moving and wanted to know the steps to take my daughter out of state
I am reaching out in regards to what I presume are repair issues. I would like to know how to move forward.
And if I move how will I come to court if I move to Atlanta
I’m currently homeless and had to move back with my parents here in Galveston Texas... which is a flood zone
I was supposed to move to but a week before he told nope ur not coming
In June 2020  left her mother's house in California and moved to my home in NY
I am 10 hours away from her so its not like she can just move home
Thank you so much Meghan you been so informative and I truly appreciate these leads I will intelligently exercise and move forward with this matter
As a full time custodial parent do I have the right to ask consent to move out of state?
Yes we just moved here August of this year from Texas, My husband is military Coast Guard
after that i moved here and also i went 5 times at ducehss  court
I have pictures from when I moved in and also a video of when I moved out
No Problem At All This Has Been So Difficult This Man Has obtained Her Address Moved With Blocks of her.
he said, "oh, you dont have to move" to which i replied, "well, that depends on who buys it"
Please I need the landlord packet asap moving in packet
There is ready no vacant apts available because ppl aren't moving due to the moratorium
I moved to MA. To change custody is it still NY or MA matter?
I did not or have not faced eviction. I signed a lease, moved in then moved out 10 days later
Thank you. And problem is he can't speak nor move half of his side
The place that I can move into won’t be ready until January 15th 2020
i filed modifacation in queens but wasnt done and since i moved here & i filled overhere
That's right, I haven't moved it, it's a bit complicated
I would like to move away from nyc due to coronavirus
no im just trying to get legal papers to move out at 17
I use to live in the Bronx and moved to Canada in 2012
I want to move but I have to file a petition to be able to move from the Bronx to another state
This is definitely no emergency.  The father is just requesting more time because he moved...
what else would I need to do moving forward
How can I get let court know I’m moving out of state
I am moving out of state which makes this harder on the 26thm ugg
My ex moved out of NY state and the judge keeps sending  back papers to revise
I don't want to go to court, I'm going to move to another house.
I’m living in an sro unit... my landlord wants to sell and is  requesting me to move  by  Christmas.. what should I do
I am in the Mist of moving and I need Help with half of the rent to move in I have the other half.
She's already moving she only came back because my mom called in a neglect charge after she left him for months
Also question we did move from the time this occurred  we now live in Delaware  we just retired down there
Right he moved this past weekend to NC.
Since we moved we have had no hot water . Before we moved in we told him what needed to be fixed her never did .
my wife + I have a legal separation for more than 5years, we have been in mediation since Jan 2019 and she refuses to move forward
Since 1996 - 2016  CPS has been violating my parental rights falsely accusations I'm ready to move out of the country
I would like fully court papers that I can move out of state
I have since moved to another state and need proof of divorce
my question is can i move form ny state to pennsylvannia?
Would it be difficult to legally have children and move out of state.
I don’t want them having no legal rights we supposed to be moving to North Carolina next month
that is the exact circumstance. she moved back in with me and will be 18 in two months
i just need help locating what form to fill out to move forward with someone signing over parental rights
Can I move out of state if there's no custody order
My daughter is 19 and works full time, I want her to move out and she refuses
I'm Moving To Another State And Was Told I Need To Fill Out A Petition To Relocate..
i would like to move forward with a case in court.
Reason is because the mother wants to move out of the state
Thank you..the end of the month my son moves back home and she is moving into the apartment upstairs with another male
I need to download a copy of moving packet for help to move in sec deposit Albany NY
I'm still married of 18 years he left oct 2019 and moved tp Pa with his girlfriend
But he was to move out but he's scared she might get in trouble now that he want to move out
