Not today. I would have to get Art to agree before I can answer
originally we agreed to work out as co parents but he has not helped in anyway
No it says rental amount and that I agreed to it and its 700 less than what I have been paying
Yes , It’s just from the landlord and he’s asking for more money than we agreed upon
He know he is wrong so  yes, he will agree to divorce. There is no feelings and the marriage is not going further.
Can I file a visitation enforcement even if I am in contempt of the agreement but do not agree with what has happened?
I need a letter from her that's says she is agreeing to payment@ and a year lease
Okay so basically now because he’s not agreeing I have to ask the court for permission to relocate
He  told me they will move if im not agree he will drop my kids to me without paperwork, he treatened me
we don’t want legal fees for lawyers we agree on everything
the person I spoke with agreed that waiting for the criminal order may be best because I am not sure how he'll retaliate
we agreed on the amount and the dates I receive the money
My ex has paid monthly ins as agreed for our kids since 2017
Ok so if they agree than I should be able to get the suspension lifted
Only one we agreed on that is in the divorce packet but the judge hasn't signed it yet.
if both parties agree to waive child support can the judge say no and make the father pay?
Yes I’m living with my boyfriend, and they also don’t agree with me being with him
It’s just from the landlord and he’s asking for more money than we agreed upon
it says the things we agreed on and a paper from the judge saying that it needs to be put in place
she threatens to put me in a home everyday and they agree
She would like to live with them in Greene County, which is also her birthplace. How can I go about this? All parties agree.
I think I found my childs biological father and he has agreed to the test
my mother and her husband agrees to file a divorce
Paperwork was done and already paid for by me. He had agreed to sign before  but has changed his mind
We really do not have a contract because he never agreed to the tenants terms, but she has been here for almost two yeas
and when I say as they please, I mean when both parents communicate beforehand and agree upon it
Because she was agree in court to move March 1.
It would be an agreed average amount  of add on expenses. That could be paid monthly along with the child support
On work at home online business for someone else who refuse to pay wages as agreed
the mother have agreed to give me all legal righ
What happens in a paternity hearing when both parties attend and both agree the respondent isn’t the father
He agreed to pay with help from the housing program but he hasn't paid at all
what would have happened if my husband didn't agree?
Yes but the landlord keeps talking to me about what he won't agree to when I have already signed the paper
I already filed my petition and we saw a mediator and then the referee, we could not agree so it needs to go to trial.
I want to file child custody and my mom's baby agreed to go to mediator.
I only agreed to pay for May rent..I was asked to pay for May and June only
He lives with us and 100% agrees with our view of the truth
If he agrees to sign over all rights and that is what I want as well, is that possible?
His mother has health issues and he doesn’t have a father. My daughter agrees with this
for mediation, do both parents have to agree to do it or can i just make an appointment?
We both agreed with the divorce and we don’t have children or properties.
yes she broke agreed in court order
I willingly give 400 a month an amount we both agreed upon
what if they were agreed on via text and conversations with all three parties
It just says for me to be able to take him anywhere even to my home it has to be agreed upon
before we broke up he agreed he would pay me back but he hasn’t paid me a penny
And also for the most part my suppose don’t agree with the divorce
Yes before I agreed because it was just a lot to deal with but now I don’t want her to
he truly did not understand he was agreeing to $300 a month for the next 3 years.
I’m confused what “father gets free and liberal visitation as long as both parties agree” with mother having placement of child.
because you agreed out of court I am giving her the amount she ask me
He doesn’t agree with the divorce would I still be able to get my divorce if I contact a lawyer
Once it was proven that Im the father and I agreed to child support, this is what happened
If my ex agreed to me moving out of state with our son through text message. What court documents do I need to file?
I want to file the divorce papers and she agrees to sign.
Yes. "The custodial parent agrees to remove the lien" applies to the situation.
Would the uncontestant still work. Because we agree on everything
I agree it shouldn't be a surprise but should the executor be legally advised before he is chosen?
I can’t afford an attorney and he agreed sign the forms
Thats not my business who agrees to that or not i dont speak to them!
But I don't agree with that because I need my car to travel to work
right now in our agreement, he has to agree to all decision making. He always says he never agreed, so he doesn't have to pay.
I'm divorced and in the divorce agreement my ex agreed to pay me 65k to buy off the house we both owned
When I submit for reimbursements he says he never agreed to that
His ex is claiming he owes aditional monies he does not agree with
There are no children in the marriage, all other assets have been agreed upon.
I disagree they moved to seattle, but he said if i dont agree he will drop my kids to me without court agreement
wait say someone adopted my child the father would have to agree?
I need to file a petition to terminate child support. both parties agreed to this
yes i agree i just need information not looking for representation
And the biological father, my husband and I have agreed to change it
yes.  He has agreed to it.  I spoke to hime yesterday
I think I'm being discriminated against and his attorney is forceing actions that I am not agreeing to.
Right now we are having a hard time agreeing. I guess I will have to wait and see if we can actually agree
I just would like information on obtain agreed scheduled visitation rights. Problem
hi Lindsey, Quick Question. Can you terminate a child support obligation if agreed upon by both parties?
Ok both parents do agree where do you get a form?
since I was still moving stuff out of apartment I agreed to pay April and may
Can I apply for a divorce online even if both parties don’t agree
We have agreed to joint custody in NY when I arrive. We have agreed to sign unofficial documents outlining our new agreement and schedule.
He doesn't agree Because of the relationship they had I'm guessing
I agree that support should end. Question is can I be legally responsible for repaying support for the time she has not been home
In my separation agreement, he agrees to pay me as soon as possible.
There isn’t i can’t agree to what’s being asked from me as far as my child goes .
We agree on everything with our 2 kids. I will keep them an he pays child support..
oh i am sorry    Yes agree to diclamer
