i also do not want his name as the baby's last name
My name is Lesty Rivera..718 360 7455..
*I ALREADY OBTAINED A LEGAL NAME CHANGE*
How do I go about changing my lst name and my childs last name
I would like to know where can I find a lawyer who can help me with a name change
where do i find the poor mans form for filing a name change?
I also don’t feel safe using that name it was a mistake I should of kept my maiden name
I would like to change my 2 year old last name, do I need to go to Civil Court
my son father send me to court for changing my child last name
Hi, I want some information on changing a last name
I need to do a name change but the court is close. How do I go about filling
im trying to locate the Modification Petition to change the payer name on the case.
My name is Ivana, I work for a non-profit and I wanted to see how your services have changed due to covid19
Going around in circles. I want NAMES.
Hi I need help to change my 5 years old first name but I can't pay for lawyer
And changing name is not for divorce or marriage reasons
My name is Rachel I need to file for a divorce
I need to get certified copies of my name change order, where can I go to do this?
How can I get extra certified of name change
My name is Juan Cruz , the mothers name is Heidy Vargas and the child's name is Kelly Vargas
How can I go about to change my new born frist name?
Hi, i just have a quick question, i want to know if the civil court is open for name changes
i just would like the steps and or paperwork’s to change my child’s last name a minor with both parents consent
+1 (813) 943-1877 My name is Elsa
My name is Joe seeking help in modifying my child support changed jobs and pay is lower
Hello, can i change my son last name if the father is not in his life and wasn't there since birth
I just want to know her do I have to do to change my daughters last name
To remove the senior suffix from my father's name.
Me and my wife want to change your last name to her madden name how do I do this
i am trying to change my sons last name
How would I go about changing my daughters last name?
*I DO NOT HAVE HIS NAME. I LEGALLY CHANGED MY NAME SIX YEARS AGO*
I'm transgender and I want to change my first and middle name
So even if I were names on it It state like John Doe number one so and so name John Doe number to so-and-so name
Hi my name is Walter L Douglas
yes Hi my name is Yoselin Gutierrez
We bought a property and we want a change of name on the deed...
Hi my name is James Pierre Louis
my cars that I bought is with my husband and registered under his name. Is there anyway i can put it under my name?
I look help for a name change petition
Manager lawyer name Terrence whelan
hello I am trying to change my last name
Hi. Recently I became U.S Citizen and had my name changed because it was to long.
I would like to find a a family lawyer that can help with child custody and legal name changing
Because the way I appeared in my birth record is that a female was born no name or last name
I already acquired a legal name change.
Yes looking for advice for name changing
His name is lowasey and his bussness was parL a8e
Yes I would some information about a name change
Hello,  my name is gloria Castillo,  I want to know how can I change my address on line,  thank you
first thing is adoption and name change for my child
Hi a quick question to change my child last name  so I need the father’s permission?
I want to change my name legally and have questions.
My full name is Thomas Grindberg and my wife’s name is Marie
The mother changed the child's name  and she is trying to change his sex
do you know if I need full custody to have name changed ?
I have sole custody of a family members child and want to have the last name changed to mine
I’m already married my wife and I want to chance are last name to her madden name
my full name is shazima ramnauth my # is 2012491255
i just have the persons first name and phone number and business name. i know he holds the lease but nothing more
Name change. And birth certificate change. What forms must I need to get it changed
I have since moved and need proof of my divorce to change my name.
do you know where the saved files would be from 2017/2017?  same user name
Also can I change my name if we aren't divorced? He left don't know where he is.
hi my name is ida rivera alward
I need name change for my minor son.
Hi nice to meet you . My name is Karina
Can you please help me to find necessary forms to legally change my name?
How do I change my minor child name. Father has been absent from her life past 4 years and his whereabouts are unknown for consent.
I’m not changing my name. I’m just adding another last name
I'm looking for a name change form for a minor outside of NYC but I don't see it on the site
I thought it was just name change, but attorney here says it is more than that
I'm trying to change the name of the payee on an active child support case from my mother to myself
I want a legal assistant  for name change
How do I go about changing her name. What forms would I file?
Can I change my child (9 yrs old) last name to my domestic partner's last name?
I need help with an adult name change not child
yes i am this way i can have the payments changed to my name and send it to the family court
Hi my name is Rebecca. I just have a question about Divorces.
my husband changed my name to his children as beneficiaries
we have already found the legal name change for minor form
i found my name is posted on the website with the state where i live and my husbands name
i need information how do i change my name  by going to the court or what
I can’t find the documents that had my lawyers name or arresting officers name
it asks for her name but not the name and address of the trustee
I want to change my son last name
Hi  I’m trying to change my daughter last name
How can i changed it to her biological father’s last name ?
right now my attorney representing my case and i want to change on my name as a representation
I want to change my last name I want to Receive the form in the mail I don’t have Adobe Flash
Hello there, I have a question regarding petition for name change
how can i file for a name change in family court
well i would like to know how can i change my sons last name to my last name.
Now, where can I find information about old name changes?
Can I hyphenate my last name with my deceased step father's name even though I'm on probation for a misdemeanor
I have legally changed my name to my maiden name.
I am 21 and would like to change my last name to my stepfathers name.  I am trying to see what is the process.
Hi my name is Tracey Parkinson and l need help with a eviction
basically i dont have a middle name but during immigration process my first name was split into first and middle name
The links provided were Instructions on how to go about apply for name change
I would like to find a free legal advice agency to assist in a adult name change petition
They went to court, but the eviction was put under the senior’s name
Hello,  I have an attorney , my name is Catherine Carrion, I just need her name and number
I want the kids to have my last name I want to change his last name
yes that is the name change link that I used
I read about a notice to non-petitioning parent for name change but am unsure what court to go through and how that works.
I need a poor person affidavit to go along with my name change pettition
Hi my name is Sakyra I wanna get a divorce and change my last name
i want to change my last name because my birth certficate was corrected when i was a kid but my parents never changed it legaly
Hi my name is Shana Howard I need help with Nys UI
HOW TO GET RECORDS OF NAME CHANGE FROM 1972 IN NYC
how can I help her change her first name her last name was change to mine
I want to name change for my minor son
How can i change my child name so my husband can recognized her as the father?
so the one that you sent that deals with name changes
I’ve heard NYC is doing virtual court because of vivid 19. Is that with Name Changes as well
I am trying to figure out how to petition the courts to change my name
my name is  jenny perez and my ex husband name is franklin reyes
Where can I mail petition for child name Change in Brooklyn ny
She wanted to know if she  petition  the court to legally change the baby's last name  would the father have to be notified.
Six years ago I changed my name. I no longer have his name.
Hey I filled out some change name petition forms yesterday and cannot access them on my account
Her name is Alexandra savedra 914 803 6942
I would like to know how to file a name change online due to the courts being closed on a count of covid-19
i was hoping to get some information about last name change
Yes, thank you  what is an informal name change?
Thanks. Any chance you can provide the exact name of that form?
i know you can’t use full names. But first names is fine?
Just want to consult about how and what all are the procedure for changing names of a child
Hello, I’m looking for the status of a name change petition?
Hi I was wondering how does the name change process go
i want to know the process of changing my daughter name
I need help filling out the name change documents
I would like add a other last name to my toddler name
Nick P (Greek last name I can't remember I think his actual first name begins with an A)
Hi I was wondering how I would go about changing my last name for the first time
I am intrested in changing my middle name but dont have the 210.00 for the filing fee
No. I just want extra copies of my name changed
I want to know how I can add a last name to my name
Hi Katie, my name is Judy Perez
I'm asking about the name change change process due to cover 19
A thank you but again do by any chance you know the name of the form that I need to obtain
I want to file for  a name change, but dont have 210.00 for the filing fee.
I need to find any documentation showing my name change back in 2005. This was not due to marriage
I don't want to change name, just correct a typo... Great, thanks. I was born in Queens
Hi Oliver, My name is Frances Quinones
Ok and what the name of the form I need to file
I already changed my last name in court
yes and my son too but I also would like to know what happens to the person who changed my name which is my mother
he signed the petition for individual adult change of name
Yes hello i'm looking for free legal help with name changing
and how long will it take for the name change to be complete?
My full name is Wen Pin Tsai
I started filing out paperwork for changing my childs name a while back is there a way to return to it?
My birth certificate still retained the Senior suffix to his name when I amended my name change.
I want to find out how to get my name off of the check that I had nothing to do with
