Thank you for your assistance. Are you open till 5pm? Just want to know for future questions
Hi Amy, I would like free legal assistance in a lease termination case please. I live in Queens NY
Im in his country for 30 y ,paid my taxes never applied for any assistance
i am seeking legal assistance with a debtor where can I go
Looking for assistance for daughter regarding child supportc
I have another question if you can assist in this matter please
I need legal assistance on unemployment/pandemic relief program options for L1A Visa holders in NYC please
I need help applying for the covid-19 rental assistance.
Hi, I'm looking for legal assistance with a matter that involves my previous landlord.
I need legal assistance. Can I give a brief explanation?
no not at scrie = looking f or assistance before applying
I am trying to find out if I am able to get assistance for a divorce through the crime victims association?
I don’t have a cash assistance case but I’m trying to get help for one time assistances
I need legal assistance in a foreclosure case
I know this is a resource for people needing legal assistance, but it have not found another way to get this assistance.
I am looking for legal assistance in housing court
9/20/2019,3:49-3:51PM ET Hello I am looking for legal assistance in the areas of health care proxy, suspected medical fraud,unemployment and public assistance.
I need assistance with advance directive planning
I did not know if I had any rights or support legally to require his assistance
I am currently unemployed and am collecting unemployment. I need to get a divorce and need assistance paying for it.
I'm having trouble looking for legal assistances.
I receive government assistance and don’t know where to turn for help and this is all new to me
Sure that could be very helpful if you can provide me with free legal assistance
I am currently searching for free legal assistant
Is there a way to find out if I qualify for free legal assistance here
Ok yes that "assistance free if charge" is more what I need
Neither one of wants to pay thousands for a lawyer either.  Just assistance with the forms and filing procedures.
Hello, I am looking for an attorney to assist in an unemployment appeals hearing
looking for legal assistance for special education needs for elementary student Yates County
THANK YOU! Covid has made this horrible and I appreciate your assistance
OK, so can you provide (inexpensive) lawyers to assist?
thanks. Would they provide assistance if I am above the poverty line?
I need help to get the assistance we need
looking for legal assistance to fill out a modification petition for support court
Can you assist me in finding out if i have a pending court case?
Ok is there any free legal assistance in Ontario that can further assist me that you know of? I’m currently Unemployed.
Hi how can I get help with legal assistant ?
hi I am looking in assistance on filing a divorce with no assets and have a child
Is the rental assistance program over? If so do I have other options for help?
Im looking for Legal center/attorney that can provide assistance
I’m looking for assistance with filing an article 78
My name is Elliot L Dixon I am looking for Help for rent Assistance the Amount of $890
Thanks for your assistance, it gives me some direction on what to do next!
I would like some assistance in finding a lawyer to assist me with a subtenant holdover case in NYC.
Am looking for help in finding  free legal assistance in finalizing my divorce
I read this in Public Assistance and liens article published by Legal Assistance of Western New York, Inc.
Looking to review with counsel’s assistance regarding a previously filed divorce settlement.
I would love assistance applying for divorce
I’m in need of legal assistance I cannot pay I’m wanted for petit larceny
I think so, is there a paper for applying for legal assistance available online
I don’t need COVID assistance. Just need to see what form is the right one to send to family court
I would to know if can get assistance from a lawyer regarding unpaid rent and being sued
Im looking for legal assistance to dispute a child support order
I wanted to ask about assistance with a pending divorce
am i eligible for legal assistance based on aceratin salary?
Understood. Thank you. If she has questions while  filing out the petition can she call the Lift helpline for assistance?
hello, my name is Luis and I'm assisting my mother in applying for Unemployment Assistance here in NYC.
Also I forgot to mention that I am on a fixed income and would like to obtain free legal assistance if possible.
thanks fir the chart No one could assist me in this
I need legal assistance for a case of commercial lease.
I need a list of probono lawyers please that can assist with surrogates court matters
Thought it would help better in assisting me
searching for an attorney to assist in a dental lawsuit
How much will the attorney charged and can they assist with "infringement"?
Thank you most kindly for your assistance. Have a pleasant evening.
My landlord has informed me that they will be going forward with legal action for rears I owe , he mentioned getting assistance via housing court
Can you refer me to utilities assistance agency and tell me requirements for rental assistance?
Ok how do I go about obtaining legal assistance
I have been sued by a company for owing them and I need legal assistance
I am looking to get assistance in filing a petition to change my current custody/visition order
I need a lawyer who can assist me with filing a divorce
I am looking for assistance with a damages dispute with my previous land lord
yes because when i applied for cash assistance its mandatory to do child support
Hi , I am in need of legal aid divorce assistance , It’s an emergency matter where  four children involved  & a house ,
I need urgent assistance if possible please
I need help finding free legal assistance, I live in Queens but I signed a contract with a company that is set in new Jersey
I am seeking assistance in a civil court case for my son. He is on public assistance pending social security
Hi, I’m looking  legal assistant in a family court matter
I am seeking information regarding assistance for a divorce
You have to know someone in the system who could assist
Hi. I was  looking for assistance regarding a previously file divorce decree.
Hello, I am looking for assistance in how to go find legal help for my case
legal assistance of western New York-Elmira office phone 607-734-1674, but it rings and then goes beep-beep and disconnects
Are you able to give me some leads for legal assistance
I’m a 74 yr old senior looking for assistance with my rent
I am unlicensed personnel who can take over some of her duties by assisting to not nurse depandent /independent/students.
We need assistance with the preparation/application for clemency. Is this something we can receive assistance with?
I just needed assistance with locating an IEX form
who do i contact if i am a veteran in need of housing assistance?
Ok. If I am already on a form of Gov assistance would that affect my eligibility?
I need assistance finding an attorney to help me
Hello I'm looking for legal service to assist me with getting benefit
I have the papers. Just need assistance (free) in filling them out
i need legal assistance , this the right place?
I have joint customdy but I need assistance with gaining primary placement
I am always polite but need assistance in writing to him
I am looking for legal assistance with a wrongful termination case and unemployment
I need to get a copy of current custody papers for assistance In Dss
My name is joshue. I am dealing with a possible divorce from my husband and I need legal assistance and possibly get a lawyer
is there a way to apply for free legal assistance in family court for myself as an adult who is seeking custody and visitation?
I am in need of assistance.  Con ed is going to be shut off. I have to feed my 11yr old triplets.
Hello my name is jasmine and I’m looking to get assistance with some legal issues
Hello, may I ask how do I get legal assistance here?
Also, i do need assistance with 2 separate matters
Is there legal assistance for free for understanding a work contract?
Is NYLAG available, in the event that I need assistance with any of these documents?
I need assistance with a wrongful termination by CVR.
can you please assist with figuring out what form is needed to file in jefferson county
I need some assistance filling out a petition for probate
I don’t need legal assistance. But I do need help to get my disposition
Thank you for your help. Do you know why Lawyers do not assist the patient in Hippa cases?
I need a legal assistance to apply for citizenship
I need assistance with information about my legal rights only
I will read more carefully, but I got the idea. Let me ask you, is emergency cash assistance different from one shot rental assistance?
Hi Emily I need assistance on removing an eviction from my records
Hello! I was looking for some assistance with filing in Family Court
No legal matters at this . Human Resources/ Public Assistance / Snap, Cash Assistance
is there assistance for a CPS fair trial hearing? I need an attorney to assist me
But can you help me find a referral that can assist landlords in matters of the nature I described?
Yes thank you. No further assistance needed, hopefully
Legal assistance for mental health personal can you direct me please
Hello, I need assistance to file for a divorce
i am looking for an attorney to assist me with a court case where i received money
Need assist with getting a court order
My client requires the assistance of a pro bono lawyer who can assist her child in a SIJS case
I tried the ny Legal Assistance hot line
I’m looking for free legal assistance in a case
I would part time and need assistance with my rent.
i need a get a legal assistance for my aptment partition case which is in the middle of law sui
I need rental assistance my rent is 1,450 and I am backed up
It is but l am hopeful that with your guidance. We will get the assistance needed.
I'm looking for legal assistance with a wrongful termination and unemployment
No thank Im going to give them a call right now to get some assistance
my brother is homeless in glensfalls ny and I need to assist him in his legal affairs
i have communicated this concern with professionals and they have advised me to obtain legal assistance.
No, that was it. I pray to get some good  advise and assistance.
I need some assistance with filing out divorce papers
Hi, can you please help me find the lawyer that assisted me in the past? My name is Freddy McCoy
i need help filing a complaint in Syracuse and I'm not having any luck getting an attorney to assist me.
I have been trying to find assistance but it has proven quite difficult
I'm looking for a legal office that provides assistance with Article 78s
I need help with my unemployment assistance payment. I am a victim of crime and discrimination
I'm looking for assistance in the rights Tennant's have
I’m looking for legal help to assist me in the court
I’m looking for a lawyer to assist me with amending a justice center finding
Hi my name is Lily I need help and assistance!!!
I have a family residing in shelter with no legal assistance.
I need assistance on a case that is related to an insurance related matter that was not handled in good faith.
Hello i am looking for legal assistance. I have been denied my unemployment benifits
i need ongoing assistance with getting to an agreeable contract for both sides
I am looking for legal assistance to discuss bankruptcy
okay when i do go to court how can i go about finding assistance for a free atty
Are there any landlord assistance helplines I can call in regards to this matter?
