On May 8/20 was my hearing appointment and is was put off on May 2/20 because of the COVID 19
I lost my job due to covid 19
I’m concerned with the possibility of my child support accumulating due to the covid 19
2 weeks after purchasing t he car, I was laid off due to COVID 19
Yes and the covid 19 pendmic didn't help eather
How do I change my child support petition from paying weekly to monthly due to covid 19 circumstances?
I understand that COVID 19 makes it tougher on everyone but they been collecting the extra $600 unemployment and did not help me with nothing
Courts are closed at the moment due to COVID- 19
I am a landlord looking to talk to someone about advice regarding Covid 19 and the tenant rent payment
Good afternoon I need help with COVID 19 issue in household, can you help
My restaurant was closed fdue to. Ovid 19
Modification of my order to pay..lost my work on march 18th 2020 due to covid 19
is it till June 19, not august 20?
and im out of income due to covid -19
The other site is for information on the courts operation during the COVID - 19
I was just laid off of work due to covid 19 and need to amend my child support deductions, how do I do that
how do I file a child support order during this covid 19 pandemic ?
This was for unemployment checks given to my wife due to COVID 19
I was terminated from my job for 3rd party exposure to covid 19. I would like to know my rights
My son has a court date on January  4th in queens family court  what are the procedures  to covid 19
No courts are open because of the co-vid 19. So I can not go into the court.
Are child support Courts close due to covid 19
I wanted to know if I can file for child support during covid 19
how to do I go about filing a petition for visitation while COVID 19 is going on ?
I just wanted to know if I can have 3 child support applications mailed to me due to covid 19 .
I need help for the COVID 19 rent assistance rent program
Our local office isn't open due to Covid 19
Now he has tested positive for covid 19 and want to redo the compassion release with the help of a lawyer and do it properly
Owe rent due to covid 19 issues
i know it’s tough on everyone cause of COVID 19
Accusing me of wrongfully receiving unemployment. I lost my job during Covid 19 and stayed home with my 3 kids
ok - Can all of this be done online since the courts are closed due to Covid 19?
I lost my job due to covid 19 and need to modify my support what do I do
where can I file for emergency  not visitation  for out of state since covid 19
Especially now even more not willing with the covid 19
She has been caught already.  Been to court a few times then this covid 19 hit and courts were cancelled
I have a child support case and my income went down due to the lost of my job because of the covid 19.
i wanted to know how do i find ou the status of the covid 19 rent assistance
i wanted to know is there a way to file a petition for child support and custody during covid 19
She is also using covid 19 for all her excuses.
Do I have a right to request for another year lease? I wonder if there are special guideline for covid 19
I was planning to appear in court but because of this situation - covid 19
I have recently loss my job do to COVID -19 last month and I need to figure out how to adjust my child support payments
I filled out for COVID 19 help the confirmation # 0NK4PXY2 and  received Notice to pay rent or quit possession
is there anything on the any thing stating that child visitation is not affected by Covid 19 and should still be followed ?
I was surprised to learn that I could not go to Brooklyn to do the paper work because of Covid 19
Hi I was wondering because of covid 19 am I still able to file full custody ?
because of the COVID 19 I’m unemployed do you think I can still fill for modification?
How do I go about getting a federal inmate released early due to covid 19 in his entire prison
do i have to pay my commercial rent during covid 19
I wanted to know if I can get unemployment if I quit my job because of Covid 19
Ok but there's no courts open due to covid 19
I want to file for custody and visitation  in ny state. How do I do that with the covid 19. Happening
We live in a small town and have a large number of COVID 19 here
Hi. I am looking for pro bono legal assistance in negotiating my rent due to financial difficulties as a result of the Covid 19 pandemic.
Can I sue the court for not pushing him to  pay his support because this is been going on for over 19 years?
I have a question regarding covid 19 and testing
hello i need help to apply for the covid 19 renting
Who should I report that at current time I am unemployed and I applied for unemployment due to COVID 19
Is there a delay in enforcement due to Covid 19?
My rent have been fair market for 19 years
hey Fernanda can you help me with a question regarding unemployment and the cover 19?
due to COV —19 going to doctors was nit advised
Or what should I do. Because of the Covid 19 courts are close is there other option? Please let me know thank you.
Do people who are receiving DSS/Snap/Medicade/Temporarily Assistant do they qualify for the COVID 19 Stimulus?
