i think that covers everything. thanks for your help!
Thank you but if im unemployed do I not qualify for any help
Thank you 🙏🏻 my mom is very sick with the virus too but on the mend.  I hope you are all well safe and well
Thank you. I’m just looking for the help we need and deserve
Yes enjoy your holidays as well. I hope so also thank you.
Thank you! Youre annangel thank you for all your help! How do i save?
Thanks! That’s be very helpful! Am very confused about everything these days...
All is well, have a nice day, thanks again for your time and help
I do not think so. You’ve been extremely helpful! Thank you!
thank you I will try later and also with the information you send me thank you
Thank you for your help. Are you in the same office with Gina whom tried to help me yesterday?
No, I don't mind waiting.  Thank you for your help!
Thank you i wish i had somewher eelse to go to organizie myself thats the pron
That isn't the right area for me household but thank you
seems so . Thank you again for pointing me in the right direction
Not at this very moment. But thank you. I am grateful this service exists.
Thank you for your help. Happy new year. I no mine will be.
Thank you I’m his only voice now!! And no you’ve been very helpful!!
Not at the moment thank you you’ve help a lot!
excellent help. thank you and stay well.
Thank you...I don't have any other questionsm  I will review the information.  Thanks for providing this service
Thank you I will look into some of the things you suggest. Thank you
thank you also where can he apply for a restricted nys drivers licensse
I really don’t know.  I will have to do some additional reading.  Thank you.
Awesome. Thank you for u help.  On it right now
Thank you. By chance are u there specific requirements to file that your familiar with
Thank you for your help. I’ll try these organizations
No, thank you. Will this page stay up, while I copy your responses?
no thats it. thank you for what you could do. maybe the library
Thank you...these are in my area. I thank you for your time and sharing this information! :)
No that's a huge start for me to try for help thank you again
jacquelyn many many thanks for your support and for doing what you do
Nope that's it. You've been very helpful. Thank you.
Thank you  Ester for your help. Happy Holidays
The information you provided will help point me in the right direction.  Thank you again..have a nice day
no, that would be all. thank you again. I hope they can help as well.
Yes that would be extremely helpful, thank you
Thank you, lots of information.  I thank you for your time
So not only did he text my daughter he lied. Thank you for your help
Thank you in advance for any help or guidance you can advise.
It takes a toll on ones health. thanks for understanding and for all the help
Alright. It's unfortunate but I guess there is nothing I can do. Thank you for your help.
Thank you I will contact the attorneys above, you've been very helpful, thank you
I’ll check out the website thanks a lot
At this point, I’ll take ANY help I can get, so definitely yes for LIFT. Thank you.
Thank you - I did use the self help program to fill out the petition
Thank you. I already copied the links, but I will do as you suggest.  Thank you again.
I cannot seem to find it anywhere and it is not specifically listed in directives I have found. Thank you
Thank you, but I'm on that page. Is the form under Small Estate Administration? That's what I need it for. Thanks.
I know it. My aunt used to be town clerk for over 30 years.  Thanks for your help
I’m praying it does. Thank u again u have been very helpful.
thanks but thats for family. thanks anyway
I think that's it! Thanks for your help Janelle
awesome thank you, there is also a non compete agreement involved
No. Thank you. Please I need a referral for this matter. Thank you again
I haven't found it yet. Thanks what I'm asking. Is that Affidavit there? Thanks.
I don't think I have any more questions, thanks for your help
Thank you.  Omg thank you! I’ve tried finding and I can’t.
Thank you.  Sorry it was so long I just wanted to explain the situation
Thank you let me take a quick look
No you were very helpful. Thank you. Happy New Year
All set for now, but thank you for the care...if you are a real human 😝!
Thank you your help is so rewarding you're helping me be very fully productive let's try another search in Sullivan
Thank you excuse this slow pc Thank for all the information
Thanks, just want have an idea how to deal with this situation..
I need tim to read. Anyway thanks
is there someone i could meet with to help with my forms. maybe you can point me in the right direction.   thank you
no you were most helpful! I cant thank you enough! I hope you have an amazing day Maya!
Thank u for all ur help I will get to it asap
I have been so afraid Crystal very long now thank you for giving me a glimmer of hope again
no thank you everything you gave me helps thank you
Oh wow thank you I couldn't find any documentation for the life of me
thank  you. i am not a senior. your firm is unable to help me
thank you for helping me with information and i thought the website had a form that I can download to change of venue
Thanks for the help.. I'm not understanding what you mean
thank you i would be happy with advice i will try all thank you
thank you for your help! i will start with one of the lawyer referrals you suggested. wish me luck.
Thanks for letting me know! Have an awesome day!
Nope I think that’s what I was looking for, thanks
Thank you for your help, Latoya. I have no additional questions.
Thank you for your help. I guess I’m all set
i dont mind holding thank you for your help
thanks.  no thanks I am in a union I can get one
thank you. I saw that. Because they lied on the affidavit and lawsuit,
so she and I just keep getting screwed thanks for ur help
No. I thank you for all you've done to guide me on the right direction. Have a nice day.
that won't be necessary . agian thank you for your support
Thank you . No the other person doesnt have access to my email or pc . But thank you for your help amd this information
Nope that be all thank u ...u been a big help
Yea that's helpful thanks a lot
Perfect, thank you!  Is there nothing that I can search on line?
9/20/19,4:01-4:02 PM  ET Thank you, any referrals for my other concerns?
No thank you . Enjoy the rest of your day 😁
You really helped a Family tonight.  My Nephew has a 2 yr old son.   Thank you and Stay Well.
Jeremie thank you again. You've been a big help
thank you for your help, this situation is kind of hard to me, specially when I know I did not do that
Thank you. I would love that. As I need to act soon.
I am reading it and I will gladly take any other resources that would help Thank you
Thank you. I need a legal representation and counseling regarding divorce.
Ah, thats extremely helpful.  Thank you for the heads up.
Not during the holiday...its a frustrating situation very...k no problem thanks
Thank you again ru. I hope you have a nice evening and weekend
Thanks. Let me read the materials for additional help
I’ll check the handbook. Thank you for your help
Thank you for your help have a nice day and happy Thanksgiving
It’s alright. Thank you for the help I’ll look into the website.
Thanks hun...my head is killing me...this alot
That would be lovely.   Thank you kindly, Hana.  - wdc
Thank you  be well.  And safe in this crazy world
Thanks and be safe with your phone iPhone or Android
i don’t think so thanks for your help. What a nightmare
Thanks but I already went to that website & there is no help
what a relief.... thank you...I was said so many things that generated fear and anxiety over all this.... thank you
Thank you.  Also, do you know if anyone who is there to check the index with COVID-19 restrictions.
Awesome, I think thats all I need! Thanks Amy :)
thank you I will do the survey  no problem thank you for you help and just listening to me ....
No that's it, thank you Shannon you've been very helpful. Have a safe and happy holiday season.
No Thank you Thank you for the information hopefully I’ll get somewhere have a nice day sincerely
I wish but I guess I will see the information you sent me will help. Thank you for your help
Thank you, organizations would be helpful as well.
so it's after June 20. that's what I need to know.  thank you.
Thank you. Happy New year! enjoy ur evening.
Well thanks for your help Merry Christmas
Thanks for your help in clarifying my questions, its so hard to navigate the system.
sure, thank you.  I don't need that, but thanks
Thank you.. sorry it took so long to reply. Thank you again, appreciate it.
Thank you I will definitely read this when we are finished corresponding.
perfect thank you! thats what i was exactly looking for
Oh really I didn’t know thanks
Thank you - non COVID - a nice passing.
Thank u Emma! You’re awesome!
not right now, again many thanks. So difficult, I just want them to say their sorry.
No, this is help. Thank you and enjoy the rest of your day
thank you, allow me to continue to elaborate, here comes the part about my questions
Yes it’s helpful thanks for helping me
thank u for ur help anyway
no thank you, you have already put some sunshine in my day.
no i think you have pointed me in the right direction thank you
Yes it was alot of help thank u
Thank you for guiding me to these resources. You saved my life.
Oh I see it is free. I found it an FAQs thank you!
NO NOTHING ELSE THANK YOU AND ENJOY YOUR DAY
Why don't you provide for me several attorneys that can help me apply for this. thanks
Thanks again Ashley.  I will take it from here.  Enjoy your evening and stay cool if you can.
WOW, I already have you in my cell..  Thanks.  GB.
All set. Happy New Yr and thank you again
i am glad that at least you have trusted me , thanks katie
not in immediate danger, thank you.  and i will wait for whatever help you can give me
Thank you, I hope they can help...no one else has
thanks, I dont need legal help
That's what I Thought Thank you! and Merry Christmas!
This is quite helpful. Thank you. Do I get it notarized at the courthouse or independently?
It went great thanks. Hope the rest of your shift goes well.  Im exiting out now
that is very helpful, thank you! Is there one listed on livehelp you think I should really try to get assistant from?
Thank you Mike, enjoy ur weekend
Thank you..  Is there any explanation when your child goes in the service?
Thank you no...you gave me plenty of information to get started. Thank you again for time and your condolences.
Thank you. I am no longer with the father. I am safe. This is ptsd. Thank you!!!!
That is all for now, I will read more about it. Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day!
Thanks. Do you if the organization for the website you provided me, does it specialize on helping Latinos who have been discriminated against, etc?
I do, but hopefully a lawyer from one of those two organizations can dig deeper. Thanks again!
oh hey thank u lindsey
