where do I fill out the paperwork since the courts are not open to visit?
Yes I have and we came to a agreement and she is willing to sign any paperwork
I filed paperwork with the court to modify the payments
Where do I file paperwork to get visitation for my daughter
I’m unable to serve my ex the paperwork from the court
can i go to family court and pick up paperwork and file it there?
and the paperwork says the Edds website but its not coming up
Is there anyway i can get a copy of my custody paperwork off line
Need representation in my child custody case. Judge Patsolas has said I filled out paperwork incorrectly. How can I get help? Thx
They need the paperwork filled out do they can get child support
Is it possible to tell me how long the proccess takes when i file this paperwork
She's better now but unable to work as a result. We're finally getting through all of the unemployment paperwork
Yes that's where I got the paperwork from to try to modify it the last 2 times I went to court
it's just I don't know how to do it without  a lawyer.  What paperwork do I need? what kind of documents should I provide?
I realize the petition must be filed at Family Court, just trying to avoid going in-person to grab the paperwork.
We are looking at the paperwork and wasn't sure which path to take
I put in paperwork's already and filled out and send them in and waiting for a reply but I'm waiting for almost a month now
Also, can I get the paperwork online in the meantime? ... and will it be backdated?
rather then come to the court court to submitt the paperwork
I want it to be here so need to change venue and not sure what paperwork that is
I am trying to find the paperwork to fill out for guardianship of a minor
Everyone I knew can’t do it after saying they would give the paperwork to him
Okay thank you. I live out of the state. Can I file my paperwork thru fax or mail it in before the hearing?
I'm seeking assistance with filing the proper paperwork
i don’t have a copy as I moved and lost the paperwork.
No I need to view my custody agreement but I lost the paperwork
Hi, I was wondering what paperwork is filed to stipulate to an existing order stating parents will not speak ill of each other
Yes it's ok, who do I go to to help me fill out paperwork just to ensure I'm doing it right
Hi I’m trying to change my address on paperwork I already did on this site
Let’s just start with the custody paperwork to send me then
Hi. I have custody of my 2 grandchildren but I have misplaced the paperwork. How can I get a copy?
Where would I find the Necessary paperwork to file for custody
Due to covid they are doing paperwork through online .  Would you be able to assist me with paperwork
I received paperwork in the mail asking me to sign something and I don't know what the paperwork means.
I was told by the secretary that I need to file opposition paperwork. I do not know where to get those from
I would like to sign the home over to the bank but need to know what paperwork I need to file
We just need paperwork to fill out for visitation with his son
Hi with the courts being closed because of COVID-19 is there paperwork I can fill out and file online for residential custody?
I need to file custody petition paperwork. I don't how to gather a information.
I need to file custody and support with family court in riverhead. Can I go get paperwork.
I need to file paperwork for violation of court-ordered visitation.
I'm embarrassed because I couldn't remember the day we did the final paperwork
Can you tell me how to file custody paperwork during Covid-19?
Yes, I know that.  I'm wondering if I can take my decsion to another county to apply for a stay AND start the appeal paperwork.
Okay, there's no way to tell if paperwork has been filed yet then?
so if u can tell me we’re to get that paperwork or send me it that be great
I can fill the paperwork out I just didn't know if kids that are no longer mine need to be included
I filed paperwork and I’m the grandma courts not till the 24th, do I have to let the parents see him
I am looking for information on how to serve someone out of state with the paperwork for custody
I’ve asked for modification paperwork to be mailed to me. I’m not flying to NY to handle this.
im trying to find old court paperwork
and is this the address to send the paperwork to? i am located in queens county.
Hi I recently fill out and sent documents for child support, how do I find out if the courts received my paperwork.
Oh so we already came to an agreement for filing taxes.  So I guess should we notarize the paperwork
Yes, I picked up the custody paperwork and filled it out to drop off at the courthouse in Ontario Co. (Canandaigua)
no have to fill out paperwork to get one been separated for about 8 years
do i need paperwork if i am going to a different court house then where the case was or can i just go and file
I was looking for someone to help me fill out and file the paperwork
Hello I waned to know how to start visition paperwork with the courts
where could I go to print out the paperwork I need to file for visitation of my daughter
yes but it says the court clerk has to sign and there isn't a signature from the court clerk on her paperwork, just the attorneys.
I literally just need updated paperwork for divorce cause the ones I have I think might be outdated
I just filled out paperwork online but was just trying to see what questions would be asked
is there any way that someone can obtain the paperwork (packet) for me and mail it to me?
Yes I do but my ex have to put in the paperwork to get the paternity done
I need help filling out paperwork for petition of administration of estate
so i started filling out the paperwork for nonpayment eviction
I’m looking for the order of contempt paperwork
looking for a family law paralegal to do some paperwork for custody
im looking to find where I can print off the paperwork to file for custody in Onondaga county
he refuses to sign the paperwork required  for my child to obtain a passport
D.s.s and broome county family court says this in my paperwork stipulations.
I need the link to print out paperwork for court
So now I have my new tax paperwork the courts been closed
I need help to mail paperwork to the right address
I filed the paperwork because my checks have been getting garnished for 3 years now and paternity was never done .
so nobody from within LIFT can help me with the paperwork?
hi i filled a modificaion and saved all my paperwork but i need to print it out how do i find it
a link to the paperwork I need to file for a violation of a custody agreement
I'm trying to get paperwork to file a petition for custody
i am trying to fill out custody modification paperwork
do i go to family court and get the paperwork?
It is, but I'm looking for the actual paperwork to file with the court
Yes,I need to figure out how to get paperwork for temporary custody
im facing a wrongful eviction, i have some specific questions about paperwork mostly
I need help in finding the correct paperwork to print out for paternity and visitation
I need help don’t no how to get the paperwork
or can someone else file the paperwork with the court?
Hi where do i find the paperwork for a violation of custody
Yes, is there any assistance to fill out the paperwork? Or any address on line I can access the paperwork?
Will it cost me anything to file the paperwork, yes that would be greatly appreciated
My friend said i can access custody paperwork online or download the pdf and print it out
im looking for a lawyer to help with paperworks for deportation
i filed in 2018 and its now 2020 and no one is fighting over this or disputing it yet the court wants more signed paperwork
Hello I need to send paperwork to my daughter father for child support
I am looking for the paperwork that I can file for fill custody of a child.
and yes, also, can you tell me where for sure to send the paperwork
im just wanting paperwork mailed to me for start getting a attorney for divorce
yes except there is no will and i just need the paperwork filled out to prove im the only adult child
I have a custody enforcement from NJ. I need the bronx family court e-mail to send to the paperwork to them.
Need a lawyer for deed transfer paperwork
How do obtain the paperwork to file for residential custody?
Does that paperwork still stand true or is there suppose to be a new document
I don’t need a lawyer I can file the paperwork myself
i don’t need help filling out the paperwork
I am looking for a petition for violation of custody paperwork
So I still go to court to file paperwork ?
I'm looking for a lawyer in Chemung county that can help with filling out child support paperwork.
Do you'll have lawyer's in the Brooklyn family Court that I can get to help me out with filing the right paperwork
Hello,how can i get paperwork for non marital child
Paperwork for it to print out to fill out after a decision in a criminal case
Good afternoon am trying to fill out the paperwork for petition for child visitian I can't find it the paperwork
Well prior to filing should we put down on the agreements what we want and notarize the paperwork?
I want to know which paperwork needs to be fill out and where to download the paperwork from.
Hi. I m trying to find paperwork for a NY state seperation
I want to file paperwork to just have his visitation modified to family connections
i need to get the correct paperwork for modification
I filed paperwork Friday and I am trying to track progress of the paperwork
I can complete the paperwork. I don't want to expose myself by having to het the paperwork notarized and copied and possibly served.
how do I get a copy without filling out the paperwork again
Can someone related to the children during a court case serve me paperwork
also because I want to know if I can send his mother the paperwork?>
I'm wondering where I can find paperwork to have my son's father sign him over to my husband
I don't know where to obtain the petition paperwork for the appeal
The paperwork is very confusing and I know I may need a lawyer to help me
Ok thanks where can I find the paperwork to fill out?
We were married in a church. My Pastor daid he would sign whatever paperwork or documentation to obsolve this marriage
Yes and the paperwork needed and possibly the price
I don't seem to find any paperwork online except to modify or enforce
i want to know what the paperwork is and how I can sign and file before I leave on Sunday
The EEOC paperwork states 90 days
His paperwork is very confusing..he suffered a stroke and cant speak for self
but I don’t think this will be difficult. Is there paperwork that I can just file in the court?
What paperwork is needed to sign custody of a child over to one parent?
Or just where to find the paperwork to file for child support for my baby.
Yes i am one of the parties.... my kom needs the paperwork to get ssi for my daughter..... she is special needs
Will you be able help me figure out what paperwork to file based on my situation?
How do I go about changing my address on my child custody paperwork
Yes just need help finding an attorney who will file paperwork to the court to seal record that happens 17 yrs ago
I would like to find the paperwork please
ok. They only need help with filling the paperwork and directions on how to submit it
Thank you.  Basically all of the paperwork is done.  Someone just needs to get it in the hands of the judge
I've already got custody I just need the paperwork
I tried both of those and cant find where to print the paperwork that needs to be filled out
And I need to file a court paperwork about it so I can get some type of Court going on on my phone
I don’t know how to retrieve the paperwork to flie
