Ud me iba a buscar servicios legales gratis
But I am willing to go beyond Washington if necessary
Mostly cash assistance would be most helpful. An emergency hotel or motel voucher would also be great
Now I can go bend someone else's ear LOL
It's a black BMW 2013 that I bought in auction.
I flew in to nyc on feb 6, 2020 for this court matter and it was adjourned until March 12th
or if it's important to keep those two arguments separately
Says diy forms are not e-fileable,  just curious how I can file
they throw a dead cat in the yard. pee on the roof
and is it even a crime to obtain an OP under false pretenses
Joe certain .Cam I be that ur legit?
Services I was supposed to get from FREE were not reimbursed though it was implied I would be in my 66,000 annual budget.
Oh, darn. Oh well, I copied it all already
He is their uncle so it would have to be some organization that offer services for kinship caretakers.
i used it and left message for the chief clerk.
I think I’m going to have to go to the news agencies - so many orgs and bob can handle this matter - so disappointing
do you know if i have to develop my i own bill of particulars form
If my mom passed in 1992, what form do I need to diy in collecting unclaimed funds totaling $5k?
My fiancé is in jail facing serious charges
however there are extenuating curcumstances which i believe warrant the change in custody
they say can’t let my baby father have Dv from shelter
Also NYS kept a portion of my Government stimulus that was not applied to my account
I don’t think they do criminal stuff either
Im going to go outside to call because i. Ant rake it the beam is on my leg and head
Will they also deal with the retaliation and discrimination? Or do I need another referral?
I do not have a custody agreement but I wish to initiate one
Is this fraud on her part. Maybe press charges??
My decease brother pension plan with nycers beneficiary was changed
does it mean i no longer will receive section 8
Jason, my husband and I divorced and final in January of  2019.
his fiance actually pays for it and is his beneficiary as well.
I need to know what form to change the venue
i was waiting for you find one or two other options
I have never made or had a child custody agreement as it was included in my divorce agreement
then it rained hard so he was left in the rain. Although the other niece called ambulance
this is not a as far as I understand a part of the agreement but has become an uprising concern with situations and recent actions.
I received a letter from JTG Master Plumbing regarding LL152 Gas Inspection Proposal. They are asking for $599. Is this a mandatory inspection?
He left shares of st ock worth 100 thousand dollars
I used a general custody form downloaded from NYCourts. I use it in Orange and Westchester but was rejected in Sullivan
During all this I was in hospital having stents put in. I am single, 65 and this more than I can handle.
Def smaller... Its just really to gain access to his account: email, phone, small stuff like that
can we put 2 voilation incidences on the same general for gf-41  they are the same violation
Ok , entonces eso no funciona como violencia domestica
i was on that page i need like a youtube video to guide me
i fit on tat category i have unemploynebt cghecqs
everything Just about my mom myself & my girlfriend bought her through her life they took
Goodafternoon. My name is Marie A. Whitehead. I need these  matters handled discreetly.
Her father filed Jan. 25 2021
Tienen alguna fecha para abrir
My name is Stacey and I need to know more about a certicate of voluntary administration .
How many days do I have to go ahead to make an appeal before it is too late?
i called a few lawyers a, they need retainers of 7500, 4500. U don't have any savings anymore. Started with 15,000.  ; now paycheck to paycheck
I received a letter fronthe professional conduct officer of the office of professional discipline regarding a settlement to misconduct i have no more details
She has a flight to get here Tuesday and a return flight for her and our son for Wednesday.
A Mental Hygeine Lawer could help me I had one in the past
I SCOURED THE PAGE AND COULDN'T FIND IT. I ALSO GOOGLED IT AND COULDN'T FIND IT
Yes...I need custody  papers mailed to me
Okay - so would i use the modification petition for ex parte or is there an ex parte form
Can you direct me on what form I can appeal the stimulus check?
I was incarcerated for six years for DUI I have no valid driver's license
I am more concern of his safety the father of my child is a convicted felon and is affiliated in a gang
The situation will be desperate sooner than later under the circumstances.
Regarding special education services, privacy & information regarding education services that may be released or being  requested.
Can you help ne or point me in the right direction?
i want to at least wrest control so that it’s my judgment that guides the situation
both my wife and i are 64 and struggling to make ends meet on SSDI, SNAP, HEAP, and the STAR program
i suspect he has gone back to leaking information to family members so when he takes the estate, they'll be on his side.
The receipt is from a rental agency. He is saying that he only recieved 950 from them. They also haven't answered. Thats another big part
(remember the hundred of orgs I mentioned that can help? do you remember where to find them?)
Because our organization is providing mental health services, so we need to seek approval from the Office of Mental Health in order to incorporate
Of course I hate the thought of pursuing legal stuff and being that guy, but at this point I have no other recourse.
Sry I see it I pressed the wrong one.
Where would i find what i am legally entitled to document wise
preferably someone who is not going to charge me for a clarification
I have successfully filed 2 documents with NYSCEF.
the passport is just for vacation purposes nothing else
Everytime i go on page it jumps bavk to here
she was paying her via Western union or cash or cash apps
She is also assigned to my aftercare, includes  stitch removal, prescribing followup pain meds etc.
I’m willing to set a minimum payment plan with them
I need help feeding my family and con Edison is going to be shut off
I do have a question but it seems like you'd be unable to help
everything she say she was going to do the next day she did it
multiple complaints never been resolved, unsafe living environment, health hazard , dangerous
Hi! Thank you—my question concerns UCCJEA
So you know how I could be listened by the virtual court?
Some kind of connection to criminal court clerk office perhaps?
Me too. He’s my boyfriend. It’s hard to watch all this going on and not know how to help him
hello, I was surfing the internet in attempt to locate a stipulation of settlement (free form) on a divorce case.
Do u offer couples mediation services?
This is very bad news. What are other options left for withdrawing my petition?
Does a cop have to read you your rights if they arrest yoy
That’s okay. Is there a different resource outside of NYC? I’m not in the boroughs.
I have kept communication open with Mr . Hayden. I have documents, emails and texts.
but to make the payment and then the deed was suppose to switch over to my name once paid off
As I mentioned earlier if I'm late on a payment all hell break loose
I want to file a lawsuit against nycha for not making repairs to my apt
where can I find the 16 or more rental apt.laws  regarding the building owners responsibilities in mold ,pest,rodents   in rental apts in nyc ?infgestations?
Meat department in a large grocery store chain
it makes a huge noise before 6AM everyday
in their system so the next woman sitting in that cell wont go through the absoul
Are you familiar with how NYS prisoners deal with their finances?
T shirt 👕on and y t shirt 👕on and seven days and 7per and 5Gulton and
I need  4-11, f-24 and 4-17 forms. How do I find them.
but I’m afraid it’s may be enough
do you know where i can find to stay for a couple of days to gather
that employee was negligent not disclosing prior exposure
although I was not late as per NYS 5 day grace period
looking on how to amend an affidavit for voluntary administration.
He is an alcoholic n I have a child too who’s minor
I just resived a payment ladt week from them so idk what is going on
I’m on the web side where I have to go to. File the form?
My husband Sincere chappelle din 11a237 is seeking legal representation for claim  on neglecligence and failure to protect against NYSDOCCS
Hi, I need help to unseal my brother's aparment. He died a few weeks ago
I want to revoke a Renunciation of Nominated Executor
In essence, I am allowing the original agreement to pause.
Si esta bien, lo entiendo
I recently received letter from the Marshal about wage garnishment. I have less than 20days  to pay 6,000.
Any orginizations tht fight for homeless family's.
Ok one more question is a bench warrant the same as an arrest warrant
We came to an agreement and she has been not abiding fully but the agreements we made.
It was a mtg servicing co not the actual bank that owns the mtg
I am scared of him as I took control of my salary for 3 weeks now.
There are 3 paint chips that are quarter sized.
They have made threats of physical harm to me and the one tenat was arrested on 3 different charges. Currently waiting trial.
My brother Janes Hatcher at the Plaza is being harrassed by staff in the BX rehab.
Hi I have a question pertaining to wills and estate
Quick question - I am from the NYS Unified Court Systems Help Center
Also  are character witness letters allowed in the court as well
as the agency is a forprofit agency, i would like to file a formal complaint with supervising agency.
I really need someone who can intervene with the VA about the apportionment
Ok so for rounding sake if i make $35,000.00 they would subtract $5252.00 from that then it would be 17% of that?
child services has been useless. They have made no surprise visits
Dren and then spent thousands on a bat mitzvah party snd now he’s crying poverty to me
I am also looking for  a ttime frame as this may need to be done quickly.
Oh I already have the NYCB referral service
It’s about a furniture contract I’m disputing
who came from a different country on finance visa
Having to deal with my ex is like having an incompitent bad business partner that you can't fire!
can he lose the half of the legal custody granted to him by the court
I’m having problems with an upstairs neighbor and noise
I’m conducting legal research to determine my rights or path of recourse regarding the municipality that I live in.
I may lose the signal anytime ,this is my email: hajeraljahmi@gmail.com
i need to know if there is a real debtor prison?
I'm suing some.onenthat acted a realtor and scammed me outta 10,000 dollars
We are being denied service because we are unable to wear masks.
Would the department of vital records honor an international order?
My child father threatened me and keep using the baby as a pawn
Unbelievable I'm not in town till next week this is absurd?
I just need to know basicaly where i can go in my borough to seek help
And I filed a peition asap after she disappeared... so I have not worry about this... right?
no shges still with her dad because the boyfriend is harrassing her and she c
It is regarding my dad. He not incapacitated but he is not well and my sister is using that against me.
I am a very very minority small business owner with 0 employee
they are saying that she has to physically come into the office to sign
My rights have been violated by the mental health clinic on September 17 2018 and still no help from on one
But he restricted my airway and gave me a black eye then hit me twice the next day. This I cannot let slide
Borrowers repayment action or assitance e plan
Hi, I am sara, owner of milanblocks, recently i am sued by my website is not ADA complaint.
Muy bn y un poco peeocupado
you can access auto buyer info from your ID passport(dr license) from your dr license 10 year transcript? [thru car title and original registration] correct?
Hi. I have a question regarding an auction foreclosure
I don’t know what to think or do. She left her shelter and didn’t sign in or out
but I assumed, beforehand, that it would have been under review already
so i received subpoena one through mail and one inperson
The DA charges were added to the grievance committee for some strange reason
I filed online through the labor nyc page online
Likewise . Happy Thanksgiving to you and your loved ones.
I turned her into code enforcement and department of health no one will help
She is technically still married to her ex husband
Ok so that means they can still garnish my wages or bank accounts?
i also have the file# and Docket # also if needed
(Just assume I don’t meet any of the specifics categories)
But no there is zero communication and zero compramise and total alienation
Are there  any free legal resources for employees whose workplace has a Covid outbreak and violated OSHA guidelines?
To justice because I’ve been denied overtime for 4years
So I can come up with an idea and present it to the magistrate and see what he and the magistrate say about it?
Hi Latoya, I have a general question about the difference between mediation and litigation
That was trained to do CPR and they had narcan kits on their waistband of the belt
My letter says I was found indicated and if I want to appeal i have to mail to Albany.
Would you know if emancipation documents are available online or is that not your area of expertise?
my question is if i am unemployed between june 20 and august 20 will i not be eligible because I no longer an unemployed
I received an envelop that has default divorce judgement .
i need to have a lawyeer reperesnt me on immgration aapplication for visas
need someone with knowledge and experience abbout this particuliar progrgram
his name is Juan Antonio Hernández Rosas
I would appreciate any helping hand.  I fear for my life if I were to become homeless!
I have a question regarding infant from newborn until the age of 2
there are no visible marks , but a lot of phsycollogival avbuse
Wrongfully termination breaking employee confidentiality
I will be more than happy to take the survey when it’s prompted .
How long do I need to wait to apply for a modification if I sign this agreement?
Dmv is trying to suspend my drive licenses due to child support im on plane and they take 37 50 a week.
I thought this was tax help lol sry
He charged 16,000 dollars and I have paid 13,000
In real estate foreclosure auctions, who are the bank checks will be made out to in NYV
In NYS, what are the parameters for emancipation or constructive emancipation?
thw charge is assault 3 degree
I have proof ( taped conversation of him giving the other side our strategy and discriminating against me
111 Dr. Martin Luther king Jr. Blvd
Estoy intentando guardar este vinculo
There are others who do this to...after watching how easily he can go it.
do you know if SCU is still suspending licenses?
23or 24 she was barn in 1997 Jun 8th
I understand. I apologize, also I appreciate any and all help/information  you can give me.
I have been calling grey hound , they found my luggage in dallas at there warehouse.
Hi. I had a few questions regarding obtaining guardianship of a minor
Specifically the family tree affidavit section
questing 3. That letters [ ] testamentary [ ] of administration [ ] of trusteeship [ ] other (specify) ... father had a trust, do we include  that with the filing?
It’s simply a two page document
so if i chance my name everything is wannna chance right
Aetna paid on 1/28/2020 for my ER visit on 12/31/2019
Is nys a single party consent for voice recordings?
also will this include j formation if they can charge for carpet cleaning on normal wear and tear form my deposit ?
In my voicemail they may say it’s harrassment however it was not consistently long term
Yea no that why the court was shock they see I wasn’t there
ok this is fairly involved which I hope I can  condense adequately
I have a scheduled examination before trial on next Friday
That would be great can I explain a bit more of my situation so maybe u can understand better
Ok so u mentioned June 18th. Therefore it was extended?
2,kids here. Multiple families with,kids relying on cellular devices to minimally get by
I don’t know what to do and how to reverse all this but everything was done wrongly and rushed
One notable exception may be Peter, who does a podcast there
Anyone with experience of applying for not-for-profit corporation would be great!
her father has her lie I can’t deal with anymore
I want to be removed from the sex offender registry
You did amazing! We will continue the training in a couple minutes.
i have filed for probing services and was unlawfully denied
I would rather not... honestly I’m terrified
Someone else within the service is treating me differently than everyone else
I wan to divorce using the no fault but is it says I need to swear under oath. How do I do that?
I am actually located in Virginia, near Washington DC
Actually I am not planning to go there but the company is based there
Yes...I want to report unfair labor practices to the NLRB...I need a mailing address for the NLRB
Do I still need to file a separate Contempt of Court form?
Out of courtesy I paid April and may the section 8 portion
then after cops almost arrest me for non payment
In which landed yo admit her on psychotic  clinic
Both father of child will sign she is his and soon to be ex will sign she never was his
I am unsure what I am supposed to put for the findings of fact
I’m ha omg trouble locating custody form UCC JEA
Al diligenciar las formas a q dirección debo enviarlas
My dog bit someone one and now I am being sued
I need a notary.  Do you know of any virtual notary services?
I’ll take a look. I appreciate your help! It’s a little complicated as well because his father owns the building.
ops nevermind! I saw 9am to 9pm
I do.  It is not addressed, or specifically laid out in our agreement.  Only that we split the college expenses
I just have a general question.  Not seek legal counsel at the moment
What is dcree granting limited letters of administration
My father died in a hospital unexpectedly, I believe due to wrong course of treatment..... Possibly discrimination.....
Does the second option provide representation in court?
I was fined,license revoked and they are expecting to pay them over$1000 to reinstate my license.
I was about 7 when during the baptism a priest was removing my clothes until I was naked in a church.
the other one is Asian organization located Chinatown NYC
building is 2465 Palisade Avenue, Bronx 10463. No mail delivery in about one week
I already did the diy form amd downloaded
I’m a filmmaker and currently making a film
It was 170 franklin st buffalo like 2 weeks ago now it’s empty
Queria saber si me podria ayudar
I have a hearing over the phone on Wednesday June 24, 2020 With the department of labor
An administrative hearing has been set for me.  CPS is trying to make an incident I had stick as substantiated.  How do I approach this?
I had a great team at FJC, and a weekly therapist and everything
We are nearly hysterical that this Court has done nothing but make racist remarks about me
In court we came to agreement that I would be with the baby on the weekend
and I want to explore my options to appeal the decision
Ya know, the important part. Lol
but that is TPS, isnt different with biden will propose
I found it I was pressing the wrongs three dots
very, and incomprehensible to me - you go to court, win a judgement and cannot collect
That was supposed to be the resource concerning preparation for a fair hearing.
how do I go about obtaining legal help from this website
It was stabilized. I’m currently staying in Brooklyn
I need advise regarding automobile complaint
do you know if I have any legal recourse against instacart.com (grocery shopping and delivery) for just deactivating my account with no explanation?
He left everything to his grandson, my great nephew, but could it be contested?
any idea when lenox hill neighborhood house/community center will be  reopening
So justice stays delayed, therefore denied?
Private I believe, Eastchester Heights LP
the attorney for mortgage company refiled a duplicate les pendes (sp)in 2018 ( original was in 2015 for just my husband)  and now it includes me..
Per say say instead of 56k a yr there go to 40k a yr
TY! TY! TY!  I was lost w./o your help.
I eventually caved in because birth control is a basic need that u have.
so I have pictures of my knees after the fall on July 3rd 2020 a d my knees still have discoloration from the fall
Im try to either retrieve my old passport from the National Passport Agency because it is still valid and not expired or expedit the renewal
I mean is one of these organizations preferable to another?
He was terminated on October 23 and filled a complaint on November 2, 2019
nok, was not prepared for this so can i sign in, this week and do this when i am set up properly?
You have to read the kind of phrasing they use: always poorly styled but also always preposterously negative toward outsiders and underlings
I checked that website and the form are limited. They do not provide what I need.
Actually, this matter is probably very much on the simple side . . .
Seems like there is a program on lawhelp that walks through the form
This is in regards overpayment  from SSI form ssa632
i cannot remember where the forms are online to DIY tsupport enforcement and
OK, your entry was cut off at the top, please resend - tx
We paid for my stepson's health insurance but now he is 21.  Are we obligated to keep him on our insurance?
My x-wife is refusing to comply with the divorce agreement
She's stolen everything I own, turned off the utilities and must be held accountable.
The company is based in NYC and is a wildly known nonprofit.
Arrested for violating parole penal code 220.39 does that mean jail tine
The paper giving agent was written signed and notarize in 2018.
its a total overreach of government and im terrified about the power that seems to have gone to our leader's heads
I know he has a legally enforceable obligation with the I864 form
i am being sued by a debt collector and I go to court soon what can I expect when I go
I am executor of my father will and need to finish the estate, because of covid-19 this has been difficult
and left it filthy.  The apt is old but we have videos that they left the apt filthy and left furniture inside
i am very well known i was a huge promoter in nyc , and that little boy changed my world
crime victims needs this albany th for your help gby
Its a non smoking building and the landlord isnt doing anything about the other residents smoking and the smoke travelling to our unit
No. I know that my privacy is being invaded and the techniques used are malicious.
If I am queens, should I assume there is a queens DA version of this as well?
I had a bad depression problem, economical and so on..she use to threatened me
I'm currently paying on a dishonored check in a court misdemeanor c wanted help on seal that from background check
the severance package they're offering is for 8 weeks pay.
on april 21st and apr 22 nd
quick question regarding obtaining letters of testamentary via the  NYSCEF website.  Do I need to also file a Probate petition  as well.?
I am not located even near. My sister is located in Nyack
The other day nothing would go thru for me either
i need to file to have a court declare him dead
Well I woudl love to have a blank form instead of this program.
it is make little bit complication to me , may i share with you my problem in detail ?
i want to run my sober household where I have paid to iive for them
I believe that I was targeted, attempted to be managed out and then wrongfully terminated
Support in tn. Can u still help
Thank you they did nothing with him he have machines and pipe or in the bathroom welding and I have videos
Will they help in Onondaga Co.? It's not the Capital District.
Well I already went through one with conflicting results
Ok I thought there was but thought it was the stimulus check could not be garnished.
That would be extraordinarily helpful. I have a stack of very specific questions already.
are there any extenuating circumstances that are an exception and can be filed sooner?
And just looking as I mentioned to turning legalize into English for me to be totally clear on my understanding of just a few secitons.
sdrawkcab gnipyt si retupmoc ym
THe Co-Op is taaken out a loan to have a Major Capitol improvment undertaking
I’m looking for a special education advocate or atty
would pictures or videos of my ex smoking and  handling weed be useful?
Need witnesses to sign Will.  Can my Town Clerks sign as witnesses
The customer filed a suit  to RECOVER MONIES ARISING OF DEFECTIVE REPAIRS
Now SS wants almost 4,000 dollars in repayment
Puede ser mañana a esta misma hora
Additionally, do witnesses have to be present at time of notary or can witnesses sign and notary is only for principal and agent? Thanks!
the court increased the amount vi-weekly from 266 to 357 plus 2,525 that I supposedly owe as retroactive payments
I think it will little bit be hard for me to file it on my smartphone
May I explain the situation in order to be directed to the appropriate counsel
I found the main number, everything is postponed for 45 days.  Thx...
I don’t know witch one I need yet ty
I received a transcript of my divorce decree, but it contains an error how can I fix it?
Present: HON. PETER J. KELLY SURROGATE
They also never provided me with a carbon monoxide alarm I fitted one myself
I have to file a petition, is that a form nycourts provide or I just write a letter, that's the part that's unclear
set up & lots of snitches - threats r literally everywhere for me right now
I took a grey hound bus from Raleigh north Carolina on the 21 of December 2019
my situation is that my upstairs neighbors are using a thermal camera to scann everything i write
an attachment is there a format to include a 2nd sheet?
are filing answer.  improper service, wrong amount, amount already paid.
it sounds like you're being evasive with ulterior motives
Just want the form not to go through LawHelp Interactive. Smh
VA Petersburg office says I OWE around 12k
i will like help on filling a for my daugther costudy
I can see the groups that offer remote services.
and th ey scann my pc my phone my text
Or if you can direct me to somebody who can help me with that I would be grateful
he gets confused and worried and high levels of stress enhance that condition
a doorman in a building and denied entry into the building, l was also assaulted/harassed by this same
I am looking for a Hate crime  Lawyer  me and my family are being harrased and victims of  hate crimes
He owes me over $7,000. I know I won't see that either.
WALKING IS TOO PAINFUL WITH SPINE AND DAMAGE TO NEURMUSCULAR BUT IT HAS BEEN FECAL MATTER IN THE APT, ABESTOS ANDN MOLD STILL
I wish to shift to F2 and become her dependent.
My mom died from virus April 18.Need to execute her will.I am Executor and sole heir.Total estate approx $525000.00
They were an organization that helped me when I was doing the custody battle with my ex-husband
Nassau detention center 100 carman Avenue East Meadow New York 11554 this is the jail and I don't have the mail code
No we just included an amount in our separation agreement when we filed for divorce
never defaulted on thoses pymts he did..i really need a an attorny
Hi I am going to court for excessive assessment of taxes can you suggest any items to prove tgat
irretrievable grounds needs a swear under oath. How do I do taht?
I plan to appeal when the letter comes in the mail
It’s says this at their eligibility restrictions and I couldn’t understand if they help or not
I’ve been receiving mental health counseling I’m so stressed I don’t know what else to do
I have been forwarded for arbitration howeve AAA is imposing ICDR on me.
I appreciate your help Katie I am debating whether we should file inside or outside
The Dept of Education is investigating this last claim/complaint. The Dept of Justice EEOC might also investigate RPI in the near future.
Each shareholder will be assesssed for the loan based on there shares
I have court day on January 9 2020 at 9am
which edds should I select when i go to summit the document
It’s been almost 3 weeks already.
Is there a similar form for another nyc cout?
you mean North Carolina court system?
Hi Michael, I have a question related to a recent Marijuana offense I was hoping for some direction on
Thank you so much. He suffers from Bipolar and I do not trust him with my daughter unattended. especially after making those threats
Am looking for steven sheped i think that his name
I did it and paid 200$ for lock repair. I have receipt and photo and video proof that problem was inside lock.
I have a question about unemployment and certifying going forward
management is offering me section 8 for a one bedroom but I currently have and need two
A high functioning mentally challenged adult
mom really just wants to know what her rights are, I strongly encouraged her to document incidents when inappropriate moments have occured or will occur
assuming proof of payment history from unemployment etc
No transfer is necessary. I heard that there is a DIY modification form. Do you know if this exists?
She disappeared Friday Nov 8th and I filed the day after veterans day, Nov 12th ...
To sum it up: Are the teachers allowed to make screenshots of our messages
I go to NAMI support group here in INDIANA.
The bottom line is my mom named me as the executor of the will
Please join my meeting from your computer, tablet or smartphone.
I dropped the one I had cause me and her came to an aggrement but it backfired on me and she disappeared
I really hate their biological father he’s evil
i was going thru postpartum and dealing with a lot mentally when I made the decision to go to court
it pulled up a few accounts i can make which one do i pick
Based on the court of appeals ruling yesterday, I read that I could request in advance a secure testing location to take my bar exam
Fair treatment, because if proven, this is some form of discrimination
The barrister who says he is dealing with my girlfriend is a James herm
changed shift when found out I went to EEOC
I received right to suit letter from EEOC
2. Building was withouth eat for 7 days
yo como madre solo busco darles los mejor para ellos y su estabilidad fisica y emocional
hi, I have virtual court hearing in March 2nd. The debt collector is suing me for unpaid debt
I have a technical question about a situation regarding custody
draw up a support petition which is scheduled for sept 28th.
No homeowners insurance agency will cover the pre existing damages.
Married, a divorce is underway but my husband is stalling on it and am in need of support. It is not official yet.
Where the other party accept that he made a sudden left turn
To prove relationship between father and child either utility bills etc.
The full price including the repair and the replacement of the engine is about $16200
can i file a small estate administration, and then if more assets are found begin a large administration?
Some banks require a certified copy of a POA... and some banks don't
I felt so helpless when I browse thru the website
Do blood siblings have any rights to visitation when one sibling lives with a different family member?
Sorry should have specified, it is also a Freddie Mac owned mortgage.
but they are giving me a run around and this has been going on too long now
I am a kinship guardian and my sister is listed as a successor Guardian how can I remove her name from the court papers
Ya that's what I thought too. How do I know if a form I find online is "real" or "good"? Such as the DPOA?
It says on dec 10 wich prays for a final judgment eviction  awarding to the petitioner the posession of the premises
However, I did not  know what to do next, keep in mind of covid19
I am an LGBT, I fear to return beck to my country because of the treatment that I went through
Can I sue a coworker for spreading lies of adultery?
But two days ago it is getting really cold at night. I was freezing awake. See the inside is 52……I was like what.s going on…
do you know where I can find an accountant for tax purposes?>
Hi Michelle, this is Michael and I have only one question, if I may.
how long do they typically give you to seek counsel?
There are holes in the porch, screens out, hole in ceiling that finally got rough patched, and poor heat.
i need form affidavit of voluntary adminstration
Hi I have a question I might be evicted in 14 days what do I do
I need to file for guardianship for someone who is in a coma
Well that is better news because I didn’t kno what to do before
An advocacy group might be a better choice.
I am 74 with heart disease and joint problems and some dementia
no one is 20 and the other one that will be 18 in April I am having him wait until he turns 18
can this be done on my smart phone because I think it might be my computer that is not allowing to save?
And how can we know which part could be regard as normal wear and tear?
(I know we have referrals for certain categories - but I think this question might make someone uncomfortable)
Active duty military personnel currently being investigated
Hi I went to the dentist during Covid for extraction of one tooth yet they pulled more teeth than needed
posted slander online and raised an angry group of supporters to also attack my businesses and send me threats
Bottom of page 19 continuing onto page 20.
Do u know if inmotion is still operating?
I need to also have my husband involuntarily committed for mental observation
this would have been in late 2015 early 2016
my neighour sued me saying I owe him money-which is not true
I am a veteran as well if there are any organizations in the area that help veterans.
i havent spoken to her in over a week, and i know nothing of her where abouts is thislegal from his part?
I have been discrimibated as a pet owner by the Real estate agency.
I just received the papers on sat the 16th and court is feb 9th via online
need to know  if i can give them a written demand letter
plus they know i am on the autism spectrum and have a history of depression
Two weeks ago, I also have a fair hearing for dss on the 22nd
like the guards they are required to install them.  is it the same for window gates for fire escape.
my husband was present and signed both passport forms
and vice versa.  and we both know love will win
Well my grand fathers will i would lile to read
My child stays with me and during the summer goes visit her father from 8am to 6Pm
(there is an appeal under review in the Appellate 2 dept)
Would like a blank sample letter of CONTINUANCE INTO THE courts in CENTRAL Islip Federal COURT.
I don’t see one for oppositions to their “evidence”
WRONG FUL TERMINQATED , FALSE ACCUSED
This is good, unless you think I may need more info/resources?
By Justice James H Shaw Jr
I need to know what an part-time superintendent is responsible for?
One is located in Brooklyn and the other one located in Chinatown.
he is continuing scamming other for million dollar amount and I want him to stop
The internet and cable ppl are ready to come in,for,installation but the,property,manager says NO. We all want access to,internet and cable tv
the whole staff at fedex know the situation
Can you help me with questions regarding probate court and specifically wills?
Dr. Mark Hamby owns EVERYTHING
I signed a separation agreement in August, now there is a dispute on wether or not I am owed vacation days
Well to find out in general about outstanding warrants
then  I also have an invoice dated 4/27 stating the balance due was 588.  .which was 294 plus 294
I cannot figure out what I might be eligible for, let alone how to apply for it.
Would they reclassify me as self-employed or bump me off Ui?
The only co pays is for prescription and dental and glasses
Can I charge the subletter more than half the share of the apt? If so how much more?
No need to apologize. I will go over this now as a group cus a few of you had questions about this.
Then he came at the end of 2016 and begged me to take him in for couple of weeks cuz his roommates kicked him out
and whether they need original death certificates or other docs
he also fabricated my hospital from queens Elmhurst hospital to NJ Inspira hospital
On the safe side I may have to go that route.
it caused a lot of mental frustration and family stress.
No problem. They must be there because the clerk was very specific about what they contained but I couldn't find them.
False Advertising and Misrepresentation as it pertains to COVID procedures, safety, and business practices
They are a big trucking company based out in texas
I read that unless he had gone to court he should not have done this
We need help...my lil man shouldn't have to go threw that...please help me nd guide me to right direction for this lil boy boy...
ok so once i register the divorce decree can  i then petition on that same day or would i need to wait
if we not sever the paper in the cour twill be cancel
Are there any legal office in the Washington heights area
the sublease agreement has this language: EARLY TERMINATION. The Sublessee(s):
Hi Lindsey, I'm a little overwhelmed. I was hoping that you could pint e in the direction of someone who could offer me immediate advice...
that was absolutly manipulation of the jury it was such a big lie it was the clsoing statement to the indictment
he has assets - stock market portfolio, real estate, cash, other investments
Ok there are two colors one blue and the other one green, which of the two I have to use?
Family's Irrivocable Trust was changed? Thought it could not for tax reason?
I’m immigrant but I came here for the father of my girls with alcohol problems
Thank you for what you done so far. I can breath again been holding my breath all along lol
I have contract of sale looking to stop sale to negotiate a Short
They thought it was stolen plates but I brought my registration and new plates to confirm it was not
From what I understand Pace women’s justice center still is not free you have to pay at least $2000
I have some questions about whether I am eligible for unemployment insurance. I read through the overview and fact sheet but still have questions.
Im a citizen immigrated from Italy almost 50 yrs ago
And yesterday there were 2 certified letters on the mailbox
HRA DSS wants me to repay a lien that is more than I am receiving
my paycheck is being garnished from a hospital bill in 2014 when i had full insurance and was covered.  how can i get this stopped
i need help proving to UI that I am entitiled to UI while abroad
My Uncle lived alone was former professor of psychology at University of Buffalo
no. and their web pages just offers a blank form
So I just fill out the CS 4-11, save it as a pdf and then upload to EDDS
How do find out if they have to abide by the governor’s moratorium
Ok si me interesa llamaré a solicitar una cita
plus the penalty I paid around 1750
The rape and the church are thetwo major reasons I want to sue
she neglected to send parts that prove I am not racist and is creating a picture to aid her own agenda/ witch hunt against me
Las year I had a slip and fall down 17 stairs at a Hotel I was staying at.
any other feedback you can share knowing more of the situation and my frustration?
Understood. I am familiar with that. Makes perfect sense. One more  question she had....
ok, can I keep this window open at least for 20 min?
Hi. I need records that prove I paid child and maintenance payments to SCU in the year 2004
”I’m a dead man”
Someone else signed his certificate could I still file one ?
And also the initial arrest was also my rights was violated
My half sister is playing dirty and does not want me to see my ill dad. She claims she does not know me.
Also, if I cannot locate my Greencard or the passport with the original stamp how can I find my greencard number?
Angela Rivera vs Samuel McHan
Also initially I was stopped in traffic, searched and nothing was found then detained for hours with no reason
Community center run daycare. Boss would like to close for safety reasons but worried about employees being paid.
What forms do I need to sue my insurance company
now I have a hearing and I think maybe that’s why I was also denied
(ravine - te puedes quedar hasta las 5:20?)
I'm unsure of the rights of runaway youth and what constitutes a runaway "youth"
yea let me lay out the situation.. maybe we can go from there
Is it Medicaid's right to take all remaining funds?
cause I’m in the military and currently on a rotation
it’s $50 up to the 15th then $100 late charge
I am the noncustodial as well. Forgot to mention that if it makes any difference
also I do not see any option to file it online
The 3 one came to me in March 2020
I did it online and mailed it in. And i haven't gotten any response yet!
they extra 600 did not take affect until April 2020
He hits me then they lie on the statement and I'm kicked out with nothing no where e to go and can't see the babies
They say it would automatically be done, but it wasnt
is it possible to briefly expalin, the visitiaon under the articel 4 .. 5.. 6.. ?
I e filed. So I forgot which website I can check
I really need to speak.with someone in regards to my payments !
How can I find the original deed plus the false deed
hi so how do I determin if I should pettion the court on asupport matter
I honestly don’t know if this was a court decision. I’ve never been through this situation.
Juan Cruz phone 305-336 6885, address 2343 Valentine Avenue Apt 4F, Bronx NY10458
Do the NYC options only pertain to incidents that occurred in NYC?
Y cómo debo hacer para inicial ese proceso
I have court for the petiton he filed Feb. 17th
if there another form where the defendant can add their  ancillary?
Where can I find the form on this website to petition DSS for my License through a payment arrangement
otro abogado quien me pueda representar?
but I’m married to someone else, who I’m separated from
I no longer wna deal with this drama and broken system sir i dont wna deal with it honestly
No, those organizations would be very glad that a native-born, hetero while male had been discriminated against. Any non-racist organizations you might reccommend? Thanks.
but I do not know how to download, and I never download sex movies
My husband is in San Antonio Texas...last I known
Sorry my eyes are real soar I been at this for weeks
I am panicking because I received the Lump sum of severance within 30days of my termination and ineligible for the unemployment
Hi, I’m being sued by Citibank and my wages can be garnished.
(Ie. March 29 was 30 days after the filing.)
I need to change it to maintain my legal status in the country
but she told me to stop slamming the front door because we share a wall. But I am not slamming it
I am grandmother my question is with grandkids that need to go city during this coronavirus
If balance is not paid  soon, they would restrict services to me that come with my rental agreement
December 4, 2019 received on December 10, 2019 and. I have 15 day to answer for the date of the 4th.
I was under the assumption that you were here the sight there could help me in the situation
bribed her with ice cream and other sugary snacks knowingly she is allergic to sugar
Whats the difference between filing on line, and filing with the country clerk?
She has heard about a "1034" that she think is presented by CPS to the court -- do you know what that is?
I don't think I fall under that category. I do typically make a decent salary
I would have fought against the speeding ticket had I known about all of this
Hi I need to apply for the short deal can’t find on the website
She gave consent for her to go via text message
He has become physically violent, but Ihsvw no peace of mind
Hi. I have a couple of questions regarding custody and vistiation
when i go on putative father registry where do i go on website to search
I understand, such an sensitive situation, he is a black male.  I
if I keep getting bothered for conversations from blacks I will do a death that’s it end the bullshit
Okay the troopers are who took it so they aren’t going to be ass holes to me ?
not immediate but my granddaughter is scared of her because past instances
I think it’s Jamaica but I could confirm
Hey so looking on my online balance why is there a $45 extra charge on my account
My girlfriend and I aren't married,  but she's having twins.  How do we split full rights?
recently myself along with other staff have been threatened that we would be “let go” if we don’t comply
I need orientation regarding marriage annullment and/or divorce
i can understand that too but she has revealed so much to me I figured why not address what you just did in 2 sentences
Do I need to go through court to be emancipated if I meet the requirements listed in the article?
PRAY WE STAY ON OUR SSI AND KEEP  OUR HUD ROOF OVER OUR HEAD B SAFE OUT THERE, OK HELEN URPHY NYC
I have multiple sclerosis.  Dizziness and chronic fatigue
Before Covid I knew what to do. I need to start a probate in Surrogates court. What's the new proceedure?
Is they want me to prove extraordinary circumstances in 2 weeks
charge would be under an endangering the welfare of a child charge. i want to pleas bargin down to a lesser charge.
2 questions, one is on NYSCEF and the other one is waivers / consents.
I have a separate court in a different city and they need the proof is why
my dad put a couple thousand in upstate med intensive care in his lifetime for three - six - nine months
like we had an argument no bruises no blood no marks no broken bones
ten dollars per day per child
I wish the court could have skype mediation for these folks just to avoid escalated situations.
At the support collection unit at 3455 veterans highway
No I will like to begin one . I’m still pregnant 39 weeks
Well the court gave me temporary custody after a domestic dispute. Do I file as a new or modification for this kind?
I received a bill for a student loan I did not know about.
when i chance my full name everything chance right  so have to chance my license  passport
thank you. i am awaiting legal representation but it seems that all the agencies are backlogged.
If the combined income is significantly more than 148K and the non custodial spouse only wants to pay net cap
I have a question about an estate matter for surrogate court
pero si puedo coseguir un traductor
I was hopeful that you could guide me in the right direction.
My only background is from 2005 convicted 2006 and i have a certificate of relief
what is the difference between legal and physical custody. So basically which would I direct my focus too?
Would you explain a little more about the scope of services offered?
I have the final conversation with Sarah and Nathan on audio file.
USPS has stopped delivering mail to my building in the Bronx.
I received a letter in the case pursuant ti copyright infringement
NYC, Brooklyn area code 11226
Thanks. Is there anyway that this question can be forwarded to Eric Tang, (rm.404, I believe, 141 livingston st
I can use my translator. It would take me a little longer.
I believe they took the whole stimulus check
becuase when i go into the webside is directing me to a program
They are both apparently written for the same day (May 14th)
I understand. I want to know who is lawny legal malpractice insurance company. I don’t need a referral for an attorney with lawny
I owe about 22k in Federal student loans
Can the code enforcement get in the basement although the landlord has locked the door and boarded up the other door?
It says In Session below her name.  Does that mean she's not on yet?
I have a situation that I don’t know how to go about handling
Class b felony drug possession
It says I need to file that along with the rji
will this give me an idea for essential worker right during the covid-19
Filed for divorse got index number already realized served defendant d iwhich form to use as  to reserve with non party to action
I't want to cal to customer service, but i lost my PIN, How can I reset it
I don’t have a computer or tablet but I just wanted to know how can I flie document on my iPhone
I’m ready for the survey...how do I access that John?
What can the alternative methods be? What has been done in similar situations... just so I can know as a referfence.
Ok, esto está estipulado por ley
despite anger tone and multiple emails I didn’t threaten anyone however need legal help
George ha r t zo g
I am concerned about how this will impact my pension savings (still an active employee)
in August of this year I was not allowed into NYC airport coming from my vacation in Italy
my child has anxiety, adjustment disorder and adhd
does the extention of the Governors mandaite mean that all evctions are put off till the begining og the year ?
the occupancy with the DOB says the building is 5 units but we have 7
Do you know is it legal for him to record conversation that he is not part of?
Hi! I have a couple of questions about my rights as a renter
i need to where can I go to dispute a court record that’s is on file
need to find a electronic testimony form for custody/visitation
Am I going to be eligible for unemployment after 2.5months? I am so worried
is child representation offered by the courts? if so, is there an age requirement?
Many many thanks I will definitely read and then Will investigate equivalent for Georgia
Is it legal mom write $15000 free gift exemption to others ?
What is the maximum amount am I allowed to file for in court?
You provided me with a 5 different organization regarding discrimination
They're with me and him and he just screamed in my face and nearly hit me
I turned this in to department of health and code enforcement no one will help
I am in need of help fo defend my childs rights this has been going on for much to long
hi . I have court for eviction on november 23 in si
I can see how others might use this as a scam.
Perhaps if I posed as an undocumented, transgendered, black lesbian Muslim they would take my case. Hmmnn ...
i have high bill from medial provider. your organzation can help?
theres nowhere i can write the reason of relocation
Yesss my lil girl has special needs
so from now to april 13, how do I calculate how much I owe? do you know?
Hmmm... A lot of my messages are being cut off in the middle...\
but I don’t know how many day should I allow him to see the child
I was the subject of two allegations and they found one substantiated category 2 neglect
our coop is refusing to pay for bed bud extermination
For context, I'm not planning on having anyone over until there's a viable vaccine. However, this seems like an over-reach on my landlord's part.
He has violated the entire divorce agreement and will start to catch up with payments but then defaults again.
It has been a major invasion of my privacy, and also the plantiff
as far as I am concerned, they basicaly stole all my household items....
Is it illegal for a utility company to shut off your gas during Covid?
To make it clear, I need to withdraw the petition for custody of mine just for the purpose of refiling it immediately.
The family are recent immigrants from Bangladesh and our students' mom needs help
Pretty sad when Secretary says for me to call inmate as well. Like has a private line. Forgive me i am disgusted
I reside in Orange but my ex resides in Westchester
I lauren coppa confirm the initial disclaimer
I am hoping that the action of standing up to my ex would make him obey the agreement going forward
do they know about the rights that nannies have with a G-5 visa?
no. I was already on their sites...I thought this was part of their intake
i have an unemployment insurance hearing on march 8th 1pm
I just hwd the baby for 3months and my company give a layoff letter
The order was entered January 13th 2010
are courts to specifically provide options of supervising agencies, or can i seek my own?
..searched men’s rights organizations
It frustrating that I can’t provide the proof.  If the proof comes from a individual person or the government, proof is proof.
class action lawsuit against Nissan defective transmissions
He was diagnosed with hydrocephalus at 88 after falling. He choose not to risk operation
it is very upsetting to my husband but we have no authority for heath anymore to help him.
Hi do u have to make an appt to restart a cs petition?
i know emmancipation isnt legal, what other options do i have
Also we own a local coffee shop of which she has refused to pay for hours of labor on for 3-4 weeks
I am not willing to trade my autonomy and self-determination for clean laundry. Can I get clean laundry while keeping my self-determination?
A legal separation, but we want to remain in the marital residence
Is there one for east Flatbush mill basin area
we need help to find how my brother in-law can be a guardianship of my mom inlaw
Will there be any charges against me if I refuse his visitation in the event he refuses me to pick her up on his weekend
I’m not eligible for that program because I already have Section 8.
i was furloughed at the end of march and later signed up for UI
This man was found to be willful in court but they don’t hold him in any standards
Highly unlikely, unless I have a sex change
That was widow on I also yet to help a diabetic in same boat mid aged no husband mine dead hers who knows
I had so many horror stories with collection unit...
Sorry I forgot to mention payments were being made but not in full
ok i forgot I also need an Extraordinary Circumstances for Custody
I share an electrical switch wiht my  neighbor
I need to contest Guardianship on behalf of a third party
TY, Andrew!  TY so much!!  I have been stressed to pieces about the thought of losing them
I bought a condo unit. It has an elevator noise. Sponsor does not want to insulate the ceiling. What can i do
I was awarded a judgment in my divorce. My ex-wife hasn't  paid any monies. What do I do to get my monies?
sadly, my adversaries have control over my phone and i have no privacy.  so i cannot avail myself of this option.
solo deseo estar preparado para enfrentar una futura demanda.
He has had bed sores. Low blood pressure attacks.  Roomate violent  sexually physical theft for years
There are two sets of dots shaded area or white area
I don’t know ! It’s the office in Hempstead
I was reported as fraud, and my bank locked my account
i am a vet that was terminated , accused , 6 yr union shop
I have not pressed charges but are taking other actions for consequence as would be grand larceny
they say i have to pay 17 percent plus 30% for Childcare , she makes triple my salary
I'm not defending Amy Cooper's behavior, just wonder about the legality of Christian Cooper's behavior (filming someone against that person's will)
Just curious how one can relinquish custody of a child.
I’m unaware of how I can file a violation so someone can help me with this
I was wrongfully terminated because of Racial and racist principles
Their father died of covid and they need help transfering the dad's bank account and other estate matters
concerned that his Mom might block me somehow
Stop foreclosure for Real Estate, sorry that's what I meant to say.
Do you know if a bill  S8125A lad been approved?
it was supposed to be rescheduled for May 5th but i cannot find it on any schedule.
One more question when is the stimulus check going to come
1. I have paid 95 dollars to research any bench warrant or judgement ( because his assets were frozen ).
lanlord keep teling me its a shelter that he can keek me out
i do not want to have to take her to court too, because i fear she will run and hide if it is mentioned
(well done!  just finishing up with Molly - hang on)
I have no choice but to just keeping going at it alone. Nothing will stop me from saving my beautiful perfect grandson
I was approved and after 2 weeks my account was blocked.
i have a class c violation in my apt and it also madde my daughte health. worse
Pension not to be received until I am 67yo.  I am currently 61yo
I took took them to court and the Marshall was scheduled to evict
The hole grew from a leak in february 2018 to 18 inches by 36 inches hole in september 2019
I have received mal practice from UPMC WCA hospital.
Hi Janelle,  I have applied for Medicaid for my mom and I am trying to use bills from 2017 to go towards her surplus income.
none yet i need a direction to go
Oh wow you are bomb!!! I will share this with my colleagues.
My address has been repeatedly robbed and our mail tampered with.
I don’t see any props at the bottom of the page
We have received in writing that ”non compliance will risk SD return”
I need help and have a lot of proof of misused finances and more.
it's my understanding that a forced sale would allow the homeowner to force his ex to sell, and would be relieved of the mortgage
Thankyou, I was hoping the courts had more guidance on this matter. Thankyou so much!! I will definitely check back in next week
a few others related to non-profit boards. Are you knowledgeable in this area?
There is also a lot of DV history in my background.
if the father has never been involved in his child life because that was his choice
no, this was over 5 yrs ago we filed, & only early this yr it finally came but only to my ex-husband
She has ignored my messages to her on returning my belonging from her storage provided to her by her insurance company.
i was falsely accused of harrasement by a co worker
also, If i do not need authorization do I mush arrange pick up and drop off? or it can be him doing it to?
Kitchen cabinet has a hole in it the sink area in the kitchen needs to be re-done
What is constituted as prenatal abandonment when she cuts communication?
the roommate who has brought another roommate is a family member
Is there a petition I can file in court to stop the equitable distribution pension payments to my ex-wife?
usually I use VLA but I don’t think they’ll have the resource to help me with this
I have a check that was turned in to d a went to court. Now its on my criminal background
nope thats enough for one day  :-)
y nosotros no lo conocemos y ya tien dos meses
and is LIFT a program that would need to go through court?
I am not happy with the services  ihad been receiving at the plaza rehab and nursing  center.
I am having trouble finding the form I fill-out and saved on your website.
vacating a judgement and restoring a driver license
There are 2 one for tanf and one for snap
Damarlie Lazarus 118-29 riverton st st.albans 11412
I filed an appeal. USCIS page says they recieved my appeal on February 25 2019
Because it says offices do not accept walk ins
the problem is that the mailbox with my mail in it is from a different unit
As they say because they are making upgrades but nothing has been done
The order was filed on June 11 and I received it on Saturday June 20
The sponsor in my building is still exercising voting control.
I never had a reduction in staff to lead to me have to change salary status.
As well as libel and slander causes of action
I d/k where to go...but i never heard of that. Is that true?
Hopefully because I already checked everywhere on internet
Meaning it’s a photo/ image of the PDF file
That's the short version. Also I have all documentation attesting to all of these facts.
it was to change a furnace filter that was new in july
I saw a chart that had percentages, bit it was confusing. Stayed anywhere from 30,000 to 40,000.
I need to sue a gynecologist who prescribed HRT, subsequent to same therapy I suffered a stroke.
The paper says kindly provided the missing stipulation of settlement that is referenced in both the plaintiffs and defendant's sworn affidavitts
I think that's it unless there are any similar organizations
yup. seventh precinct seaford was where I was booked
There was an fence installed but I have to get a town license. I need a legal description as part of the license.
or other options i am not aware of to be allowed to put this check into a special needs trust for her
Other false accusations which I never had a hearing for but its indicated I was neglecting my child
But being the Corona virus it has been prosponed till god knows when
Ohhh don’t you worry...I’ll be filing out the survey John and Latoya!
What about the amount that is in my CSEU account? Will that amount change prorated from any deduced amount?
I was recently Evicted, where and how can I obtain a cityfeph voucher
the land lord made the repairs i paid nothing for the repairs
So I’m safe to assume she did grant me one
I need to know steps to file a petition to examine the contents of a safety deposit box of a deceased significant other
okay quiero hacer una remodificacion del child support quiero cancelarlo
at Dec 2019 Strike Three LLC filed "Oder Granting Motion for Internet Service Providers to disclose indentifying information" against Doe Defendants in Orange County Miami
Hi Shanequa, this is Wantee. I was testing it out to see where you can see the campaign.
Spell clarification so you need the 3 dots and horizontal or vertical
as part of the non-parent caregiver grant criteria
She had the IVF treatments paid for by an organization (mostly)
i already used a program on your website and download the forms
ok looks lime seniors do not have great legal representation if ever needed
I meant non can handle.... not bob “”””
But it seems to only cover two misdemeanor charges. Or can you have tw removed and still have one
I don’t know , the paper gives the one of the my roommates
it started in 2017 of January when a male took a photo of me and put me on Facebook and formed a campaign against me
Do you know if there is exist any rules for part-time superintendent?
No is to file lawsuit against otda for termination of services
But the payment is made online...not through any of the options listed
Do you know if virtual notary services are still allowed after 8/5?
have a 3k judgment in my favor, order does not say plus interest.  can I collect interest?
Could you provide me with where to find legal guardianship papers as well?
My understanding is the drivers license can be revoked owing  $2,500 .. if that's true, how come it hasn
incluso llame 7186182155 y me dicen un mom
My question is just is not legal/substantive, it is just technical.  Where/how do I file these documents with the court?
I’ve already read that I have questions it doesn’t cover
We already have multiple discussion about not making unilateral decisions and he is just doing whatever he wants.
I have a general legal question regarding a matrimonial action.
No ,no reason they only take 50$ from the300 but cuz they already take 252 from my regular unemployment
Also, hat will she need to do regarding service on the other parties?
Under this logic they would rather have me go through an unwanted pregnancy than to decline a cancer screening
having trouble finding the forms online to fike
as well as has made her intentionally harm herself cause of his actios
and a recording of him saying he uses drugs and emails of him funding drug dealers
I meant after he “does” not “dies”
W6rk was manhatten park atv. Propfrtlong 4sland aod oew jersey
i have more questions regarding child representation and/or counseling
No, the Indicated CPS report could be amended and sealed
I would appreciate any help you  could possibly give or point me in the right direction of someone whom can actually sit down with me.
Then he gave her another pain medicine .all was in her IV
i have no legal representation at the moment so I am left to fend for myself.
I applied to self e-file and am waiting now for approval.
I do have a legal question regarding FMLA, actually
A power-of-attorney is needed for an aunt; possibly a guardianship for an uncle
Si esta bien, yo espero
The command has an investigation going on with the assistance of Naval Criminal Investigation Services (NCIS)
My concern is if there is a will and I'm acting with good faith will be there any legal negative consequences for me as Administrator
And her perspective is that she's making an effort and willing to do so so why is he unable
is it true late charges can be no more than $50 or 5% ?
I have a question about my aunt. She is hearing impaired.  She has Medicaid and ssi.
Can I apply for daca if I came in the USA  on 2015
they don’t have my name or apt number just video surveillance shot on a wanted flyer
Hi, I have been charged with criminal mischief 145.00(01).
Ok,thank you..I will go see what I can find
There is a petition on change.org for him with 2500 signatures also
Do know of any great local credit repair programs
I am  a  recovered drug addict   gone  cold turkey  almost a  yeear
I need to find out ASAP. I have to turn myself in on March 9,2020
i hope they help me out...im in a critical situation
I was on this page it doesn’t let me file online ?
I would appreciate if you could point me in the right direction
I was never properly trained by a "safety training procedure manager"
again - to cover the entire window with a fire escape.
im assuming the proof of unemployment date is my most important asset for proof of modification
Can you possibly give me a website that you fount or I can lokk
no rush. I have a PhD and spent four hours searching. I can wait as long as you need!
There isnt no quick sign over custody paper is there? Haha or do we have to go to court?
I put in for nycha safety transfer in May of 2019
They eat that much 2 teen boys lol
I apologize , I thought this services was provided by NYLAG
It’s a visa that allows you to stay in the USA for up to 90 days
I filed for a K1  visa but it was denied because we were married
go right ahead tha k you
Are any of these organizations especially adapted at helping me with attaining the certificate of disposition?
I need some legal advise for a stipulation agreement
The three criteria which you've enumerated does not apply to our situation.
when I log into my account it’s at negative 700 plus dollars
I think someone has infringed on my privacy rights
Which in turn brought up red flags at dol and they questioned the payments which then went against her with a overpayment with penalties  decision
He nor I have any assets that would need to be split. But we do have a child in common.
he did it before by hand and is now going to edit it on the computer based on our discussion
he is a parolee Someone who knows a lot about parole violators
Does the petition need to be signed in wet ink and notarized
I read that under Fam. Ct. Act ss 1028-a\
I may need an extension regarding unemployment
and another couple firms that say they only take wrongful termination  lawsuits
So the list 1 I should write mother,right ？
Cómo aplicar y ser elegible a sección 8
Can the co-op board insist on collecting special assessment during this Covid-19 pandemi
I have paid through an online source give me one second to check
Wyoming which is equal distance from Buffalo or Rochester
So technically there is a chance the court might say the child stays in FLa?
the parties wish to settle outside of court
He wouldn't say that to an officer or any authority of course
Evidence within multip agencies but need supena to obrmtain
my zip code 13329 but when I was being harrassed I was in 13452
ISN BEEN 8 BYEAR GOING Bakc and fourth and no on ehelping me
do you handle involuntary ch.7 bankruptcy against a non-individual ?
I was wondering if you knew how to request bail review under the new bail reform statutes
No. I have a piece if paper she wrote her giving me custody and she signed it.
The UN declared birth control a basic human right in 2014
Is it possible to file in country with a b2 visa?
She's been diagnosed with mental Illness. Shes been in & out of mental institutions.
instacart is grocery shopping and delivery service
My 6th grader has been excluded from remote learning for immunizations she has
I did purchase a ticket for them on 8/21 and he did take them to the airport.
I used the new pw, near let me creat a new password   error Forgot Password?
hay alguien quien me puede ayudar?
the stress has been unbearable, our loving happy marriage has turned into constant fighting, anxiety and depression
want to confirm that one of the partners in a domestic partnership could file for a separation or dissolve
by couse   she  had a broken  ankle and ligament  the  procedure was  a malpractice  of these  hospital
I need help with opposition papers I hired a pallageal and she bailed on me
Does him being incarcerated make filing for divorce harder
My dad who passed leftme 100, dollars ina joint power trust account. What should I do with the bstock especially with oct i, deadline
He has two misdemeanors in his background but has turned his life around.
I was once a Welfare Management Systems Analyst in Albany
That you may share with me. And if I do require legal representation can you provide me with organizations.
Need understand rights and a letter for deceased spouses debt
I just did a form for a small estate .went to make an account  then could not find my ans.
Looking for someone to advise on retaining a settlement in unconventional circumstances
are these free? With actual situation I’m a little broke
U need the custody hearing for the passport
My court hearing is in 30min. Located in the building that i am in currently.
Well she past front Coronavirus away in Regal Heights Rehabilitation and health  are center
Private small company with less than 10 employees
He didn’t allow me my visit for Christmas and spring break
Neither. It’s a 14 page Separation Agreement
Excuse my slow response and any errors there may be .
Well, I need to know what approach i should use: 1/ the fact he is refusing to collaborate with me on household matters .
My question is about my privacy concerns over a Virtual Video Touring
it’s the middle of winter I had to borrow shoes because I had no shoes to wear
He was finally remanded to Mid-Hudson Dec 8th.
Right - Its frustrating because we are willing to pay our current rate
been dealing with alcoholism and chronic stage one bipolar syndrome
The accident included farm machinery on a 4 lane highway
Is that clear enough or do you need me to be a little more specific?
they could be selling my online courses at this moment
Hola buenos dias tengo una pregunta
I went to the bathroom before you cold direct me to an organization.
Not yet .. someone else..I may also be..
what do you do if you can not find the original will of the deceased, but you have a copy and the death certificate?
or deal with the Nation passport agency or federal agencies?
Gasoline, railroad tickets was explained as reimbursable but never was.
i have a question i do not understand the federal poverty guideline chart
Did you mean January 2021 and October 2021
I am curious about the per diem position for PPE distribbution... How does one apply?
Does this sound like I should take legal action?
where can i download the diy forms to amend a current child custody.  i am the grandmother
Can you please see if there are any others —where the criteria is not limited to certain restricted conditions
I need resource for some one in need of Art 17 Guardianship
Beware of Lamplighter Ministries ("LAMPLIGHTER INTERNATIONAL INC")
Hi mike i need spanish trans
Soy indocumentada sufrí violencia doméstica por un tiempo
My Mom should've been tested. I want a apology from the rehab facility
It says that I was convicted of a crime that I never went to court for. I never had the option
hi I need a paper from court which will say the court is relinquishing or declining jurisdiction over the child
I have my legal certificate of still married to this guy from the Ecuador  Government
The local utility company is very rude and has an order to disco tune. I am current on the bills
yeap, i was having trouble finiding that document page
Hey  my name is Novelis Tejeda still active case DV against on my baby father and pls drop DV
My grandson is 9 y/o and I miss seeing him
So I think I could that - and I'm at the part of Commencement Document, Document 2-5
If someone recieve their greencard through marriage but is a divorcee .Can they apply for their citizenship after five years by themself?
Ok because there are numerous apps out there like cash app and zelle quickpay
Gm I need help with fraud with decease beneficiary being changed
I have read numerous articles and what not, but I have become so overwhelmed with everything.
thank you, now do I hit print or if I hit transcript will that go to my email
What legal support can I obtain to control the efforts of the staff?
Monroe, he hand delivered it and turned it in downtown Rochester.
Iam a good mom idont drink idont. Do Drugs
I read that there are certain criteria that must be met or else the court would reject it
sorry, one more question.   if i am a beneficiary, does that count as part of the estate for purposes of the $50,000 amount?
We are legally married still but I will be going to Washington when the virus permits and taking him
we are a repair shop that has a outstanding bill on an abandoned wreck
and it’s hitting my credit pretty hard
the child may be asleep or upstairs on another floor visiting relatives
My wife stopped breathing a face turn bluish in this lady's at at work standing Miss Mela refused to give her the narcan kit
Where can get for my 80 yr old brother that is being robbed by my other brother he has dementia
Okay. So it’s probably pretty unlikely to be granted?
Sería perfecto conseguir un abogado
I have messages proving cheating in the marriage. I want to know if I can use them for alimony.
We’re can i check to see if I’m still married
The courts certificate gives access to a bank account for $19000.00 and the actual is 22000.00
wait, never mind. think it's all good!
i meant to log into the consumer debt program
just was hoping maybe other agencies knew of others
thank you. I understand that $3000 is the limit, and I would be willing to go for that amount
It had nothing to do with drugs or alcohol or violence  so why are they saying ineligible.
hi di u speke spanish
Can my husband and draft our own separation agreement and have it notarized
He is a senior, 95 yrs old, age related mental deficits
Waiting on that to go thru to put in the divorce
I have a question regarding a sublease agreement between me and a potential subleasee
I need help with a custody/visit mod petiton
I will go to the 2 referrals for direction ... top line insights
I saw the chart but couldn’t understand it fully
Also do you know of any covid consumer relief?
I have found many templates, but not that one specifically.
I have been to multiple tree board meetings to discuss the damage and poor conditions these trees cause
So I was exposed... my nudes photos are all over Facebook and Snapchat ....
But now i have 20 days to make that appeal.    I received the determination OCT 1st
Also, the local health inspector says that they do not permit that area, so it is not in their jurisdiction.
I’m near central islip and bay shore bayport
240 Lott Avenue, APT 1G
I applied for a 3 bedroom and now there saying that I applied wrong
do you know if an adjunct teaching position is temporary or part-time?
From what I can determine the bank has filed this foreclosure as an electronically document.
I am currently residing in a nyc sro. Do I have the right to have visitors ?
We have 56 yr old wills from our early marriage
September paid for expedite too and overnight i had to cancel my flight on Tuesday
is services also provided hudson valley so residents of the 5 boroughs
It's to much just for a couple days delay payment
am looking for legal firm to start class action on Microsoft Corporation
Ose q oneline entrando a ese email no puede hacer nada
Im a stge 3 colon rectal cancer ptnt and need a probono Divorce atterny asap
What would make it a valid reason for child safety
I had a criminal charge of aggravated driving with a suspended license.  And had to surrender my license to get a legit identification
Could I arrange payment plans to have a  enchilada warrant lifted
It seems that reporting is necessary. What other options would I have
Right now Westchester however the incapicatated adult is going to Syracuse
I can’t stop crying this is horrible this is horrible
I have a situation with discover bank they mailed me papers saying I have to go to court
i giot framed  by the cops they accused me with bribery possesssion and mpore
Should they quarantine with me? Or should they monitor for symptoms while at dads during the week? They are not displaying symptoms.
yea no i totally understand that! Everyone is confused
Nasfamily@nycourts.gov..... I just reviewed it I left the r out of courts
The neighbor is always complaining about everything I do in my appartment such as music my company etc
I am in a situation through the court right now that no one seems to understand
On custodial side their relative are using force for her not to see me
especially under COVID and he spits in front of the building
constant estrangement from studies and life skill opportunities
Can I still use the diy divorce kit
which the day of the accident I was insured, and now apparently the insurance is on Liquidation and won’t pay the damages
Just found this through a Google search... thought I would see if maybe you can point me in the right direction?
also i am certain that she has retained someone here is is clinically ill, psychologically.
I’m not seeing a option to have the papers mailed to me
A man beaten up my uncle we filed a fir ,
The letter is concerning my eligibility to receive unemployment over the summer break
I was on probation 3 days before it ended and I was terminated
Thank you sometimes finding the right human being that just gels with me maybe more important then any specific designation of attouny
the building went through renovations and the original door was replaced by the current one
if a therapist violated confidentiality and you want to sue them what category would that fall under
If court papers aren't notarized are they legal?
I need to file an OOP against someone who has filed an OOP against me.
what about the court itself will the hearings be rescheduled or are they gona be held by video or phone conference ?
quiero saber q formas debo diligenciar y cómo hacer este proceso
The syracuse clinic is the one at syracuse university?
And  i have holes on my wall they broke my tv 68 inc
can I come to your office now . Or is it safe to go to the precinct
Do you know who the head of the agency is, I guess in Albany, and could somebody intervene?
after i made the report the doorman made threatening remarks to me
Hello.  I'm seeking a referral for a lawyer that specializes in Guardian ad litem (article 81).
Well the trump administration cut my husband desablities, and on top of that they want him to pay $64K
do i need to explain the situation or hav eproof?
Everyone else is their little mind slave
I need to file chapter 13 bankruptcy
its part of his sick mind a game he plays
She says she is because she has a declaration of incapacity, poa and hcp.
let say Acct built & hearing needed to set the amount of support..
She will be applying for her permit soon.  Her passport in her male name is expired and she wishes to get a new one
i did already and she says that my family and i are just a sperm donor and deabeats
i now don’t have access to the WiFi because he changed providers.
Jane neal 671 macdonough st 4a Brooklyn
oh i see teh habeus corpus one
via web or print and mail USPS  web would be easy but i have no efile acct
Can the noise engineer I hired make a complaint
No need to apologize! We will reconvene as a group soon.
I was arrested in 1978 and had a trial and my trial minutes are totally missing
I am a genuine victim with 6 broken bones
This isn’t a modification per say bc there’s never been any ever..
I am very much at a loss in this department - not my area of expertise
All I can find onine is a custody/visitation petition or modification program, both which say I need a copy of the current custody ruling
anyway to keep confidential to avoid drama
I just received a mail saying my credit score is very low
please remember that I also wish to confirm an apt when lshv goes to castle point supposedly 9/17 according to the flyer
when will scrie clinic at lenox hill community center  be open again
no. Just the threat of further action if I do not vacate by November 1st
MY domestic partner  and heir to the estate go an order to vacate, but my name is not on it, what are my rights?
Both my civilian counselor and VA MD have diagnosed complex ptsd ( a series of traumatic experiences) some of which involve trauma in the military
i hot this threatening letter and so far I paid them $400
That's the problem... it's a foreign defendant in Germany
I have a regal visa( O-1). I just want to know that if I am eligible for applying or not with my status.
There is no expiration  on separation and we never put in writing to reinstate  the marrage.
It's my understanding that COVID has nothing to do with holdover. Only non payment?
How come my grands was never with family straight to three different strangers
It was a group text with a supervisor and 3 other employees
to be more specific about changing an existing join custody
Me dijeron q lo aga oneline pero no puedo
and his overnights from friday to sunday. he is refusing to give her me.
I’m looking to see what I can do if someone keeps making false allegations against me
No, but just FYI there's a ton of specific covid19 legislation that has come out
The only forms available online are for modifcation/enforcement of an existing agreement
Finally, is 141 Livingston st., open for questions  like this.
3 dots say rating , trance rip andpopup ,no envelope
Can you be sued for breach of agreement ,if no agreement ever made?
I want to know the legal validity of a signature certification made by a trusted third party. Is it legal?
On 3/3/20, an acquittance of my neighbor, found it necessary to spit in the face of my sister.
However, its not until very recently that the lady managed to "mail" me the check
It says my user name exists. creating new acct  That is where my original osc are from 2017, can I get into that 2017/2018 account?
I receive some paper of action for divorc in March 17
i see theres a moratorium till aug 20th
She's Jamaican so she visit Trinidad but she overstayed
I was in a psychiatric hospital where they treated me like an animal
Can you help define for me what changes/actions deem a modification in custody agreements?
I have 1more question . I created an account online.
but they took me to cour not for repairs , they took me for non payment
It’s in regard to a specific existing child
I made copies of the texts, emails, check she gave me and stopped it later
I see and that doesn’t need to be done know to be proactive?
Now Nov 3 I had a break in I was assaulted and burglarize I almost died
I think it would be easier if it was auto deducted
i know, the 25vpage lwase shouldve been a red flag
My child’s daca will need to be renewed by November but I’m going to file a I-130 to adjust status
I'm a American citizen in 2014 I married a women in the Phililppines online with an Islamic Imam as we are both Muslim
He stays with his dad during the week and I see him on weekends or whenever his dad says he can see me
my question is- there is no marriage- does the father have equal rights?
if is any legal rules or could be a deal between landord and superintendent?
Hi, my name is Janet I need help with filing for bankruptcy chapter 7. Age 62 on SSD.
he also has about 2 rotten teeth and they won’t give him pain meds either
we have finally come to an agreement with his ex spouse
what forms are necessary including support documentation
Nothing to be sorry about. I need to fix the problem so I can resolve my legal situation in Brasil.
I give them cash and they put it in there pocket and no receipt
My residence is in Greenlawn, located in the Township of Huntington.
I took one of those alcohol breath test , comeback .18
It’s not giving the option for The reason I won’t to change it
I went to the EEOC and received a right to sue letter
i makes me angry cause i sound crazy
my phone is turning off you think is posible if you text me everything to text message?
plaintiff- E.River Prtf prtnrs lllc
thanks.  it's not window guards.  it's window gates.
Force me to sign a paper in chinese no notary
yes   i already get part of con ed pension  but this one is for maitenenac  dro from con ed
IT's awful. They are taking advantage of the new rules bc of covid.
My husband made me sign a paper under duress
I didn’t find Brooklyn in the drop menu
ok beginning of March I’m sorry they were there from January to beginning of March up until a little over a week ago
Both my husband and I for health reasons. Very valid reasons.
is says it has to be filed prior to suspension.  it's already suspended
If I have a modified custody agreement, does that replace the original Custody agreement?
I had already gone to court and received the petition paper
they had provided a court-appointed one before but they were highly disengaged.
I gave him $12,200 and he did absolutely nothing whatsoever
I'm forced to bang on walls and ceilings to try stopping them and I can't .The running is driving my insane.
I have read the statue of limitations was extended to 4/19, is this true?
I need a death certificate from.my aunt that die in Jackson Heights  she past away the 8 off April 2020
Also, the second link says, "Must be within 125% of the federal poverty guidelines to acquire services.". I wouldn't qualify for this.
Could I file virtually as everyone is saying we can?
I was searched illegally in shelter in hallway cameras rolling
Can I go directly to the courthouse and apply for Annulment myself?
no not at all but she normally goes with her father thursday to monday as of now.
so he walked out of the court and went to australia where he is vacationing
the account is in a debt resolution program and o don’t know if I should admit to allegations or what?
I have a question.. no one else really knows what I should do. Its regarding custody
also is hyperactive mold activity, Leaking and falling ceiling classified as habitable ?
They are not deep holes. They are just common paint chip.
Hi Ms Emily! Can I sue someone for more than $5000
I found the form page but I didn’t know which one to do
I am currently collecting unemployment , I was reading a lot about the SBA Loans, iam an Uber driver, can I apply for it ?
I have reviewed these two websites prior to our communications. Unfortunately it does not indicate help with  Trusts
I had a fairly simple question regarding cola
one is already providing representation but very biased
we filed it in March it’s just went to e-fililng
Church world services takes everyone right?
Niagara also I written the opposing attorney and ask for a copy of the evidence, discovery, he has not provided me with it
I need to write a letter to the manager and the con
I need to obtain witness subpoena forms. do you know where I can find these?
Helpline (888) 663-6680, staffed Mon-Fri 10am-3pm
I actually need help with creating account online and I am unable to
That would be better, as it’ll contain hyperlinks
This past June she was accused of child neglect, solicitation of drugs etc, which is all false
the hating day on ticket is 03/02/2020, but they changed it to 02/11, then they have reason to let me pay$100
I meant turning 5 next week
No, I took some classes at the university but my statute as a student was non matriculate so I couldn't get students loans,
They also decided to make all kinds of complaints to hpd
How can I find a drug court sanction form
I LET THEM KNOW THAT EVERYTHING CHANGED SO THE FMLA RULS OR LIMITIONS ARE IRRELEVANT BECAUSE OF COVID
Hi Aline, my name is Grant with the NYC Dept for the Aging.
My divorce has already been finalized. Dad has not paid me support and is behind a few payments
He continues to come in with a key which makes me uncomfortable
our chat ended around 11am.  He provided me resources to get legal and other guidance on a hate crime, sexual violation, attempted blackmail and extortion
The other question has to do with filing of waivers or consents for Letters of Administration.  Are you familiar with that?
I was going to go to 141 Livingston and wait my turn
My girlfriend is being sued for debt collection and we have a few questions.
if im still legally married and no seperation papers has been signed can someone else be power of atterney ?
I am a cancer patient and the trauma affected me to the point where I have been but on antidepressants from trauma
and 1st floor(mine) and basement have one meter
but the cops bruised my face and skin touched me sexually and bruised my bones so I find it odd to be so complicated
the new address is 2090 Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Blvd. , 3rd Floor zip 10027
How can I fight this and what evidence do I need to take to court. ?
in the meantime I want to pay a private health insurance for him
An individual that I know has an upcoming hearing (next week).  This is not a new petition.
So does one have to file for the support to end? Or does it end automatically?
sounds great,good luck to you! I will explain my situation to you...o.k.?
Do divorced couples ever set up permanent mediation?
No. It’s against someone who falsely accused a family member and we’re afraid she’ll do it again
the social worker speaks to me condescendingly. I have requested verbally several times for reasonable accommodation due to breathing difficulties in their poorly ventilated office.
I do not need representation in court. I just need to obtain the original document
They could modify the loan into her name, or otherwise refinance, but the former couple is not cooperating with eachother
& thank you, it was super stressful, especially around the holidays for 2019
Caeden I will have to finish up with you later - Dennis will be in touch
It's quite possible, they look for any weakness, and they defame like crazy, all with that sickening plastic smile.
its 11am & whoever is taking the phone shift is awful
Need to sue a gynecologist who prescribed aggressive hormonal therapy. Subsequent to same a stroke impacted my body.
PS. I must reply to the startup very soon.
Also a general question, does the custody agreement automatically conclude once the child turns 18?
her mind is set by the Dea os x the FBI.  their mind set they grabbed them in the bronx
Si puedo llamar a Estados Unidos
I have those forms already and lift has already spoken to me
Just seeing what I can do in this situation cause she threatening me that she going to come with the cops
my grandmother's primary physican misdiagnosed and as a result, she has stage 4 cancer
I just saw the aunt and other relative hitting the nephew until he fell down and was unconscious lying at the sidewalk.
Hi. I was the victim of cyber sexploitation. Included sexual violation, attempted blackmail and extortion - along with lgbt hate bias
30 minutes won’t help me defend myself.
I Slipped and fell on black ice when I was on the Lincoln apartment s on one Lincoln square in Albany NY
can i check anywhere online to see if she has any actual judgements against her?
I don’t participate in that activity I just don’t know how they would see my face I’m confused
necesito un abogado referente a empleo
I am contributing 240 dollars for my two daughters from the Dominican Republic
I just need to locate a form that is an intent to sign in lieu of foreclosure
But his 3 brothers and sisters are here in MD as well we have temporary custody
CPS, MCSO, MCSO Supervisor, CPS Supervisor, Missing Exploited Children
17% sin importar todos los gastos del niño????
he would need special permission to pursuit it
I need to find a pre court questionnaire
I am seeking to incorporate my organization as a not for profit corporation
My question is can my landlord charge me MCI charges, call it balance forward, and then also charge mci retro charges
Probation expenses for DWI would not count I presume
I think I need a referral to a legal agency
and to see if they can make payment plans or lower my payment so they can reinstate my license
my agreement says the father has to contribute to extras like playing sports but he refused the expense I put in for the equipement
You can’t modify based on change in circumstances if both parties are in agreement?
I need to make 2 vacate default judgements
He plans on going August 8th-15th. So I have to act
my hubby may be a dad to 22 yr child
my name is Ann Marie Da Silva,LCSW-R,ACSW-R
Thank you soo, soo, soo very much.
oh, I see this: You cannot use PFL for your own serious health condition, but you can with FMLA.
Would it make sense to wait for the child to be born or while she is carrying?
America has become worst then third world countries
I received a letter in the mail by the department of labor, indicating I was overpaid unemployment from 2013
I need immigration help to remove the conditions of my residence or apply for vawa
it is a dress store specializing in gowns, evening dresses , prom dresses
Oh - that's great news! Do you handle custody matters?
I don’t know can I install camera in the basement’s hallway is legal or not?
VERY especially when the gf was all nice in the beginning and then she turned like a snake
Do I have to cancel it? Am I at risk of visa termination? I am worried?
I misunderstood what this service was. I know how to search the courts Catalog.
I already gave feedback that your help is EXCELLENT
Would my estranged husband need to be involved In this?
number 18.   reguarding the counter complaint I definitly need more space how due i include a 2nd sheet
the insurance company is Assurant- lender based insurance. They cover only structural only. He has purposely dragged this on and on and on.
This insurance had high deductibles or just her doctors did not take the insurance.
hi what would i need to file for split responsibility
where do i find past records of what they say they found i think that is a mistake
Probably chapter 7, I'm basically judgment proof except for the student loan tax refund garnishment
My gf overstated into another country will that affect her if we marry and file for her?
also, if they are part of your org, can you connect me to someone who can help?
sabes para cuando empiezan a aceptarlas
Yes...I am UN married.so I have equal rights?
are rental buildings required to provide a certificate of occupancy?
Hi sorry, quick question -do you know which article the peittion for visitation by father would fall under
Could You let me know which situations warrant this? I may qualify
criminal.  criminal mischief over $250 is the charge
can my supervised visits be done with independent contractors?
no - sorry, it's not that. You'd think it would be easy, right? DIY forms aren't anywhere that I can find them
I was already on that page it doesn’t say where to download the form
they took everything  from Febuary until April besides the 134.00
Website will not let me download view or print gf 29 pdf
We did, denying negligence and knowledge of any injuries point by point.
he was physically assaulted by one of the staff members and there are witnesses to the incident
Perhaps you can help me with a question about economic stimulus payment
well he died in hutchinson ks idk were his will would be out of tho but I'm assuming its in probate
She is going to load up documents and schedule another session.
Should i jus email them i dk what to do we habe phone court tm
I was also advised to file a complaint with the department of health
we went through all the questions and discussed them but he is going to redraft the petition
but she is head counsel and you gave her an award i figured you would
tnx anyway I guess I will continue to read more
After reading your initial message I don’t think you can help me at all
my monster & baby daddy is a pedophile  & a triple threat
It is only 67 dolares  a week, can you imagine ? he dont paid this
I received a huge booklet not knowing what to do 😅
They installed cameras recently , penetrations and everything..
I handled this myself for the most part. I only hired an attorney in June of 2018; he has not provided the services hired for.
managment never fix the problems that occured in the Apt. like rat hole. roaches
The mom gave up her rights. But that hasn't been confirmed on my end
worker defense leagure, did you give me more than one?
The other party resides in Yonkers I reside in Maryland
A debt consolidation company that has ripped me off badly
2 counts of 1st degree attempted murder 1st degree
What court in nyc to file a lawsuit against otda?
I found a page with numerous forms with petitions, I don't see one specific called downward modification.  Should I choose the DIY forms?
I have 3 foster.children that i have had for 7 yrs and my agency wants.to remove them
he also won't fix the leaky sink and now its moldy
I guess it's because me and x never filed legal separation
also deaf 100 percent 1 ear about 70 in other coukld not do balance test  has no way ever able to unless holding walker
Ok good. I had gone to a different page and thought  it could have dropped the connection. ..
i have adobe. i did click the support button and it verified i have the latest version which is included in Microsoft egdre
I received court papers for non-payment yesterday
need to learn about grandmother right, is legal representation required
Is for any circumstance he looses custody, I do not want my nephews to go into the system.
Because it is after 5 PM, is it possible that you could e-mail these results?
I filed one but I didn’t receive any feedback. I sure hope to receive feedback now.
I don’t know it’d that’s fair
To reinforce this judgment in Canada where they need to go to?
but if someone from queens could help me that'd be amazing as well
Can you help me confirm the use of a specific form on NYcourts.gov?
I just need to know who to make the restitution payment payable to?
meant to say nell..thanks again for your help..i am all set.
Si claro necesito ayuda legal
His brother's records.  I assume that there would be some sort of index.
I have a question regarding someone not making there payment when there was an agreement and now it’s messing up my credit
What website can I view to see how my foreclosure is progressing?
he owns a harley davidson, and RV and he bought himself an $800 bow and arrow
My question is can I sell the coop with this record pending?
I received a pretermination letter from section 8 saying that I misrepresented my household composition.
Solo le han podido descontar como 1000 y algo más..
Causing 2 ruined beds, ruined TV, a couch and many clothes
It’s a nys court so I’m assuming it’s not
I mean they left a pice of tooth in my mouth añd I have proof
On the part that says my SSN, may I not write it to the packet that would go to them?
Federal atty.s /advocates has been a unicorn search.
My mom died right. And my mom and dad is divorced can my dad be a executor of the small estate affidavit?
you're really sweet. Thanks, it's also just, gross knowing they'er waiting for you to slumber to strike.  Eww.  :)
they say we hav to wait for a responsible acomendation form
Hi I believe I’m being denied my rights under VAWA
which petitioner needs to furnish and both parties need to be present at that hearing
ripped the check and wrote another one for 350
i have. there is dead ends as far as the agencies i can find
I have 8 days to reply to an Suspension letter that I think is biased against me.
So after 28 years I bumped into my real dad can my mom put him on child support for our previous struggles
Hold on let me see real quick
Is it possible to hire a mediator permanently as a channel of communication to uphold a legal agreement.
but I can’t be there for someone I don’t know this was a huge mistake
due to her lies claiming he had a fever of 103 even with constant doses of Tylenol- I insisted she take him to his Dr.
I entered into this verbal agreement with the discussion of this being a more longer term situation
I walk with a cane and have arthritis in my lumbar spine and nerve damage to my sciatica and bulging dics.
Bladder mesh, mass tort, ( whatever that means,)
If the appeal is withdrawn, how long can the appeal be filed again
Just for a senior citizen rover age of 62!
He used to have his own firm (Michael Angiulo & Associates LLC.
I need the courts to determine amount the father and I are not in communication so there was not agreement
Hi Matt, is there an online filing option for emancipation?
I have bought a trailer to pull behind my pickup but I don't have it ready or somewhere to park it yet. end
It supposed to be travel documents but petition for alien relative
Happy thanksgiving and u I hope u enjoy it too
like a court documentation letters of testamentory and letters of adminstrative for suurigate that's why i need an important
My loan officer ed Maloney out of cape cod ma.
It’s about an agreement I’ll be making with the Polish Cultural Institute
Yeah I might just need to wait till after the thanksgiving
I have twins that go on the same day and the co pay is really high
and just need to confirm these statements and related questions
oh, I thought you meant you can transfer me to someone.
Offer Fls instrmnt 1- financing
is it legal for my neighbor to have a security camera facing my front door?
i Don’t know install camera in the basement hallway is legal or not
Any literature I read only expresses about being sick, or business closure
I have ceased to file anymore and homelessness is my only recourse
I have a court day on January 31 and I need legal representation.  I am facing an eviction
I need him around to help me with laundry groceries my doctor
I have a trouble, I was hit by an electric scooter!  Unconscious for two weeks
Is this good for the city of Yonkers or just the five boroughs?
so I would rather not make court convenient for them and inconvenient for me...
Now, she accused me of assault and as a result I was arrested yesterday
Can I sue a mental health outpatient clinic for physical injury?
or just to submit/file any sort of papers etc to clerk
I had prep my documents so far but I have challenge navigating NICEF.
The loophole was me being gone for so long. I guess i gave up my rights of residency?
my question is in regards to NYS unemployment. Is that an area you can help with?
I also wanted to register my business as a veteran... is that allowed?
Oh my god, extremely!!! It’s damaging the girls and setting their lives up for failure, trouble, stress, anxiety, etc!!!
OP MV Port Elec Dev
It is in nyc and is a short term stay ,therefore illegal
Can you please clarify on what you mean your own canned responses? The canned responses are set already.
There is a shipping company that I believe has scammed USD 17k out of me
Almost $170 a week for one, not the 2 because he isn't there
Or let me put my question differently: shall non-compliance with the statute FCT 426 )b) (iv) serve as grounds for the dismissal of the case?
I recently recieved an eviction notice.It says that I have a hearing on 12/14
I have plaque psoriosis ,asthma,high blood pressure scarcoidosis sciatica, depression
They gave me a severance agreement to release them of liability
I sing a form with the university that they support me during my studying
Hello Daniela there will be a virtual panel discussion on racism @6:00pm
Was it illegal from NYS to collect this fixed income and did the bank also commit an illegal act?
Fuck that is rather go roll a fat blunt thsbks for nothing
IT SAYS SIGN AND MAIL IT TO Fmily court
does filling out one affidavit accounts for all multiple wasy and locations attempt of service
this kind of isolation causes permanent brain damage
Meanwhile the other parent continues to cut holiday times by hours and now is trying to cut the winter break by 1 entire day
I already have a paper but that that form. The paper is signed and notarized.
I have a letter from St. Peter’s to confirm this
I’ll play the lottery. If I win more than a million I will text you and give you some Grace.
No, acutally, I just want my partner, the man who has raised her, to have legal custody of her with me
What's the website to file for writ online it's not popping up on my phone
I received it November 23rd if I’m not mistaking
is in 111 Dr. Martin Luther king Jr white plains
Is it sufficient to say "i, plaintiff, authorize defendant to file this divorce"?
Why won;t anyone help me as to what to do. Like that is totally wrong.
I am unable to figure out how I can sign this and give it to the appropriate party
I am not having any luck finding proceedures that deal with filing and recording business/transactional documents.
it was a bad decision product doesn’t print only template boxes and bank denied refund
A woman I want to marry overstayed her visa
I can do that..on Yelp the customers says shes the owner
My son has an autism disorder, and he used to get behavior services from his health insurance. Medicaid does not cover these services
Hi, I was wrongfully terminated from the Section 8 (CVR) program.
ex husband wants to lower his alimony payment to me
my action for nuisance is against my upstairs neighbor. My action against the landlord is for neglecting to abate the nuisance.
this second window from the surrogate court page.
I am in quarantine in italy for a classical singing engagement that will not occur until next weekend (October 16-18, 2020)
I need a form to subpoena witnesses not records
Let's say my grandmother is married and want to put me as beneficiary instead of her husband
it's frustrating because we aren't in danger of being homeless, and I imagine there are many more serious cases in the system.
My apologies- my neighbors and I would prefer to use the online pay features that our own banks offer- NOT through the insecure app
I spent 6 days searching, NOTHING!!!
Daniel, thank you, wish me luck in finding others ‘not in the bubble’
Absolutely would love ur help
what are the guidelines now on non-custodial visitations now with covid-19 virus at stake ?
is text messages admissible as proof of an agreement
