I would to know how can I get a DNA test done
i wanted to know how to get a paternity test at family court
Ok. I did a legal dna test a labcorp with the deceased biological mother. I would appreciate any help from an attorney or whom ever.
if the mother is in another state and the courts grant my petition how will they do the DNA testing?
im looking for paternity test results that was taking like 25 years ago
I have a 7 year old son and i want to take a paternity Test
No we was supposed to have a court date 4/20 to do a paternity test but covid hit
I just want to know can I still apply for a DNA test even though I get along with the father
I just wanted to know if I need the baby birth certificate and social security number to file a  Paternity  dna test
Child’s mother is taking me to court for a modification. Can I request a paternity test in the process?
Can they use the blood work from when a prenatal paternity test was done in NY about 5 months ago
to get a court ordered paterntiy test
I would think they would have to have sufficient grounds to order something as invasive as a DNA test
I am having a baby with a woman who is married and she refuses a pernity test not sure what to do
with paternity case he can just sign he’s the father without the test?
can i go to family court for a paternity test. Yes or no
can i go to family court for a test ? I’m willing to pay
How can I get an old copy of paternity test?
can I filed for a petition to paternity test if the child has not been born yet
Can a mother deny paternity testing during divorce?
Hello I’m trying to excess paternity test paper work online can you help me?
Hey ! I would like to know the cost of a paternity test in court
Just a few quick questions. Is paternity testing free at the courts?
Hello I just have a couple of question in reguards to paternity test
I would like to know how do I go about requesting a DNA test for someone who is incarcerated?
they do not want to hold and test her  they said they need the bed
Are New York employers required to pay employees getting the coronavirus test or out waiting for test results to come back?
Could I get a free dna test without filing for child support
I wanted to take my son father for a paternity test
So like two weeks ago I missed my court date for a dna testing for my daughter
What form do I need to File a DNA test
Hey how you doing I wanted to know where do I pay for the result for a paternity test that I took already in court ?
Would I have to go through the courts or a clinic for a free paternity test?
I was mandated by family court to a dna test
I just ask about the DNA test done before the baby is done
I need help getting a paternity test
im triying to find paperwork to fill out for paternity test
I am required to take a paternity test and I do not want to be deemed the legal father on the BC
I was talking with molly sent information on a dna test
I would like to know if I can file a paternity test petition online
What papers do I file with the court. In NY for a paternity test to see if I  am the father
If you have covid symptoms and u get tested and its neg can your employee fire you
once he takes the dna test will he be allowed rights
I believe it was Family Court. I’m actually the child the test was for.
And i want to do a dna test but she is making excuses
Okay I want a dna test but I’m not due until
That's why I want to refuse the dna testing and continue.
how long do I have to wait for the dna testing location and date ?
in regards to getting a court ordered paternity test
can I get a paternity test ordered before the baby is born.
its has been dismissed completely but the other father wants to file and try to get a dna test and he is on SSI
I have a question about  child support   the father was requesting  dna test and it was done but he haven't  paid for the result
Hi I would like to how soon can I get a DNA test done on my newborn baby with the courts
i need to do a dna test for my daughter how can you help me
Hi I'm looking how to get a dna test before my unborn child gets here the deyin
I live in another state then the person im filing to get paternity test from does that make a diffrence
He also refuses to get a COVID test and provide the results for the safety of our daughter.
So the only way he can demand a dna test is through court?
im looking to get copy of paternity test that was done in nassau county like 20 years ago..
How do I get my test results from a genetic testing I have completed last month
This doesn't explain it clearly on how to get the courts to order a DNA test to establish paternity
What paperwork do i need to file if i want a dna test taken
so they do your income first and then send you for a paternity test afterwards
i had filed a paternity test in court and I wanted to know if my case is a essential case
Yes I’m trying to fill out 5-1 form for a dna test
& she don't want me to see the baby or get a DNA test done. She's im not the father. But there's no proof
And my partner had paternity testing via DDC DNA testing to confirm
I have a random question about DNA testing. Is there a specific agency that does the DNA testing for family court cases ?
asked for a dna test and both the dad and his lawyer said no to one
Do you know how long it takes to receive results from a paternity test and how would I be receiving it?
I need a dna test and would like to know how to go about it
if I filed for a paternity test will there be a court date
I would like to know if a father can have a paternity test without the mother ?
looking to Get results of paternity test taken
I tried to order multiple times but they keep rehjecting it evenwith the DNA test
Hi I am trying to get a DNA test after we have signed acknowledgement of paternity the child is now 14 years old
Ok thank you & will they be able to help me with a court ordered paternity test?
DNA test not for court purposes, just for our knowledge
i have a court paternity test that was done will i only be able to find out the results in the hearing
I need curt papers for a dna test
Only which someone would call and leave a message on is phone stating court ordering for a DNA test
For child support from my sons father,  also a dna test as well
Is there a form to fill out if I don’t want to take a court mandated paternity test?
but does he have rights to demand a paternity test out of court
I went to court and they are asking for something else instead of the father doing a paternity test
Will the courts refund me if a dna test I took cane back negative?
Want a DNA to show she's my child test?
If a DNA test is done and it proves that the father is  the biological father do they automatically put him on child support
I have a paternity test and the father wants to give her the last name
i dont want to request a paternity test and he doesnt want to do it through court
I have the certified paternity test that shows he’s not the biological father
Yes a paternity test thru the courts
How do I get a dna test at court when court is not opening
I want to get a copy off an 4 yrs old paternity test
do he have to speak to a judge and do a dna test  so he can get his name off
will the witness statements be helpful in persuading the judge to order a dna test to confirm i am actually the father or not
I have questions in regards to a mandatory dna test can the defendant decline to take a dna test
I did have the dna test but have not been given the opportunity to sign the order of affiliation before she filed for support.
The person I would like to test is deceased so is there a way to do the test with a grandparent
I need to speak to someone about getting a paternity test and the procedure for that without a court order
Hey I wanted to know the frost steps for a half custody case? Do I need to get dna test from the judge?
My buddy has been waiting for a court date for a paternity  test
is the court able to get a paternity test for free
I need to get a DNA test ✔
they would have a possible copy of blood test
Hi Charles, we're doing a presentation about CVLN and this is a test :)
thank you! I would have done an uncontested by myself but I need a court ordered paternity test
Because the child was born into a marriage, I was denied a paternity test
How do I find to a paternity’s test for my child
Hello I’m wondering how can I get a Court order done for a paternity test?
how can the non biological dad get a dna test done to see if hes the father of my daughter and shes 8
what kind of establishing does the court require besides the obvious with a paternity test
Good morning I want an old  paternity test that was done in this court about 4 yrs ago for my daughter
I went to court already and the judge requested a DNA test
I need to file for Paternity test petitions
Can you tell me what papers I need to file to get a dna test done
how long does it take for the paternity test to be available?
I need help in completing these papers and he was a paternity test. He doesn't have much money to work with to hire a lawyer
I want to file for a paternity test I know the mother's name, city, & state just not a street address. Is this a problem
i want a dna test to be ordered by the court to establish paternity
Can I refuse dna test for my unborn child and still finalize my divorce?
Do I need to get a DNA test arranged outside the court prior to filing the vacate the acknowledgement of paternity?
we don't need a DNA test we just want to sign his name
i an currently pregnant and the father is denying paternity. How do I get the court to order aDNA test
i am accused of being a father to a child. I would like to take a paternity test to make sure this is my child
How long does it take for the paternity test to come back
How can I get a dna test done when the courts are not open
He took a home dna test at the hospital
If I have proof of the paternity test should I bring that as well?
I understand, I would like to test potential father.
I just want to know how can i go about seeking a paternity test for my daughtef
as I haven’t heard about the paternity test as of yet
the father was asked for dna test years ago
Can you provide with link to for document im trying to get a dna test from my father
I’m curious if I’m able to take a dna test while being pregnant
We have completed a DNA test last year and it was found that he is not the biological father.
I spoke with the medical examiner's office to do a dna test, but I would need an attorney.
No dna test just she saying it’s mine
