i would like free legal services regarding a rental issue concerning the rights of a tenant before and after signing a new lease?
Yes I would like free legal service ,thank you
can you refer a free legal service that can help with this? An attorney that can represent me?
CAN U SEND THOSE THAT CAN PROVIDE FREE LEGAL REPRESENTATION. I AM WORKING ONLY TWICE A WEEK AT THIS MOMENT.
Looking for free legal services regarding being harassed by my landlord
Yes. I need free legal help
I need to find free legal to file
I am currently looking for free family legal services.
I am looking for free/ low legal services to help me with my sole custody petition scheduled for October 15th.
Hello I’m looking for legal service In reinstating parental rights
Is there any free legal help within the dept of social services in elizabethtown ny
Ya is there a number for the nonprofit Legal Services organization
so I think I have to call them and make a complaint  and I need free legal services
Thanks! Are there any legal service providers near Albany that I can call?
If you can pass my info for free legal service it is better
I am looking for free legal services for help with debt collection
i need a free legal helping in ref to a lawsuit filled against me
with that link I’ll be able to obtain  legal services?
I need free legal representation in Westchester county.
Okay, thank you. Is there any other legal service providers near Albany that I can contact besides LIFT?
Ok thank you for the information and this website doesn't help with free services
Are these lawyer free..can l go to Queens legal service to help my brother
how do i find free legal help for my divorce case?
Thank you. I live in Albany, are there any other legal service providers near me besides LIFT?
Great, thank you! Are you aware of any free online chat services for legal questions?
apparently I make too much to shaking for free services.
Can you please provide legal services for family court lawyers ?
I need help finding free legal services that deal with family law
where can i find a list of all non for profit legal service providers handling housing matters
I’m on that page. What do the legal services fall upon under
yes I will need legal representation that is free to help with my situation
I am in need of legal services for a letter of garnishment I received
Hello, can you please tell me if free legal services help file for unemployment?
Can you help me find free legal services that would help me pertaining to regaining custody
I need free legal services for a Yates county family court case
I have a divorce, I’m trying to find free legal help
Where can I find legal service to help with my record
That says legal services of the Hudson valley
Hello. I was injured in the course of my work last year. I would like to know where I can find free legal services?
Please provide free legal services information
I need help finding free legal services and information on tenant rights
Ok. Are you talking about referring me to an attorney -- or to a free legal advice service?
Hi my name is darneisha adams iam looking for free legal help to file a divorce
i am looking for free legal help for applying for asylum
Hi Emma. I would like to find legal service for Divorce
I need legal advice,and legal representation
I am looking for legal services for my significant other for his disciplinary hearing
Please the legal services at Restoration in Brooklyn are not qualified for this case
I need to get a free legal aid for court court service I have on the 2nd of December
spoke with some one earlier and they provided me this link to get legal services.. they did not help.
i have called services but it appears i would not be entitled to free legal aide
Free legal organizations and the Nassau/Suffolk legal services committee off main st? I think
Can you please help me find free legal services
I need free legal services, specifically advice at the moment
Thanks, I am looking for free legal services dealing with employment and discrimination/retaliation law
Can you help me find free legal help regarding a. Eviction ?
I need free legal services so that I can seek advice on what i need to do regarding guardianship of a minor
yes that would be very helpful if you could refer her to that free legal service
My name is  (Sunny)Millicent  the service i am seeking please if possible is free legal assistance with a job situation
I'm searching for a free legal service
(its a mix of hotlines and full legal service)
i need help finding free legal services that can help me with a SNAP case
i believe i qualify for free legal srv's
I’m here regarding someone else who is incarcerated and they want me to find free legal services
help me in finding free legal help please
I'm from Serbia. I need free legal seervices
I will call. Legal law service thanks
i need free legal servcies i do not make alot
And I don't qualify for free legal services in the area as I "make over the threshold" yet I have no money
Are there any free legal services for this kind of thing?
also could you confirm if there is a charge for this service? I believe I read I could seek free legal advise
Need free legal service in my child custody case that is this Monday? How do I proceeded. I feel very overwhelmed in the process.
I will look into it thanks. So there is now lawyer or legal service help for child support
(Nope, no specific attorneys. You would use the find a lawyer link and search legal service providers near Albany)
Hudson valley legal services said that they cannot help me with this.
I need to find a form for Substituted Service
This is Diana Proske from Neighborhood Legal Services.
Yes I need free legal resources
Awesome, thank you! Is there any legal service provides near Albany that I can contact?
I’m looking for free legal services. I’m looking for someone who can help me with a custody case
Where can I find free legal services to file for custody
9/20/2019,3:59PM ET Thank You, but what about legal services?
im seeking legal services in Bronx county
Hi hanna- you help to find free legal services?
I am looking for free legal services like I have a question about opening a small business
I'm looking for free legal help.
Is there free legal service for injury elder ?
I would like to find out about free legal services for a divorce case in NYC.
Ok give me the information about the free legal services
i need an attorney that can help me whit legal service at no coast
I am aware of this new act of 2019, can I get someone to offer free legal representation
Is there free legal service out there to contest a divorce ?
I need to  find free legal service near zip code 11220
Are there any legal service providers near Albany that I can contact?
Yes please. Are they expensive services? Or are they free?
pleas provide me with legal free services that may be able to locate the form as well
Give me the information about the free legal services
Hi, do you guys have info on free legal services for wills and trusts attorneys?
Is there anyone who does provide free legal representation?
Yes, if you can put me in touch with free legal help that would be appreciated.
I have court hearing soon I need free legal help
no this is administrative child protective services department of homeless services
We are unwed. I was in the service and upon exiting the service went back to GA.
i need free legal counseling regarding my pending custody case
Do you have a contact information for the Free Mediation service?
Are there any services that provide free legal  advice?
I need legal services please because outside of having 20 days to answer I have no idea what to do
I just left court for child support and I need free legal representation
How do I know if I am eligible to free legal advise?
Legal Services for the Elderly in Queens (Part of Jewish Association for Services for the Aged - JASA)
I recently moved to Hempstead, NY can you please send listings of free Legal Aide service in Nassau County?
are there all free legal service? i am able to afford a little attorney fee but not a lot
I don't qualify for free legal services
I would also need Albanian translation services; where can I go for that service?
I need referral to free legal service probono or otherwise can you help?
(any free legal service providers from our site?)
that's good  :)  are there any others?  in my experience, not all free legal services organizations are created equal
Hi. I am a landlord looking for free legal representation.
I need free legal services. Please help me.
I am looking for legal services regarding divorce.
Yes we need free legal services.
been calling Legal Services of Hudson Valley  no answer. Thank you
Is there anything called Free legal help?
just one las question are those legal office free?
So maybe the legal services line would help
A legal referral would help if you have one handy
In the free legal services is there help for topics related to small businesses
I need help finding free legal services
i understand.  but i found out about this too late to contact legal services
Can you assist me with finding free legal service to fix this
Yes. I need free legal help for veterans.
Free legal services would be most helpful. Yes, please.
how do we know we qualify for the free service and representation
I am a landlord I dpmt thingk is free legal services i need
I am searching for a free lawyer or free legal services for my case
Do you know of any grants that I can get to paid for legal services?
i would like help in finding a legal service for a custody
I just wanted to inquire about if you have services that helps provide a legal at on child support cases?
I need help finding free legal services for a family offense case
I  need free legal help for applying for asylum
Are there legal advocates or free help that I can access?
Im looking for legal service to enforce divorce decree
I need help finding free legal representation for a family court case visitation and custody
Are there any free legal  services that could help with taking this person to housing court to remove them?
I would like to know if I qualify for your free legal services
Do they provide free legal support for senior citizens?
Legal Services of the Hudson Valley WILL NOT HELP ME
Okay thank you! And in terms of free civil legal services for incarcerated folk, would Legal Aid's Prisoner's Rights Project be the best bet?
Please help find free legal services. Would they have to originate in the county she resides in?
1- free legal help resources for child support,
Do you have address to free legal lower clinic.
I just called legal services for questions on emer custody order
I am trying to find legal service for a divorce.
I need free legal services for an eviction
I also think I will need free legal help
I am trying to find legal services for a family court case
where can I find free legal services in the bronx ?
I am looking for free legal services in my area for estate law
Can you help connect me to free legal services?
