i cannot afford a lawyer cause i am on a student scholarship now, how can i obtain legal advice
is there a number for a lawyer i can speak with for legal advice
I am looking for legal advice. My husband of 4 years is saying he will move out in June
Hello, I need legal advice in reference to my child support case
Is there an elder law attorney that will give free legal advice?
i need some legal advices concerning citizenship application
I need some legal advices from you? Please help me out
I was hoping for guidance as to where I can find a lawyer for specific advice
I’m going to do that today but I need legal advice on. How to get my money back
I was looking to get legal advice on my current situation to see what I can do.
I am looking for free legal advice on a cyber incident that occurred. Would you be able to send me possible lawyers who could assist?
I need to find legal advice about my custody agreement being broken
I do not have much knowledge on divorce, nor can I provide her with any legal advice
Sure. I need legal advice about marriage between an American and a foreign student non-immigrant
I would like legal advice on relocation custodial
Of course...I know you can't give me 'legal' advice as a lawyer... but some information would be helpful
I would like confidential legal advice to help me evaluate how to handle a pending divorce.
maybe not legal advice, but legal rights
Hello I need legal advice for custody and visitation
Hi, I need some legal advice about the 198 7hospital death of my infant sister
I know you can't give me exact advice I get that
finding where to go to get free legal advice
Also those societies do not offer free legal advice. They referred to attorneys who would need to be paid.
Need some additional advice upon breaking leader before court
Are they able to give free advice though?
I am looking for advice from the immigration lower. I'm f1 student
Ok, Since I am having housing issues do you know were I can seek legal advice?
I need legal advice on visitation rights and custody
i did not ask for legal advice, i am seeking to know what the law says
not advice but lawyers I could see sorry
I would like some advice as to whether or not I should find an advocate and if so where to find one.
I am currently looking for like free family law legal advice
are you able to give legal advice if I tell you the circumstance?
I need to move out due to covid and I need legal advice for tenants
Hi  my name is Kathi and I m looking for advice about hatrassment
Just hoping to get some advice about a pending custody case
Hi Alanna, I need some quick general advice.
Looking for advice for child custody in ny
oh nvm i see you cant give advice on my situation, just link me to articles nvm
I need to find free legal advice about a shared family property
yes we would like free legal advice ThankYou
I need legal advice from a lawyer About hand written invitation letters
I am looking for legal advice on rental housing.
I was wondering where i could find free legal advice to get help with my situation and see what is best to do
I filled out forms online to get legal advice.
I think we need a restraining order ? How do we do that? Or whatever advice u think could help
I also need help concerning legal advice on property
I need to be connected with legal resources that can give me advice on my pandemic unemployment aid.
you can't provide legal advice i know so i dont wan tto get into the details
I'm going to poke around. Any advice before I sign off?
I'm looking for  an inexpensive legal advice service or commercial  lawyer
Hello I'm looking for some legal advice
So I can just call them and state my problem, and they will provide free legal advice for my situation?
Hi ..any way am I able to just get legal advice?
I just need to know somewhere I can get free legal advice for my support..child support.
i need two different courses of advice
Legal representation, and advice on how to navigate this situation.
I would like to know if there is any other legal advice that I may not be aware of that may be beneficial?
Do you offer guidance or advice regarding business eviction questions?
I would like advice on a legal matter
Someone I can call to give me legal advice.
My sister needs advice for child custody
good afternoon, I am seeking free legal help attorneys whom work with cases or can provide legal advice regarding special education.
I need legal advice regarding a new lease that my landlord is forcing me to sign
Not looking for legal advice but more so what applications/forms I would need to appear before a judge.
Hi! I know you can not give legal advice, but I am looking to navigate a harassment issue.
I’m looking for legal advice on a mold issue
I need legal advice about a nonpayment eviction and slum lord conditions with a threathening landlord
Well I need some advice on a situation I'm having at work
Hi im hoping you can im looking for some legal advice
I understand advice given is not legal but I need information in regards to an eviction case that was started against me
I live in monroe county and I'm wondering if I can get legal advice for free
I am looking for legal advice in consumer related law
I am looking for a lawyer who can give me advice on how to over ride a healthcare proxy.
I need to get legal advice regarding child support
I'm not looking for legal advice. thank you
I don’t need legal advice. I just want to know if someone can go for me because I can’t.
I was an in incident 2 yr ago and I'm now looking for advice or legal representation since I cannot afford a lawyer
Need free legal advice regarding a legal separation where me and my husband don't agree
(some provide brief advice and some provide full presentation)
Please provide me the hotline information where i can get the legal advice
Thanks so much cause everything close I just need sum legal advice so I know my rights as well as hers
Not looking for legal advice per se just to clarify for me to understand
yes sure! are the references free legal advice?
are you able to give me general advice that may pertain to my situation
Looking for legal advice for issues I’m having with my current landlord
I’m not looking for a court case just need advice on what to do
I am hoping to seek legal advice regarding somebody slandering my name online
I want to seek legal advice on what my rights are. I have not worked since the accident
And Is there anyone that I can speak with about free legal advice when filing?
can u plz provide me any number whr i can reach for free legal advice?
Okay can I obtain free legal advice from these sources
I need free legal assistance or advice with filling out an order of protection
i am seeking legal advice of how to start the process of suing cps
Are there law clinics where legal advice is offered if a lawyer  isnt possible?
I need some legal advice about NYC OATH
Just looking for prop bono or free legal advice
I was hoping to get some legal advice before I talk to the unemployment office.
Yes that’s exactly what I need I’m just not sure where to look for advice
I’m seeking legal advice on filing petition on roommate holdover case
Shouldn't there be a court help hotline to interpret this? Court's won't give legal advice to pro se litigants but they do give procedural advice
I'm divorcing my husband of 13 years and need advice about how to file, support etc.
I need to find free legal advice about getting placement of my kids back
Yes i am just looking for referrals and did not see business legal advice I am looking for through the site.
Yes I need a free legal advice
I’m in desperate need of legal advice
Hello, I was looking for assistance in finding someone who can help me with legal advice for a child custody hearing
noone will help me or anything all I need is some legal advice
Hi. I can't seem to find free legal advice about a specific situation.
i need a criminal defense lawyer for advice
Need legal advice on how to speak to housing on behalf of a parent who now resides in a nursing facility.
Can i find attorneys in my area that would provide free or low legal advice and assistance?
I’m having problems with my landlord and looking for some advice
I'm not sure I need legal advice. I just had some questions regarding applying for unemployment.
Need legal advice about a summons for a past car acccident
I need the address for the free legal advice in Queens county I’m not sure where it is
I need legal advice regarding a court case between my husband and i
hi I’m curious to find out if I can get free legal advice possibly representation with a child support case
ok I need advice now so I will reach out to these organizations for advice. thank you for your time.
I need legal advice regarding the situation im in right now
Understood. How could I get free legal advice?
Sure. I am looking for advice on applying for unemployment insurance.
Im looking for free legal advice with help with an illegal eviction
I know you can't give advice but can you tell me whether something is legal or illegal?
do you know if they have the actual answer .. or they can just give me advice about it?
i know you cant likely give legal advice, but,
Greetings. I would like advice about a domestic situation.
I don’t know how to persuade this in civil court is that legal advice
I need an advice to help me learn what I shall do.
Hi Matt. I needed some advice with a child custody case.
Hi. I need someone to give me the advice for my case.
I need to find legal advice on housing issue with my aging parents that only speaks Cantonese
Where can I find legal advice for housing or can I request from any of the sites above?
I need advice regarding my liability as surviving spouse for a substantial hospital bill.
ideal free legal advice number
How can I get the number for free law advice in Kings country ny
I know you can't give legal advice but.  Do you believe landlord has right to ask for me to pay
Hi, I'm wondering if I might get free legal advice for a tenant-landlord issue I'm currently facing.
no, i need if you have any legal advice contact number
What advice can lawhelpny.org provide if not legal advice?
I need to find free legal advice and possibly a lawyer. In regards to a contract btwn myself and a wedding venue
can you connect me with a lawyer that can give me advice about a work issue/unemployment during covi-19
I not looking for advice just looking to see if a situation with my support case is legal
basically then I just need her to meet an attorney and if I have to go with out her to get advice I will
I know you can't give legal  advice but am I being over charched
Also do have any free legal advice points?
yesi need legal advice on obtaining a divorce I have children
it looks like all these only provide brief advice
i understand you cant give legal advice
I’m looking for legal advice with a work situation .
I was sue by creditor and filed a case against me on Westchester county court and I need some legal advice
Do you know of where I can seek advice on hospital mis- treatment?
yes, I would like advice and legal services
I am trying locate legal advice regarding housing and special education attorneys
Is there anyway I can speak to an attorney fir free to get Medicaid advice. I need a letter of authorization
I don’t need advice. I need to locate the form on the page
i am seeking legal advice as far as my housing situation
i guess i do not see it as legal advice, but how the process works
Are there any places that offer free advice, by any chance?
of you can help me to find someone who can give me legal advice
In there probably I can speak to a Lawer for free and get some advice
I need to find free legal advice how about the housing situation
just so I understand, this website is a state backed non-profit help for people who need advice on legal issues?
they give legal advice, but not legal representation
I'm looking to get some free legal advice I was served a summons for divorce
I'm wondering if seeking legal advice is the right way to go.
I need to find legal advice for a court case
Hi i unfortunately was a victim of a scam and need some legal advice as i signed some documents
Do u offer advice in business eviction?
I need helping getting free legal advice for custody of a child
I'm looking for a lawyer/ attorney located in watertown ny area to help with legal advice.. or maybe help with case.
Oh was looking for advice never mind
Is there a link I can go to for resources on free advice?
I need a free legal advice provider
I guess what I'm really seeking for is advice
Have you actually tried, as an exercise, the advice you're giving ?
Yes. Can you help me find someone who can give me advice?
I need some legal advice on a roommate situation in Manhattan.
a websites with the types of courts had free legal advice, I honestly don't remember
I live in California are you still able to give me advice/
Hello, i am seeking legal advice and assistance regarding Residential treatment centers  discharges
I need legal advice in regards to the situation that I am currently in.
hello, i have a legal issue and not sure how to pursue it. Where can i get free or low fee legal advice about it?
I am trying to find free legal advice about evicting some one from my home I live in
I am hoping to connect with somebody who can grant me legal advice regarding divorce.
Looking for legal advice on child support case
Im not sure but I am seeking free legal advice and support
I need advice on applying for my USA citizenship
I'm contacting you because my family is low income and needs legal advice and we're trying to find the best way to get that advice.
can you point me in the right direction for legal advice?
I have some questions regarding income trusts. Is there free advice available to seniors in central NY?
I need legal advice with helping my 14 yr old granddaughter
Don't you have lawyers who could give me advice
