Her family would like to find a lawyer in their area and I am trying to help
I need help legally to collect a debt
I came yesterday because I need help to find a lawyer
I need to find a Medicaid lawyer who can help me to get Medicaid
This is new to me, but I need help with an unemployment denial.
I just need help to file for unemployment, do these legal organizations help you file?
Hi . I need help finding a lawywr . Apparently lol. My landlord is harrassing me and my family .
I need help finding a lawyer that's familiar with section 8 housing laws
Hi I need to find a probono lawyer who can help me with a civil harassment/stalking/doxxing charge
I need help finding a lawyer for family court
Need help with finding deed to my home
I need to find someone who can help me with what I or my daughter needs to do.
Hi, i need help with a child support case. Can I have the lawyer advise
I need legal help with getting a divorce
I am looking for a lawyer to help me in a case. Can you help?
i don’t have a apt I need one and I need help one time they are saying 5,000
I have the book for this information but i do not know how to do this need help were can i get help at
need help finding a piealegal to help me with custody paperwork
i need legal help for a daca renewal
Everytime im about to get help this disconnects.  I need to find a lawyer for family court
Need help filing for lawyer online
Okay do you help find lawyers in regards to a case
Also can you help me with finding a lawyer to sue cps
I am suing a bank and i need help with representation do you do that? or help with filing papers?
I need legal help on a surrogate court matter
Hi, I need help with regard to tenant-landlord dispute.
I need assistance finding a lawyer who can help me with a landlord/tenant case.
I need help finding legal services to help me file for family court
maybe help them navigate the courts website to help provide the information they need
I need to find help with my situation. Concerning visitation and custody
I need help in regards to choosing the right forms to file
My mom just pass and I need help to finding out what to do next
I need help finding a lawyer for visitation rights
Good afternoon. I need help finding a lawyer to help me with my divorce. I don't not have any money
I need to find my court for next week
I’m trying to find a lawyer that can help me out and to understand my case .
I was denied sor ssi and ssdi and need help with my appeal.
Hi I need help I have a question about an eatate
hi, can you help me? I think I need a lawyer.
I need help for parole violation in albany
YES I NEED HELP IN FINDING A LAWYER
I have situation in need help with wills and estates in surrogate court
I need help finding a housing lawyer
well.....if you can find it for me it would help a lot.
hi, can you help me? i think i need a lawyer.
just need some help with a family court lawyer to help me start myCase
I need some help with going through a divorce. I married a man with just a VISA
I need help to find out my court case number in order to send the money
I need help filing for divorce but I don't have money for a lawyer
I was trying to find a lawyer to help me with my case
I need help with a divorce. I need a lawyer to help me out and I have no money
I need help the police don't help because im a man.
I need to find a lawyer who can help me with a service animal discrimination case in the work place please.
I’m needing help on a foreclosure situation
I need help filing divorce papers
i need help finding a form to enforce my child father to comply with my visitationand how to get a copy of my court oder
hi, can you help me, i think i need a lawyer
I need someone to help with Surrogate court to legalized an estate
I need help finding an attorney for a contested  divorce
Need help finding a lawyer that can help me Peterson to have my sons fathers right terminated
Hi there I’m trying to find a lawyer to help me
I need help finding a lawyer for a custody case
i need help finding the link so i can file
Need a lawyer to help me get visitation
I was homeless on account, l need legal help
I need help finding a lawyer for a child custody case
yws, they say its being reviewed but I need help,
I need help on how to file even if we have to share her
I i need help finding a lawer to help with deed transfer
I need help to find a lawyer who can help me sue a tow company
I need help finding a lawyer for a child custody case.
so can u help me find a lawyer near me
Can you help me find a self help form for this?
I dont need legal help I just have a question
Need helping finding a lawyer for contested divorce
I need help finding a lawyer for a hospital bill
i need help finding a lawyer for SSI denial
In need of an affordable lawyer as I may be facing a child support and relocation case. Need help
I am in court and need some help with obtaining a letter from her
Hi. I want help to file a special needs trust for my sons. Can you help me
Hey I just need help finding a lawyer to help me with visitation for my kids
need assistance finding a lawyer that can help with unpaid rent and being sued
Hi, I think I need a lawyer, can you help me?
Hi, I am looking for help with expediting my passport or help with dealing with a federal agency
Or help me find a lawyer in the state we’re the case is being held
I need a lawyer that can help me get out of a tricky situation
I need legal help with a wage dispute
I need a family lawyer to help me with a child custody case
I need help with marriage, I want to marry my fiancé
I am looking to gain guardianship for my adult child and need advice on finding a lawyer who can help me in probate court.
Need help I’m homeless with my wife n need help n housing. Can u guide me
Hi, Jordan, I need to find a free attorney service that will help me firl Article 78 against NYS. Can you help?
and the ones i could find would not help me and I am on unemployment
Yes I need a modification and will need help
i will  try hopefully i can find what i need with your help thank you again
Hi Jamie, I need to find out what or if I qualify for help in a case. I am being sued for a dog bite.
Hi, can you help me? i think I need a lawyer.
I need help finding a lawyer that deals with succession rights
I need help  with a section 8 problem
can you please help me find someone who can help me?
I need a link to find help with those forms
I need to find out a way I can do or find someone can help me.
i’ve been Denid snap I need help
I need help finding a hpd building
yes. i just need help finding a form for restraining order
i need help finding a lawyer about some legal help or possibly some advice on harassment and wrongful defamation of character
Hey I need some help and advise with an eviction that I am facing
hi, can you help me? I think I need a lawyer
I need help with my HUDVASH SECTION 8 RECERTIFICATION
ok so what can I share with you so you can help me find legal resources that pertain to my specific needs?
Hi Cecilica, I need help from a housing lawyer.
Thank you for your help. I will do the form and I hope I can get the help needed.
I need help with a nychild support modifacation
but this is where i filed my original petion which i need to AMEND. not really helping
Please I need help because I need my daughter
Hi, just wanted to know if the site offers help finding lawyers that help with department of education cases?
I need help with a young man that needs to get citizenship
I need help finding a lawyer I have very little money
- I Came On BHere Because I Need Help On Seeing My Child Again .
Are you able to help me find a lawyer I need for my situation
I need help finding how to go about collection on a defaulted contract
No thats was my main purpose I really need to help her get help
i need help find a custody forms online
I need help finding a lawyer to help me with visitation for my kids
I need help finding the annual guardianship report to print for an incapacitated adult.
i need help finding the paper to fill out for custody
I need help finding a lawyer. I am being sued for $18,000 and need to answer the summons by next Friday.
ALL THE HELP I CAN GET AGAINST CROOKED COPS IS HELPFUL
I need help with few legal terms to amend the petition.
i need help find a DIY form
I need to find out if I can go to houising court now
I need help to find a lawyer for sexual assult  By me dad me all way back June 1975 to April 1983
I need a lawyer, to help get records to prove who I am.
well it was helpful in the way you helped with some lawyers that can help me/her with this question
I am on ssdi and need help getting a divorce. Can you help?
I need a lawyer or some kind of legal help
I need helping finding a eviction lawyer
I need help filing a GF 22
Hi,  I have a pfl case going into litigation.  I was trying to find a attorney to possibly help. If not I need some information
You think they can help me im in depress need ?
you help find legal help or are from family court
I need help finding forms to file
I need help finding resources in tent errars I love in NYCHa
I need help with guardianship art 81
I need help finding a lawyer or information how to move forward on two separate incidents.
Hello I need help finding a probono lawyer
Any where else that may help with free help for Medicaid etc
I need to know how can I get legal help
hi, i need help with end of life  documents
I need help finding a lawyer for my ssi case
I need help in finding out what’s going on and why is it taking so long
I need help with setting up a trust for Medicaid purposes
I need help tryin to get a lawyer
lawyer for Family Court to help me out in my situation to help me out in my situation
I need help with finding the child support form online.
I need help. Dont know if i even need a lawyer just looking for advice
I need help to get my child custody
I need a lawyer to help me with a problem with the Department of Education
I need help filing a letter of administration
actually i dont need help just have a question not sure if you can help
I would appreciate it if you can help me find a lawyer before I have to go to this fair hearing
I need help applying for travel document
I need help I’m a special needs persons and I need  help finding a lawyer
I need help because I don't think i am as good at debtting as a lawyer is
Hi, I think I I need a lawyer. Can you help me?
i need help on filing for guardianship for a minor in Yonkers.
im Going through a custody battle with the father of my kids and I need to find a lawyer that can help me
Hey I just need help finding a lawyer  to help me with custody
You’ve been super helpful in helping me understand this
I don’t know who can help, can I find the lawyer to sue them. Because they break and enters our space
or if i need to file to have his rights revoked? or if he needs to consent to this, if I need to find him?
Can you help me find a section 8 lawyer please
I need to know where to find this so I know who purchases the house so I can help faciliate helping her move out
Hi i need help finding a lawyer to fike for divorce
Need help obtaining court records for an inmate
I need help w my mom's estates
I need a lawyer for my case- I don't have money so i really need help to find one
