Hi Ron, i am living out of the country and need to get a divorce and the defendant still lives in the USA
If I could receive some help in this matter in my on-going living situation.
Will the retrieval still be for the Bronx where we live now or Brooklyn where we used to live?
I  am living in a NYCHA apartment that is unsuitable to live in with my four children, I'm also 8 months pregnant.
I live in Texas and my granddaughter lives in the BX, NY. I would like to file for custody. How do I proceed?
He lives in Amityville Ny I live in Philadelphia pa
Yes but I live in Connecticut....my children live up there
if there are 2 children. one lives with me the other lives with her father do i include both on the paperwork?
I live in south ozone park queens
My daughter lives with me she in my lease one point I lived with her being homeless
Am presently at work in Bronx but live in Bklyn
What is the standard practice if we're still living with the father.
Now i living in charlotte north carolina, my daughter lives in 🇸🇪 with her mother been lke that for 19 yrs
i live in manhatthan but the child lives in queens
my child doesnt live with here mother anymor and hasnt in several years. my daughter is 19, works full time and lives on her own
i live in Elmira New York, however, my daughter lives in Rochester NY. The court order for child support is in Monroe county too
I live in Arizona and my 3 kids live in new York with their grandmother right now
I know person is living in the Bronx.  But I live in Brooklyn.
My brother who lives in buffalo is now subjected to a deportation
We don’t live together. I live at home. But he knows where I live
I live at 3201 hammocks dr cdga my 14424
I still live in the apt. It is my primary residence
I live here in panama and my child's father lives in the USA ny
Yes we were married in queens and I lived there the entire time
Hi unable to locate forms for living trust
theperson lives in queens sorry for late reply
Yes and she lives in malius its about 20min from Syracuse
He live in Queens currently in Rehab and they are saying he cant live here because of his stroke
I live in Brooklyn now my health is not good so less traveling is better
I have another question if I live  in Pennsylvania can I get legal papers over here instead of going to new
Hello, my name is Trecia Shawn I live in Jamaica
No I don't I live in queens and my case is in brooklyn
I live in Newark NJ essex county but my daughter lives in the bronx
How can I file for custody of my son if he lived New Hampshire and I live in NY
Live help needs to just shut down this is triggering my ptsd WTF
I live in north Carolina but mother of children live NY.
mother no longer lives in NY she lives in NJ
She lived in the Bronx NY and I live in Aurora , Colorado
Thank you, also what age does a child have to be to decide themselves who they want to live with?
she wouldnt be there at all, she would be living here but custody on paper until it changes is there
I live in the NYC area, in Murray Hill\
Rent is not owed the landlord claims that my grandmother who I live with does not live here
she has been living with me all her 7 years of life and only goes with him on weekends
Yes.  I live in Brooklyn but my daughter resides in Queens
I live far from the city and can’t drive
I live in Canonsburg pa and I want to file for custody of my son who lives in Utica Ny can I file online
But her biological father lives in Dominican Republic
God can I go bout doing do I live in va
I live in Colorado and need “Proof of Paternity” or Order of Filiation for a child living in New York State
no, we used to live in harlem manhatten, i left the house and i live in bronx, she still there in manhatten
she lives in Brooklyn with the baby. My son  lives in the Bronx
if he lives in another state, do i file my case where the child lives?
I live in PA but my son lives in NY with his father. He now wants to move with me in PA.
he lives on a Carolina Indian reservation. Can I sue him up here as he formerly bused to live in nyc
hello, I live in NJ but my nieces live in Queens, NY.  As an aunt can I petition to visit them?
He currently lives with his Aunt in New Hampshire
Im the child my father lives californa i live in ny
ok but i dont live in the bronx i live upstate ny
I live in denver and my kids live in queens I want to file for custody. Can I do it online?
Is it even enforceable where I live now. I no longer reside where I originally filed it.
I live near Binghamton Johnson City Vestal Endicott End well
problems is i live 120miles far from brooklyn
well I’m 17 and pregnant and live on my own , am I legally emancipated
I watched those. I don't live in NYC. Can you at least answer if filing will stop a garnishment
and also I live in the. Bronx and my daughter lives in Brooklyn
He needs to sign although he lives out of the country?
I live in Suffolk and my daughter lives in Queens
Can a senior living in an Independent senior living community break lease with 30 day notice if moving in with a relative ? Thank you!
it dates back to a time when he lived in Queens, in 2009
I would like to know how I go about adopting my grandson who lives in NY if I live in NC
I would like to file for visitation. I live in NY but child lives with father out of state. he won't let me see her.
Hello my name is Jacquella Walker i live in the Bronx.
I live in staten lsland.    But l lived in nj at the time, house and twins
Yes. I used to live at lower east side.
do you think I should apply in Westchester because we used to live there?
Alexander lives with me exclusively so i mean physical is already me
I want to know if anyway to live far from them.
Yes. I am trying to find out if a tenant in our senior living is eligible to live here
It was an interstate case.  I lived in NY and the non custodial parent lived in Maryland.
I live in Connecticut the dad lives in Manhattan
my ex husband lives near Atlanta and I live in Walworth, New York
I live alone and have nowhere to go suggestions?
It's not a child it's an adult and they live in New Rochelle
I will continue supporting him and remain in his life but not live with him.
I currently live in a shelter and I was attacked outside it by an individual that stays there as well!
our case is in NYS but I live in atlanta GA
I currently live in Boston, MA, but my parents who declare me as independents live in Cortland, New York in Cortland county
Hi my name is Akbar I live in brooklyn
we live in Clifton park New York. Chloe lives with her mom most of the time I’m Schenectady NY.
My father lives in Queens and the girlfriend lives in Brooklyn
yes. I live in 14467 zip code.
Child lives in Brooklyn. I live in NJ.
Well I live in Brooklyn, but he did the Papers in the Bronx
I live in New Hampshire and they live in Utica Ny
1. if i am not on the lease, but living in the apt more than 30 days, should I have legal rights to live
she felt uncomfortable and unsafe living with my ex-wife and new husband
We just went to court they will not do custody until we are living in separate residences
I live in Town of Southampton and until recently I had been living with a roommate that is an attorney
Yes, we share custody, but child lives with me
I never lived in new york and our kids lived in dc the bulk of their lives.
Of course. My son has lived with me for the past 2 1/2 years and his mother lives in Texas.
i used to live in NY state i now live in FL
Yes. She lives in the Bronx.  Father lives in Virginia
I live in Queens, is the above court I should go if I want to file the case?
like if i live in riverhead that will be in riverhead court
Oh yes the aunt case I live in ky
I lived in the Bronx but the papers was file in Queens
but i have to file it with the Bronx court because thats where she lives
i use to live in queens then the Bronx now a new location out of the city
we live in schenectady but the court case is in saratoga bc she resides there
I live in South Carolina and would love to hear his voice.
not sure how to do that because my daughter mother and I got divorced in AL, she lives in NY and I live in UT
how can that happen if she lives in South Carolina and I live in Georgia
Hi my daughters and I are living outside of nyc presently but eventually we wld like to return to ny to live
my father live in usa 23 year
I need a person that been living in my house to live
I can file online because I live in NJ and the court in ALBANY ?
I've lived there since 2012 and I took over from my father and step mom who lived there from 2007
My daughter  father live in the Dominican Republic but we live in NYC. He travel to the USA constantly,  he is USA citizen.
Also someone left me in there will and the family will not give it to me  it was a living trust the lady had
Hello, My name is Selvraj, and I live in Canada now. My daughter was born in Queens, and she is 5 years now.
I live In NYCHA and I had disputes with my neighbor for more then 10 yrs
I live in the Bronx. Would there be an attorney that could assist?
I live in rochester ny the landlord lives in nyc
i live in Connecticut but he lives in new york
I live in Binghamton, which is also where my daughter resides and goes to school and the other parent lives in Bronx
I would like to apply for joint custody for my son. The mother lives in the Bronx I live in Brooklyn. Where should I file
I live in a apartment. I'm disabled and in a wheelchair. I live in the Binghamton housing authority building In Binghamton
I am looking for lawyer to compell living relatives for DNA
How do I file and were do I go 4 visitation 4 my daughter in the bronx  live in new Jersey
i don’t live in newyork so it makes it hard
Ok what forms do I need and where can I pick them up, I live in NYC
i live at 28 homestead st apt 1
spouse and 2 kids living in home. We are on the deed together. I am not living there and I pay for everything..
I live in the Bronx in case have one near me
I don't live in NY I live in Ohio. The deceased lived in NY but their will was written and signed in Ohio
I want to sue the building I'm living in
I live in ny but my ex husband and my daughter live in chicago
hi, that whole section was for NYC, can I access it if I don't live in the city?
no houston texas well i live in houston texas
I live in New Jersey but the case is in the Bronx.
It’s only 1 child. And he neither lives with me or the father. He is in Queens with his great grandmother
Can my wife take my children from ny to Texas to live? We are still legally married and living together.
I am living in Jamaica with my child. I have never done a custody  but the child lives with me
she has been insane, insulting and dismissive if NYS Court where father lives and baby was born.
he is temporarily in North carolina we lived in the same household up unil 7\15\19
I live in NYC, my child lives with her mother in Onondaga. I have been denied access to see my child
I would to know what information I need to apply for child support. I live in Manhattan and the father lives in Albany New York.
My two grand daughters live where they used to live with her mother in studio apt
just the local court one town over from where i live
