I'm not working at the moment,,,and child support wants me to pay a balance of $43,327.37,,,I don't know how's that possible
By any law is the father that is paying for child support need to provide health insurance for the child?
Ok well is child support from her dad I'm the 1 on the case he is not paying anything & it is just adding up
I pay my child support up to date I need prove of payment
but, my ex does still pay child support
i have continue paying child support throughout this time as well
iipay support but kid is in collage x left 2nd man and on to 3rd why do i have to keep paying full support
I no longer receive child support however he is obligated to pay college tuition, and has neglected to do so.  Which form do I use?
so i receive maintenance from my ex, i pay child support. he automatically deducts child support from maintenance as agreed in stipulation
I am paying child support and my son has been living with me for 3 months now
I can't pay child support anymore
in the case that he does take me to court and I have to pay child support will they take inconsideration what I have paid?
Child support took my STIMULAS CHECK TO PAY MY HUSBANDS CHILD SUPPORT OBLIGATION
I need to obtain a copy of the child support agreement. What he is paying in child support
Is not paying child support a violation of parole ?
what if my child is already receiving 2 checks, do I still have to pay child support?
I'm paying child support but my son is living with me while his father is deployed
i need help getting a free laywer to represenr me st court my ex is not paying court ordered child support
iv lost my parental rights to several of the children im ordered to pay child support for
i need help sending documents showing im no longer working and cant pay child support how can i do that
I been paying child support for my son who has been locked up for 3years
I am the person paying $$ child support and my son has decided to enlist..
Child Support, has a restraining order on my bank account. I can't pay my bills, food gas, to go to and from work.
I was never ordered to pay child support payments but it shows I owe back child support why
My name is Michael witter I'm not working so I can't pay child support
hido the corona vrus i cant pay my child support what should i do
hello, I have some questions about child support that I pay.
I do pay child support every week,right now i don't working just for coronavirus what should i do now?
In this caae i would pay for child support since they have already given me a first appearance
i dont pay child support for him anymore since he lives with me
What can I do about  paying child support in not working right now
Divorce is pending. I have to pay child support but is from jobs I don't have any more.
He pays child support but not sure if it falls under a support violation?
yes and she was paying child support and then it stopped.. its been 9 months since the last pay
I’M still paying child support plus insurance
And I am still paying the child support but my son decided to love with me
theres a program that help pay child support
The child is 21 and just started college. Do I continue to pay child support?
I dont have much access to computers or printers. I'm tryin to get a child support modification form due to a decrease in pay.
I didnt see my kids should i continue to pay child support for this month
Would the support magistrate ever exempt a party from paying child support?
I have two children with my ex husband he currently pays $50 each child per month child support
If my son is 18 no longer in school, and works a full time job.  Am I still legally responsible for paying child support
Hello I am currently paying child support but due to the Coronavirus I am unemployed what should I do?
I need information i am currently paying child support and she does not live with my son
i was paying child support for my son who has just passed. How do I cancel the support
I was wonder who I'd have to contact or what to do to have my mother pay me my part of child support. I'm 18
I wasn't paying child support for 7 months, so the child support payments went from 0 to $872
I am trying to fill out the form for a parent that is not paying child support.
i was asking about where to submit disability papers since im not working and cant pay the child support
In NYS do I need to pay child support if I have 50/50 custody and make less money?
How do I file for child support ? My daughter moved back in with me on 8/31/20 and her father refuses to pay child support
If paying child support and the child becomes emancipated under New York law and is not reported who is responsible for overpayment.
Was made to pay child support prior to that when paternity was establiched.
because the grandmother has custody and she’s the one I pay child support
Hello, is there a way to completely remove your rights from a child and not have to pay child support ?
I am paying 3 children on child support
My sons father did not pay child support for the month of April. What can I do?
Even richmond County courts ordered her to pay child support. I'm still paying her
The follow up question to that would be: am I still required to continue paying child support?
he no longer wants to pay child support
They are garnishing support from me but I still have to pay my bills and buy clothing  and food for my girls.
I wanted to know if you dont let my abuser see the baby doesnt he have to still pay child support
The custodial parent died.  I'm still paying child support. What now?
I need help im paying child support who is not living with her custodial parent
if am paying child support and move in with my child do i still have to pay ?
If a child is 21 and in college, does the noncustodial parent still continue to pay child support until they are out of college?
can a person pay child support without their parental rights
im the father who is paying the child support
change from self pay child support to automatic payments as I am not receiving the correct support for my children
My child's  father is already paying child support for another child how does this affect my son's child support when I file
Yes, but the current custody case is in Oneida county. I now have custody of my son but I'm still paying his mother child support
The first i am already paying $101/week How much will i have to pay for my 2nd child. Another 17%
i need the petition ppwk for my child support case... he is not paying his portion of daycare thats on the order
Thank you..also to note, non-custodian parent pays child support to us thats filed in state of NY.
Will the fact that he doesn't pay his child support play into any of this?
im obligated to pay child support im currently unemployed and need to motify my payments
Hi I am a newly divorced father trying to find out my options if I am not able to pay child support.
the question asks who pays support and while he pays maintenace i pay chld support. so i don't know how to answer that
I used to be the pay my ex child support since I was the higher earner
He is not active in her life and only pays child support.
I have a I pay child support at the moment but I had costady of the child since 8/6/19
The judge ordered him to pay all back child support by Dec. 7
My job is trying to fire me because I own child support, and tills me I have three days to pay it
i have a question I paying child support for my daughter but my health insurance is thru my job but is too expensive
I pay my x through online checking and what do I have to file if any for end of support
no I need a copy of child support document for proof that  pay child support and court  ordered for buying new house
I get lay-off how can I pay my child support
I'm unable to pay my child support
He lives in my house so how I'm paying child support
ok. but i belive papers where already filed for child support. stating he has to pay 445 bi weekly
The mother of my son doenst want to let me see him and I pay child support
In addition to child support. What else do I need to pay for.
I got divorced in 2012 my ex husband was ordered to pay child support. He paid 4x and then disappeared. What can i do?
For the corona virus my company lay off me  so I don’t have work and not money to pay child support
I have 50/50 custody.  I also pay a small amount of child support.  I would to end payments.  How would I go about it?
I avoided going through my working company because I pay personally for my children through child support online
Now, her husband told her he doesnt want to pay for child support
If I have prove that my daughter live with me do I have to pay child support
I receive chil support, can i claim the father to pay for have of the child care expences
I’m paying child support from the unemployment
I have a question. If my daughter is 16 and is having a baby. I’m I still responsible to pay child support?
The father of my kids isn’t paying child support what should I do
I currently pay child support for 2 children, I have recently been diagnosed with ALS and am being forced to retire
I have been ordered to pay child support.  However, the company  that is assigned to be middle man,  takes out any amount
I'm paying child support but I can't continue paying the same amount because I'm out of work
I'm still paying child support for 2 kids.
can’t pay child support amount
i pay child support for my younger son that lives with his mother
is it factual that a parent is required to do for each child equally eg. pays for extracurricular activities, buys clothing, pays for traveling
accding to shared custody agreement we were suppose to pay our own expenses no child support but now situation is different
My husband abandoned me and our son,  I want him to pay child support at least What can I do ?
i pay this directly to child care should I continue to pay it?
i cant pay child support anymore
Want to know more info about paying child support for a child that only lives with the paying participant not the receiving
I am afraid of getting in trouble because I can't pay child support.
the child no longer live with the mother and I’m still paying for child support
Can she plead a hardship case on support she cannot afford to pay child support, if there is such a thing
yes & also once he signs over his rights he wont have to pay child support correct?
i understand but if it’s not coming out of the child support Payments he will not pay it
My sons father owes over 11thousand in child support wat steps do I take to make him pay
i need copies of my child support obligations that i pay
So I hear a lot about child support. Does it negatively impact the non-custodial parent if they pay
i olso got injurie on my jobs no way for me to keep paying child support with working
I need help in a case that I half to pay DHHS when I’m already paying child support.
I’m a mother of three teenagers and I pay child support weekly and I have not been working since March
The father pays child support for other children
Is my spouse obligated to pay child support if I move out
But she wants me to pay for braces I give her child support as well
is his father still suppose to pay child support?
Hello! How I can remove my ex husband from child support that  he pay for my son
what should I do die hungry and keep on paying child support even she is not in the USA
Im the one paying and i dont see why i raised my child all her life
The father of my kids is not paying the child support
financially i cannot afford to pay child support until i get another job
Is there a petition when I have a hardship paying child support
I just don't want him to take me to court to pay him child support
how can i go about the debt for child support if i cannot afford to pay it all
Hi my ex husband isn’t paying my child support
That was literally paying for one of them twice because that child lived with non custodial
My exwife filled for child support. I’m just trying to find how out how much am I supposed to pay weekly.
I have no problem paying for my daughter Child support but it;s double dipping .. I think....
For example, he works short term jobs to avoid paying child support. He keeps his money out of banks to avoid paying.
I am unable to pay child support any longer
I called support and they told me that's what I need to do , because I'm still not working an can not pay support
we are already legally divorced...and he is employed...he is just chosing not to pay me support. it is willful.
I don’t mind paying child support
I would like to take my daughter father off from paying child support.
I pay child support for my daughter yes
DSS is trying to make me pay almost 9 thousand dollars for saying that I did not report income child support
I don't pay the support, I receive the support therefore Im not asking to lower the support amount.
I PAY CHILD SUPPORT 2 SOMEONE WHOM SHE HASN'T  LIVED W/ N 2 YRS AND SHE WORKS
I have been out worker since 9-30-19 judge order to pay $25 a month of child support for 2 different cases
I need documentation that I’m paying my child support
I lost my work in March , been on unemployment  since and still pay child support,  I can't afford it
I need advice on the child support im paying out of my ssi check
I have a legal question concerning child support that I am to pay
And the test was positive and now he is hidden his asset to not pay child support.
Court. We already have an order for child support the judge wants our pay stubs
We share custody, I pay child support, and am trying to be in his life
so I pay $499 and my child support go up every-time I dint pay can they stop it until I go bs k to work
I asking why i am paying child support when im legally disabled
I am trying to find out my options for not being able to pay child support
I pay child support but cant see my child
IF SOMEONE PAYS CHILD SUPPORT  UP TILL THE CHILD TURNED 21 BUT DID NOT EMANCIPATE THE CHILD DO THEY STILL HAVE TO PAY
Father of my children is not paying child support
if I do have to pay child support for her will the take inconsideration I have two other children in the house hold
I am currently paying child support to   custodian parent and currently supporting my daughter  financially and am responsible for her cost of living.
I am a non-custodial parent paying child support through Suffolk County. My child is now over 21 and want to stop the child support.
Yes. My name is Dwayne Tuff. I completed paying on child support an they're asking for money
I am worried about this... I am not working and paying child support with savings, but dont have much savings left
do you have to pay to put your child in voulentary placement
I am a non-custodial parent that I pay child support on
Hi, my ex husband has decided not pay court ordered child support. What should I do ??
Hello. I already pay child support but what if I want it re-evaluate it. Can I do that?
and i would be required to pay her child support as if the child lives with her full time ?
in regards to child support is it calculated based on a military member’s full pay or just base pay?
Up to what age is a law in NYC to pay child support?
He said he would pay for some of the additional child expenses he owes, but not the back support
Need the form to lower my child support, cannot pay it,lost job
I’m a dad who pays 400 a month to my child’s mother and wants to get court orders child support
In this instance it this considered child support then. He does pay his child support, but I thought the insurance was a separate entity.
