My child support is in Westchester county, but I now live in north Carolina
I live in Georgia - She lives in St. Lawrence County
Yes. My daughter lives in Oneida county. However I live in Madison county.
I live in Orange county she lives in Albany I'm not sure which county that is
I live in Schenectady with the kids but our family court is Albany county cause we used to live in Albany
Does Niagara County offer legal representation for students?  I heard Erie County does but we don’t live there.
I live in nassau county and my son resides in queens
We live in different counties, does it matter which county the divorce is filed?
the county my mother lived in at the time of the divorce and 4 other county clerk offices in 4 other counties. NO LUCK!
Oh thats wrong. I live in Seneca County
his father is going to be living in Albany county though.
I guess Suffolk cause that's where my aunt lives.  My father lives in Nassau county
up in Onondaga County Court when she lived in SYracuse, NY
I am looking to file against a former landlord who lives in a different county, do I have to go there to just file
Hi look for attorney licensed both in ny and pennsavania have a special case I live in chautauqua county
Yes I live in geneva but was told my home is on the seneca county side
I go to queens County court for my situation. But they live in Massachusetts
I live in Troy County but will be filing within Albany County because that is where the Respondent lives.
I live in onodaga county by but she resides in courtland and that ia where all the court hearing have been
My mother lives in westcher county does that matter?
I live Tennessee county my state. I don't live near my city
It is okay thank you and I live in yates county
My children live in Saratoga County with their mother
I live in Georgia but my son and the mother lives in Onondaga County
Thank you. I do not like in Nassau county. I live in queens county but my case is in massai
yes my husband and I live in Clinton county Ny but the guy lives in Vt
No the child does not live in Jefferson county, but it is where it was entered
I live in Westchester County and work in the Bronx
I live in Westchester county I can take her by me. If that is possible.  It would be easier
I live in berrien County and i need to know how i put my niece in foster care
a support order was started out of Pa and it was written in Dutchess County court ,where I live
the case is in Nassau County. However, I live in Queens, NY
We live in Wyoming County now but the Custody order is for Monroe County
I live in Syracuse ny Onondaga county
I live in Levittown, Nassau County, NY
Hi colleen I'm looking for a civil attorney I live in orange county ny
She lives in a separate county in my and that's all ik of her location
It's been reported but the county they live in don't do nothing
I live in CA,but the case in Delaware county
we live in schenectady county but the case is out of saratoga bc she resides there
I live in Oswego county he lives in Onondaga county
I NEED spousal money. We are married still. He just dissapeared and I have no way to reach him anymore.  He lives in Nassau county .
Will it be able to help me in my county? I don't live in that end of NY.
I live in dutchess county the father lives in Bronx.
I live in nassau county, he lives in fl.. but the test was done in nassau county like 20 years ago
I live in broome but I'm not positive of their county
They do live in Onondaga county. Yes, please send attorney referrals also.
I don't live in Brooklyn I live in Dutchess County
yes our marriage papers were from nassau county but our child and myself live in queens and my wife is in westchester
Im looking for all NYS Civil Statutes/Codes referring to child custody determination for married couples and I live in Westchester County
I previously lived in Nassau county with my fiancee. I don't have a NYC address as I am truly homeless. Will that be a problem?
i live in orange county .  I think they are doing it over the phone
How do I file a Cost of Living Adjustment petition for Erie County Family court
I got married in Westchester county.  I now live in putnam County. does it matter where I file for separation from my spouse
yes, I live in Nassau county. The accident happened in Westescher county
The order is from Putnam County,  NY and I live in Rockland County
For the elderly parent..We live in Albany county
My childrens mother lives in Westchester county
Yes, somebody has not returned something that belongs to us. We live in Albany county.
I do not live in that county, my parents do. I'm just trying to get information for them
The divorce is being  filed in a Saratoga court but the children live in Washington County
i live in Sullivan County but i have no faith in the lawyers with in this county
Where is the nearest county clerks office? I live in the Bronx 10452
I live in Clinton County, NY but my divorce was done through Saratoga County
I live in Nassau county, so I can’t use that, right?
Yes I live in Erie county NY
I live in Columbia county , my ex wife /daughters mother lives in dutchess  and that's where she filed.
the child is located in orange county new york and the person filed in another county outside of where the child was living
Hello I was wondering what petition form to fill out if my child resides with the mother in Putnam county but I live in Indiana
I am a landlord , I have apartments in Oneida, ny which is Madison county but I live in Oneida county.
I live in Niagara County, and it is not one of the counties for eligibility
And the Electronic hearing form for people who live out of the county
i live in Columbia county but my sister and the property in question is in dutchess county.
I live in Oswego county but close to Onondaga county
My granddaughter lived in Oneida County. I live in Arizona. What advice can you give me?
I live in Madison County, but the home and the seller live in Monroe county
yes I want to file a petition for visitation granddaughter lives in rochester ny Monroe county
My dad just recently died of covid-19.  Hie brother was living in Orange County.
I live in albany county but my daughter lives in manhattan. So her father has custody so would ot be a modification?
I was told that there are no housing attorneys in Steuben County or Livingston County where I lived in the apartment at
yes, we went to court before in Tompkins county, that is where they live, but i live in Niagara county
I live in Erie County, and looking for a lawyer who may help me for a divorce case
I live in erie County but my son is in Syracuse. I was told I had to file there
I live in Montgomery County and she lives in Herkimer County
Hello I living in Wyoming county and my Grandson lives in Steuben County
hello, i'm looking for some information.   i live now in rockland county, but the case i'm researching happened in ulster county. does that matter?
We live in Niagara county by this whole thing started in Erie county
He just lives a few towns away. We are all within Monroe county
they get and my grandson live in Washington county
i live in berrien County and i am trying to find help to put my niece in foster care
Yes, I live in Oneida county. A referral would be great.
Hi I currently live in Yates county, but have a home in foreclosure in Erie county
I currently live in Pennsylvania,  I was in queens county
This is a Jefferson county order, although I live in St. Lawrence.
I’m currently going to school in South Carolina. My child and his mother live in Nassau county
I live in Saratoga county but the case is in Monroe county
I live in Otsego county are they not open up yet
i live in onondaga county ny and have no way to be there personally
I live in Monroe County and he currently lives in Livingston county.
