Hello, I am looking for the financial affidavit form
what documents should I fill because they only sent me documents to reveal my financial status
judge offered me Council but now refuses to honor it because our financial situation has changed since COVID
i mean we are financially responsible for him tull 21 correct
Right so now what am I supposed to do??? Financially I'm running low cause of babysitter too
Yes i did find it on your website. The court had me fill out a financial affidavit but made their decision before receiving it.
Although the action is ongoing with financial matters ONLY (trial was had, Judge's decision was rendered, now being disputed etc.)
i am looking for the DIY financial affidavid for court
They gave me this number to ask for financial help please
And I want to know if I would qualify for financial assistance to hire an attorney in Chautauqua County
and the impact on the adoptee; social services, financial aid in college etc
Yes, I used that to file the petition. Which was great! However, it does not have the Financial Disclosure forms.
I am trying to obtain a financial disclosure form for a child support case
I think without question I should have full custody, as I was her primary caretaker and was the financial provider for the family.
Also that but also need the financial support
I have already proven paternity and sent financial support. I am now being accused of abamdonment.
I have an income and expense statement ( Financial affidavit ) filled out that the Family Court sent me via PDF file .
Hi Megan - just a question. My husband is refusing to help me financially with our child. Is there anything that can be done?
Where can I find the Financial disclosure Affidavit as I am requesting a court appointed attorney? Thank you.
So I can get my financial aid for college without having to put in their income, since they dont support me anymore.
I've been divorced for over 4yrs and no financial help from the father
The court sent me a PDF file with the financial affidavit on it
I need help getting a divorce lawyer we have 3 kids involved and I am having financial hardship.
oh got it. will i need any of his information such as financials or will he be required to provide that on his own?
I had a lawyer but do financial issues I don't have one anymore
Yes, would the family court help with the child support as well as the financial affidavit form
Hello, where can I find "Financial Disclosure" forms to print out for a Child support petition?
I need free financial aid in a divorce
When filling out a financial affidavit  for divorce. Is birthday gifts to grandchildren for $20.00 need to be added
Ill have to speak with my lawyer regarding this matter financially  thus I'm confident we'll discuss the fullest range of applicable topics
I am also in need of a financial affidavit form
i need a financial affidavit disclosure in spanish couldnt find it on the website
I need a BLANK, Financial Disclosure  Affidavit-Short form
Yes I'm seeking help in getting any financial assistance in housing. Like any programs that help with payment of rent
Well...we are waiting on subpoena's from my ex's financials.
my child lives with me majority of the time and her father does not provide any financial assistance
the case hasnt been looked at yet - on the last court date, it was postponed due to my husband not having his financial statement available
The financial support that’s promised via the affidavit of support i864
my husband has stopped helping us financially
I just need to know what documents I need to file in Surrogates Court for Guardianship of Financial Assets
Receiving pension earlier than divorce agreement.  Reason financial situation changed dramatically since divorce
after I have filled out a financial disclosure form for my child support case (I am petitioner), What is the next step?
I have been affected financially by Covid-19. I want to end my lease early. what are my rights?
Forgot to mention that I recently had to start unemployment assistance so our financial situation has changed dramatically.
Thanks.  I need to file appeal after divorce  case but attorney wont give documents i provided.  The appeal is because attorney.ignored many financial issues.
there's a financial affidavit form that i know i need to fill out
__ I have not expereinced financial hardship after march  7
Yeah, it has been incredibly stressful and the financial impact has already been substantial
But my sponsor is not responsible for me financially? Have to provide healthcare?
is there an on line financial disclosure aff i can fill out on line?
Ok thank you. Do they work on a financial sliding scale? Money is a problem
I'm struggling financially and can't wait anymore
I am interested in getting information on how someone would become a financially emancipated student.
Please explain how I can get a subpoena for these financials.
I supplied my lawyer with all my financials and everything they asked for
Having difficulty submitting my financial affidavit through EDDS
I am currently supporting her financially and am responsible for her cost of living.
I do not think we would qualify for them, their financial guidelines.
What are the chances of getting an attorney with the financial constraints we face right now
Do I need a lawyer? Her father is an alcoholic & has hardly been in our daughter's life, nor has he contributed any financial assistance
need to act on behalf of my elderly mother in financial matters
I just need a blank Financial Disclosure form to fill out
I wasn’t Assigned an attorney yet but I was told that I do qualify with my financial situation
I SUPPORT HIM FINANCIALLY ME AND MY FAMILY! HE LOVES ME AND I LOVE HIM. HE SLEEPS OVEE MY PLACE ON WEEKENDS..
Is there anything like any financial assistance for citizens during the virus outbreak in ny?
I need to break a lease and want to know what I would be responsible financially
Due to the bureaucratic nature of the EDDS. I was having difficulty submitting my financial affidavit.
is there any service available? I will also be submitting a financial disclosure affidavit for a court appointed attorney.
Yes  do I need a financial disclosure form also?
need to be responsible for her medical and financial affairs
like i said, I’ve been sick a lot, I have no financial resourcea
i live in orange county. i am going through financial difficulty right now and am unable to pay the debt or a lawyer
He doesn’t want to help financially. What are my daughters rights?
Also, if by doing so, would I have any financial obligations to bills she might owe?
Yes something like that meaning financial assistance
Need help Sueing Ditech Financial for Damages and need to know all of my rights
She gave me her financial documents but only selected pieces
Wow, how can the law make it even harder for women, who have been denied the financial support ordered by the court.
hi , actually in this financial hardship situation i am unable to pay past dues and further payment so what i should do??
I had heard that those being sponsored cannot be eligible for Medicaid/sponsors are financially responsible.
divorce in NY - child custody and financial laws
I need my transcript from a university in NYC, a financial hold was put on it, what to do?
does family court have a financial affidavit disclosure in spanish
I’m trying to print out a financial disclosure affidavit (short form).
I'm trying to file for Financial Hardship
