what is the child support regulation/law for a child over 21 attending college?
her attorney installed a live-in home attendant who has been a horror show.
I am a New Jersey resident and have a 20-year son who attends Vassar College in Poughkeepsie, NY.
also my child attend private school because of religious purposes, can that be included in the order?
I am attending via conference call since I am overseas but I get what you are saying
If the child works and does not attend college does that falls under those requirements?
We were told if child takes a break, we are no longer obligated.  Child failed out of college because he simply didn't attend class.
Hi, I applied for assistance with NYS after I was unable to attend Court and my business stopped producing income in Mid-March.
but some lawyer that represented me just stopped months before court n never got to attend it
I live in and will be attending court in Steuben County, is there anything closer?
My child is no longer attending school she is now working  two job and she is also a parent
I attend school full time and work full time
if I’m suppose to appear in court for a child support case tomorrow, do I still attend even with this corona virus?
it is am open case.  My daughter has many notes from DRs stating she is not able to attend trial
and i now have no place to live no food or ability to attend class any longer
The advocate was attending school meetings with me but yet cps is still perusing these charges against me
We need a lawyer who can attend mediation meeting
child does attend college as far as we know....
I am supposed to attend a hearing on the matter tomorrow.
My daughter is attending to syracuse university and got a lease contract begins August 3 2020 but she decide to take online course.
Can u find a lawyer that can attend the appeal for me
He is asking me to take custody so he can attend college early
But I won't be able to attend coz I have an exam for college
Have a situation with my college student son who attends school in Los Angeles
Looks like "Sangbo" has called it a day. No doubt had an antifa rally to attend. Oh well, such is life in our Woke world ...
He's not attending college full time
Hello I need to get a list of all the dates that attended child support court in westchester
or is this petition to be submitted to Supreme Court.  He attends public school
Can your employer  use your court appearance  against  your attendance
I have attended court and the judge states that I need to file a writ of habeas corpus
Works part time will attend college
Unfortunately, she's unable to return to work because she has blood clots in her lungs and cannot work...she's a Home Attendant
I attended but the guards said the courts are close
i have proof that it was done by a licensed plumber. i will be away and cant attend
hello I would like to get a list of the dates that attended child support court.
soy home attendant mi nombre es welma
possible law suits vs my school inwhich i attended
Brooklyn NY - I was attending foster care classes but I had got suspended because of seal unfounded neglect case
If I attend court without a petition how can I represent myself
i need to find the form to request to attend court by phone in westchester/white plains
My niece is going into rehab. What do I need to obtain custody of her infant while she attends?
He is not working, will be attending City Tech this month.
she still is clean, attends school and doctor appointment regularly
For custodial access when I am home on leave and liberty. Also, to ensure children stay in their school and maintain good attendance
