me and my wife got to agreement and would like to close the case
My ex wife left to another state with my child without my consent and I will like to file a petition in family court nyc
i was askink my lawyer about my wife want to divorce
Hello. I want to know if the wife and husband are both illegal immigrants, can the wife file for child support in the Bronx.
well i thought that was strange and e-mailed my wife
Hi I want to file for support modification. To have myself removed from my fathers WIFES insurance.
i have a case of child support in court and my ex wife wants alimony
I am separated from my wife and I would like to file for custody for my child
I am desperate to get help before my ex wife comes after me with her attorneys
Yes. His wife just wants out due to the illness .
I have a couple issues on is for a divorce amd the other is my ex wife ams slandering my business and my name
can child support be removed by the ex- wife anytime?
I feal me and my wife RIGHTS have been violated I’m tryna get professional help
ｉ need lawyer help me apply i485 and my wife apply 730
I'm trying to get information on rights for a legal wife to make decisions on spouse if he has a girlfriend
I want to file for custody for my Child, my wife and I are separated
Ok. Ex will remarry soon. is it affect to reduce child suppport as he need more money to live with new wife ? Can he?
Ex wife also, sold said property and moved when in divorce decree it was agreed that she remain in the family home
My wife and I are separated and I would like to file for custody for my child
great so my wife and I got Married in Jamaica
Ok, my divorce was final on March 2013, X wife is refusing to comply with the divorce agreement
4 years, in the care of the guardian( the ex wifes mother) we have visited very recently ( jan 27, 2020and june of 2019
I mean I served it to my wife after 20 days.
My wife and i have been separated for the last 6 years
I am currently living in Queens, however, my ex wife put down our address in LI.
How many years apart do me and my wife have to be before we are legally separated?
It was about an argument I had with  my wife were she had me arrested with a no contact order.
Hi, I wanted to know if my ex wife violated our divorce decree can I bring her back into court
Hi. I have a separation agreement with my ex wife
My wife committed adultery more then once I’m trying to figure out who to call or what to do
His ex wife is.fighting us on all his estate including his ashes.
my ex wife lives in the Bronx ny
I’m in divorce process, my wife terminated my health insurance, what can I do about it?
Hello Deanna I was Chatting with you before about my court case and my wife having me arrested after an argument
I’m legally married and my wife has left with our two children out of state
hi Lindsey, my wife and i are planning to file for a divorce. is it possible during this covid19 time?
I would like to get the papers at least started so I can surprise my wife for Christmas
I am filing for divorce and want to receive child support from my wife
My wife took my 2 yr old son last Thursday and is not allowing me to see or speak to him.
Also how do I  file for divorce ? I think my wife made me buy this house because she is definetly sleepin with my cousin
im going through a divorce and my wife doesnt want to split custody
my daughter is living with my wife and I don’t know where they are. My wife is hiding my daughter from me
wife wants a divorce and there are two kids. 14 and 17. both have birthdays in february
how much money should to pay for a child in new york a man divorcing his wife
Want to file a no fault divorce. My wife doesn't want to sign. What can I do
she is also demaining my wife and putting the kids against my wife
My ex changed his beneficiary to include his new wife and has me at 50% beneficiary
I have a question. Can I man bring a civil suit against his ex wife for paternity fraud & seek money that was previously paid?
Hi.. I would like married support from my wife
I need help with my wife’s DSS case. She’s being accused of welfare fraud but it’s impossible.
is there a legal penalty for attempting to get my wife to certify for me?
then i guess compensation for the nightmare me and my wife have been through in the last 7 days
What do I need to do to get reimbursed monies from my ex wife?
My ex wife withheld property in our divorce decree
Conversation was about a dispute between a husband and wife. Both are involved in a divorce case.
My wife filed for a divorce. She has hired a lawyer
Yes my ex wife moved there and filed for custody/ child support and won. I need to go to get both amended.
My ex wife is refusing to let me see my kids and we have a court agreement
My ex wife wife to get full custody of my daughter
My daughter don't want to come back because of my wife.  Wife is depressed for the last 6 years and is not getting any better.
My wife won't let me see my baby boy
he is an essential worker in a psychatric hospital AND a volunteer fireman and his wife works outside home.
My fiance is trying to get a divorce from his wife
my ex wife filed for divorce and told me that we were legally divorced how could I find out if that’s true
If my wife is having a baby within the next 3 weeks, am i eligible for PFL if i
I want 2 get a divorce from my wife
between me and my wife we make over hundred thousand and the court in the first they want me paid 558.00 dollars weekly
Can I adopt my wife’s son with out the fathers consent cause my wife has sole custody
Hi - We live in NYC and are pregnant (my wife) and therefore high risk for covid.
My ex wife file order of protection includes my 4.5 year old daughter can i file a enforcement of visitation so
i filed spousal visa and it was denied too because my divorce to my ex wife was not finalized until 2015
Hello, I’m low income and I need divorce lawyer since my wife filed for divorce and sent me the notes
Hello, im looking to modify child custody that i have with my ex wife
like what are the residency requirements for me and my spouse. I am a resident of Schenectady County but my wife is not
My wife abandoned the marriagemoved out the house  and allows me to see the children when it’s convenient for her
my wife filed for divorce and i did not recive or sign off any paper after 30 days
Yes ..i was arrested for being at my wife house with an open case
I would like to divorce my wife. We have custody papers all taken care of already. How can I file for divorce on DIY Forms?
my dad died in NV but lived in AZ his wife refuses to send me his daughter any of his ashes
My wife and her new husband are not let me to see my kids
I need an attorney.  My wife put me out of our home and I can not afford my own place.  She wants a divorce.
My ex wife canceled my child support, but there still taking deducting my pay check
I want custody of my daughter and a divorce from my wife cause she cheated how do I go about that
My wife is pregnant so we are concerned the smoke may be harmful
i was married and during that time my now ex wife had a child for someone else
I need to file a divorce, I’m living here in Queens NY and my wife is in TN
What will the new spouses' income determine? My wife makes double my salary, which will offset the households quite a bit.
I need temporary housing assistance for me and my disabled wife.
my wife filed for divorce papers to the lawyer
My wife applied for spouse visa in February2019
i am in a pending divorce case with my ex wife
But my wife wants to divorce me. Can I still get the money from her for those costs?
im  trying to get a divorce and prove my wife was doing and its continuing to commit adultery
In 2 months I will have served my 10 year of ex wife support.
My wife took the baby went to another country. I  filed Hague conversation
the x wife have been seprated over 40 years
to find out if my wife even filed for divorce or not
Wife stay home and do nothing but I wanted to know if the court will grant me child support from her
Hi. How do I file a downward modification form for monthly support to my ex wife
Hello me and my wife are self represented in a divorce court in NY
She turned into a very nasty and evil woman and hated my 2nd wife and my soulmate that I love dearly
I would like to apply for a humanitarian preolee visa for my wife and my mom plz
I need to become executor of my wifes estate.. what form do i file?
I really want to divorce my wife She cheated on me twice
My wife has a mental disorder bibloar dulusional
On March my ex wife kicked my 2 sons of her home
Is there someone I should contact because the mother took the child back to her home with her wife
Hello I got a divorce in 2018 but I still in the same house with my 5 kids and ex wife
My son is20 and moved out of my ex wife’s house. Do I still have to pay support ?
I text to my ex wife and she won’t answer since two week and I want to know how is my son doing
Hi my wife filed divorce case
