Determining in which state a petition for custody can be made, when the separated parents live in different states
I know the state he is in and the store name where he works but that's it.
will you please email to me this state statements above mentioned for my records.
on the dol handbook it says you’re qualified if you’re in United States , territory
question regarding the child support in Connecticut State
for me going to NYC Mayors office, the department of health for city and state
I would like legal help to relocate to another state with my child
Im seeking information about getting an annulment in the state of NY
Hello where could I find information regarding setting up visitation order with a noncustodial parent who lives out of ny state
We have joint. Father lives in another state.
there for i am afraid united state will lose jurisdiction so im tring to see what my options are
I have a debt that has gone into judgement with the state of ny attorney general from a college that I believe is invalid
how can I go about filing a petition for child support for my daughter that resides with me and the mother resides in another state?
I'm receiving SSDI as well and workers comp covers a portion of pension and the state pays the dofference
the invoice i have states the..as of April 27
Sorry, SCR. State Central Register
I would like to petition my spouse for support, we are still married but I currently live in another state.
How would I go about this. We have an old order stating I am primary physical custody
Do you help with out of state cases involving father’s rights?
i need information on the steps to remove child support. The parent is out of state and I am in Ny
For a non-resident they must be personally served while physically in NY state?
i am in NY, but the mother is currently in another state
Is child support in ny state 50/50?
Yes, i need to relocate out of NY state due to work.
yes i also was charged with child support in two different states which is illegal
Not paying through the state on line checking Acct and up to date
She died in Batavia NY in Wyoming county and I live in another state
Is there a main form to request relocation to another state?
How can I find out if my name is on the state registry list
I have family out of state. I want to leave the state but this is part of the problem.
i have to wait until someone physically hurt my child for the state to protect her?
Understood, I live out of state. I'm really hoping support payments end after obligations are fulfilled. Ty
I also live in a different state and have no had any assistance over the phone
She was born and has lived all her life here in NY... SHe has been away for less than a month ffrom her home state.
or that medicaid is a federally mandated program that has practically bankrupt two-thirds of the state of union and was never funded at all
I would like advice on taking an internship and continuing to collect unemployment in Mew York State
Okay no problem but in NY state is a notice required before a lay off ?
what is the statue of limitations for NY State department of labor to recover the money?
the online reviews are stating that this agency is corrupt and run by unethical licensed professionals.
Thank you. Also this situation involves custodial surrender from one state to another state in the USA
How can I file a restraining order on someone who is not in state
I also live in another state from the mother
I need cert. disposition for my DWI from 1994. For a state position. how can I receive this with covivd 19 going on
I am in the United States on a J1 visa, I entered the United states legally
Yes I am for right now I’m in another state but I need to come back to nyc to file for custody
They also stated  that if I do not come back that I will be forced to resign.
I need a deposition from the court. I live in another state.  How can I get an attorney to obtain the depostion?
My child and I are NY state residents.  Can a GA court assume jurisdiction and enact an emergency custody order?
What I’m asking about is specific to NY State
Thank you! I’ve tried three interactive version but, being out state it didn’t allow me to continue.
does it matter is the parent lives in a different state?
Hi I’m trying to get a state or federal documentation stating who I am for arbor housing and development
I have gain custody from this state and the judge ordered me to file for support in NY were we live
Either way, it would require dragging the baby from state to state
child  relocation  to a different state. i no longer wish to pursue it. how can i close the case
Sure, the Act states that once a child has lived in a state for six months, that state has jurisdiction over any custody proceedings...
What is a warrant for child support back payment that states must be filed with the county clerk?
? That is what I am asking. But sometimes the city folk think that they are separate from state unless you live in the city.
I already have DNA results stating he is not the biological father.
Can I apply for daca if I came to the United states in 2015
uccjea is when the child is out of state. the child is in NY
I'm in another state and won't be able to travel to the court
What form do I need to give my teenager to  va the state
But I don’t know if I was supposed to receive some sort of letter stating this ?
How do I get a child support order so I can transfer my case to another state
Now Aetna reversed all the payments on 4/14/2020, stating they made an error as the coverage was not valid after 12/28/2019
SSDI changed how much the overpayment was and stated
So the state won't take action until I take him to court.
The state of marriage, the state of divorce, or the state of where the children reside
i was trying to find fotrms online but i couldn't specifically for NY state
Hello.  I want to file for child support for a ex spouse that live out of state
Yes when we get permission to transfer to Washington State
I need assistance with converting a court Filiation from a jurisdiction outside of the USA to a court filiation within the state of NY
I tried doing research on the Internet na d emaild various city and state angecies to no avail
And 2 letterfrom customer stated why she gave them to me
I am using the NY state health insurance and I heard that the new law will depart any one using this kind of insurance
I did this and they stated because I was a 1st timer, they can only give me an extrension to the 30th of the month(April)
I would like an attorney to help me prepare a QDRO.  I already have a divorce decree that states the breakdown.
I'm getting support from my daughter for my grandson and she received a letter stating support will be paid from her ssd
We have a current order, states she is with me Sunday to Thursday shared placement shared custody
Not sure who to contact form the state or where to get help from the state to stand up for myself.
The article I stated is very general. I need more information.
i see. But if the Child lives in a different state currently, does that change the jurisdiction?
My sister is in detention, she brings a baby and she was denied entry to the United States.
how take my daaughther out her father insurance since he lives out ny states and  increase child support
I worked in multiple states including NY so want to check the eligibility
no matter who violates it whether by the state gov, private citizen, corporation etc
need assistance finding a lawyer for a ny state inmates release due to covid-19
hi! I have a question about unemployment debt NY state is saying I owe
even if they are living in a different state for over 3 years?
Is this (212) 343-1122 for NY State or the City?
Where is this information coming from? Where is it stated on OTDA website?
some parts states about the military but I’m not in the military
Tax collection action by IRS, NY state & PA
How do I go about reporting someone for immigration Fraud? My husband, Ivan Dudnik fogged his visa to illegally ent the United States
Does the CARES act PUA allow me to continue to collect NY State Unemployment as a result of not making a profit.
My kids father live in another state . He always callin the police on me to do wellness check and threaten me
now I finally have him everyone is home and he is in another state
I need help with acquiring documents to help lift the suspension on my ny state permit
She violated the order and stated that she won’t give them to me next week as well and so on.
can I sue all of them in the united states court?  Or a higher court?
The parents are not in the picture. One lives out of state and the other one is homeless.
I'm looking for a self-help form to terminate a month-to-month tenancy in the State of NY (outside NYC).
I gave verbal consent to an agreement but I wasn’t in the right state of mind
They continued to demand that I come to work stating that this was not specific enough
The state chosen as meet midpoint mentioned a report could not be made on their end.
In what circumstances can the state take the child away
One dr had already been charged by the state and the other, that investigation is still ongoing.
He has physical custody while I have visitation. I can take my child out of state as long as it isn't for permanent residence
How do I get a letter stating how much I owe in child support?
Do I need to contact a lawyer in the state he died in or the state where his assets are?
owner is nephew of neighbor and lives out of state
Hello there I wanted to know what do I do to terminate a case being that I live in another state now
Would this lead to forms for the state of Delaware
when I had my interview date the ny state decided to cancel everything and they never called me
My i130 petition is current. I am in the United States of America. I need a lawyer to continue the process for me.
yes, I know, we waiting on the state update, when can we reopen
In this letter it states that I owe 557$ for Human services and Adult probation
I will be relocating to NY - where my ex-wife and daughter reside. She currently has custody through an agreement in the state where I reside.
can not find forms specifically for NY state
Thank you. If I had to leave the location to another state would I file custody in the current state or the previous state
I have an hearing with NY State department of health for my son.
I am looking for the form that would allow me to register an out of state divorce/custody order
I left the state because I was so fearful and I couldn't even go outside
Can unemployment be filed on NY state on H1 visa
I would hope so.. part of their ruling stated:
Is there any federally funded services to be provided according to the state constitution giddion mandate
what can be the reason for the state to take my baby away
how do i find out if i have my name on the state central registry
I tried to get it transferred but ss stated that if I brought him to court there it would stay there
would providing a doctors note from my fathers doctor help, stating all of his risk factors
I  being told I will lose paternity rights due to prenatal abandonment. Citing I live out of state amd do not support her.
I believe my spouse has filed for divorce online from another state, where can I get advice on what to do
i have the Order already in the divorce it’s states 50:50
90 days from February 19 for federal court the state is two years
Days after that, I received a letter from bank stating that the carwas reassigned to dealer and that I should continue payments with dealer.
I recieved a letter stating I'm being sued for unpaid consumer debit.
I file complaints with the state of NY her director and nothing
Thank you  . In terms of beneficiary laws here in NY state, do we need spouse or husband written consent to replace beneficiary on the account
yes absolutely so let me rephrase my question. how would the state find him neglectful? How can I prove that?
her father took her and has been jumping states with her now he has filed for custody in NY
Yes, because I do know my right I have stated them plus listed them and they are being ignored.  Thanks
Does NY City and State accept online notarizations?
Do you have a DIY NY State last will and testament form?
do i have any assistance from the state or city in allowing my landlord to let me out??
he stated he will continue the current visitation schedule
It has been a year now, NYCHA has not kept to the agreement that was stated in court.
There was an item on local news this AM stating that Riverdale Bronx not getting mail delivery, but no explanation or solution
Its states about education but I see no education tab
Hi, I need help with filing a Certificate of Voluntary Administration from another state.
That's it. I can take it from there. I also live in a different state.
I can not affort to file "supena to quast in 48 states" if Strike Three LLC file "order to disclose" in every court
This is federal court that mean this court has jurisdiction to all states in USA and what about jurisdiction to other countries.
but theres this thing with the in state and out state tution fee
What if you have a child support order in one state and move out of that state, does your order change?
In Rochester NY,  does "LawNY" have a particular person to help apply for Medicaid & ESSHI (Empire State Supportive Housing Initiative)?
I have a question about the validity of a will executed by NY residents in another state.
Of course, the parent filed for custody already well within the time when NY is still. Home state and jurisdiction of the child.
If I'm using the NY state short form
to be honest i asked my son to file the form and he is outside of  country but i am in states
Do I have to pay the tickets for my daughter to visit him if I relocate myself in another state?
i will try to phase the question within the guidelines stated above
1. My spouse is out of state and I do not know how to locate him. Can I file in either state?
I am just trying to find the appropriate form, as indicated to modify out of state custody.
I wanted to know the legal aspects of applying for asylum while in the United States for religion reasons
How do I go about getting a divorce from my husband that is sentenced to 40 years in another state
I need a business loan is ny state giving them out ?
i live out of state so I need to file online
I can’t get a myDMV because I have an out of state license
Hi. Do a non-custodial parent have to be serve if they live in another state?
The petition states that debts and expenses must be paid prior to filing. What is an example of debts?
Plus he dont have a address be bounces from state to state and i dont want my child to leave oneida county
a memo from the landlord states the project will be 8-10 weeks
does the state of NY require a court order for me to obtain this?
Basically I’m asking legally can the petioner add on criminal charges after they stated that they had not pressed charges
Yes with State Farm and 3 days after they cancelled a tornado touched down and took most of my back roof off.
so your saying to file in the state i currently reside in ?
with al the details,because I find this quite complicated with the states
They stated they couldn't help me as its a fruad case
He was paying . He request soo many times include the new baby and for the minimum of the  state and never they answer
yes the terms of child support are clearly stated
I need a lawyer in the United States of America
I am petitioner in a state case that was removed to federal court.
I have tried calling but cannot get through. I live out of state
Perfect, thank you! also, if I need to switch my case from the state of NY to FL, how do I do that?
What determines child support above the net cap set by ny state
this is in regards to out of state visitation to MS, it is a travel restricted state
child going out of state not providing me with information
I pay x through my bank Acct not through the state
i had a question about if Ny state allows siblings to get custody of younger siblings
I'm just wondering if my daughters daycare would abide by my wishes if they have an order that states he can take her.
I do not live in the state of ny but he did and i was trying to do it online
We went to the lab that the State of NY uses
Hello I want to know how to start a child support case in NY, I live in another state and need help finding the father
