I have an ACD from like 10 years ago. Would that show up on a background check for an apartment application?
Okay that’s what I want, his biological father have not been around in years
Oh and HAPPY NEW YEARS 🥳 TO U MS.Bennet!!!
originally agreed for lesser 2 years ago but found different
That day Claro helped me amend my answer. This is a year ago
I need a downward modification I place a year ago please advise
Is a will from 55 years ago still valid
I filed case a year ago Docket #: F-13371-18/19A
Good evening Charles, and happy new year
Child dropped out of school years ago
Ten years ago a friend totaled my car. i never received any compensation for it
I filed a modification via email with the courts earlier this year
Merry christmas and happy new year !!!!!!!!!
2 years ago they went to court and she got custody with visitation to father
He basically keeps giving him more and more beer...the 2dt 2 years were the worst because he had an accomplice... He evicted him.
i have lived in this place for 5 years they have been there for 1 year and it’s been nothing but a nitemare
Hello, looking for help to obtain a CRD from a local court, regarding a charge from over 10 years ago.
We were never married . I earn about $82,000 / year and he earns over $200,000 /year. How much child support should I be getting ?
thats my aunt ben going there for 25 years
So all my belongings were left in his garage five years ago. All that is basically garbage
Yes I first wanted mediation he said he wouldn’t do it over a year ago
I left my husband 13 years ago.
I was thrown off a year ago while in hospital and the landlord turned off my lights without permission
also note that this involves the flatiron school -  the attorney general received a settlement against them 2 years ago
i apply asylum 15 years ago
The last I did anything was probably 8 years ago when I first became unemployed, I filed a modification then for unemployment
No, that was over a few years ago and it was just the one time we used them just to do the divorce
ive already moved out over a year ago
One year waiting list.  I do not have a year.
IRS tax. but this year I earn $50,000 less
Being sued by hospital and dr office my name only for lastv6 years
w had a court day 3 years ago and I was told that I own money...
The only problem is...this is 20 years ago and I don't have any paperwork from it
I got deported a 13 years ago,
Unemployment I forgot to file for years ago
Downtown Brooklyn Courthouse. About 22 years I go
Is there a reason why they weren’t terminated when the case was open 8 years ago?
My case has benn going on for 2 years, and I expect it to continue for at least another couple years.
Im safe and this hapoened from years 2011 to 2014
Yes but from PA he moved to NY 5 years ago
Sorry the tested last year when trying to sell thier home so been one year sense they known and new landlords been sense sept 2019
I was a stay at home mom before all this began three years ago
yes hi there & happy new year -
Thank you. Child was adopted 19 years ago. Bio parent still receiving child support bill
First is my mother forced me to sign over account and power of attorney years ago or I would've had no place to stay
Hi Grace! If I file a homestead by 4/30/20 how many years preceding this year can I recoup property taxes?
the order was from about ten years ago and i need a copy as i lost the original.
im trying to purchase a gun but get deny because of a charge that I have from 23 years ago
Idk if they are just giving him chances but it’s two years of BS
I am trying to get my license back due to past unpaid tickets from years ago.  No moving violations or DWI.
i been a HSBC bank customer more than 15 years
You think I'm waiting another year for nothing
I told my mother of the rape a couple years ago
The test was done 15 years ago I know the process I’m looking to get a copy of the results from them
Mom also has to waiting 3 years elapse in order to be qualify Medicaid again , right ?
It's a family court matter at this stage as her divorce is final almost 4 years ago
but I separated from the pope a year ago and on the advice of a lawyer told me to submit the custody documentation
5 days ago we learned about the baby's existence
I need legal help with my husband. We are separated but not legally. I moved out 2 years ago and he won't leave me alone
but medicaid has a rule which is if you enroll with it you have to stay in that insurance for a year
Two years ago I lost custody of my four year old because I wasn’t compliant with court never went
I just want to know in details why I am not eligible in three years. Things do go up every year....
Its been a bad marriage for a few years now.at this point theres not turning back.i just want my freedom
thank you again,be safe and happy new year to you and your family
I did not have a court hearing for it....was issued 3 years ago
My mom and I have been living in this condition for over 15 years it has be come unlivable
for 4 years of marriage to ex spouse
I  need help with divorcing. I was in a DV shelter with my 4 kids 4 years ago and I want to divorce my husband
I was married for 17 years and have been divorced for 3 years.  Can I go back to court and ask for alimony
my problem is:2 days ago someone's dog bit me
I refile the GF-17 just 2 days ago.
I would like to get information or seek legal assistance on overturning an other than honorable military discharge from 20 years ago.
He was depressed few years ago, now what’s left is anger that he takes on everyone.
I am a ssi recipient and have been separated from my estranged husband for  about 5 years
A week. And two weeks ago for about three days.
Twenty five year ago I committed  an A2 felony, I would like to know if there is a possibility I can seek a pardon.
My son has been wrongfully convicted years ago  I have been trying to get help for him and noone helps
We (my family) needs a copy of a custody modification order from a few years ago.
Hi I filed a petition for MOD 2 years ago.
Judge signed the court papers a year ago
im currently 44 years ol
25 years ago I received a DWAI, misdemeanor.
Trying to watch my mom for a year really
A petition was filed for neglect a year ago and since then the child is now 18 an adult
I heard there was a case a few years ago and the money they stopped from our ssd checks , was to be returned
I  signed the AOP form years ago and would like to challenge it because i have not been allowed to see the child
one was from last year and it happened again this year so we are contacting the court
He was deportared to Mexico 16 years ago
Custody / Parenting was resolved in court a little over two years ago and a final order was issued by the Court
my parents created a will 35 years ago. How do they go about updating it?
Divorce decree was signed in June of this year
i just mailed petition week and a half ago no response from court
Where can I  find the form to petition for the 3 year review of the fathers salary for CS
yes i bought it 28 years ago but lost at foreclosure in may2019
Well i got separated  like 4 years ago
I left my husband 2 years ago because he beat me like a man and almost knocked my teeth out of my mouth
Had cps cases against my wife and I for maltreatment around 2 years ago so my mother-in-law sued for custody.
Don’t know what ya mean , I have a year to year lease
2018 tax file for $27000 a year and most likely I'm same income or less a year of 2019
The case is Mary Booth vs Phillis Harris was 5 years ago
Their birth mother abandoned them years ago
mother died years ago but i just foundmout she left money for me but i dont know how to find out about it
That was my understanding but owner says we defaulted 2 and half years ago and now we are renting but never informed me
2- I owe child support but I been paying that money 3 years ago
wow I just realized I was in Fresno 17 years ago. I am in St Lawrence county
The biological father has had nothing to do with my child in almost 9 years
Have been legally separated for six years. He is know filling for divorce.
My lawyer said I might of lost a year of my 3 year retro can I fix it
I am an injured USPS employee with 34 years
My case was about 2 years ago in the Queens family court and I misplaced that last support order.
But I don't my husband from India and it is going to 10 years .We r imformally sepreted
I’ve been dealing with it for a long 10 years .. I’m so tired .
Hi my mom has my oldest grandson he lives with her and has been for almost two years
They tried this 2 years ago as well and actually refused to send him home from the other parents in florida
Yes. I know. Makes me remember why i went in the first place. 15 years ago.
Yes my daughter father died 3 years ago and he is still receiving child support payments
For my oldest son. But that was almost 10 years ago and me and his mom worked it out outside of court
I file for paternity 6 years ago
The home was sold two years ago
where can I get a copy of a family court petition do ten years ago
The company freelotto  is not paying  my yearly instalment
And not get bitten in the ass years later from any payments
the divorce has been finalized 2 years ago
My husband haven't been in this country almost for 3 years and I am married to him and I want to get divorced
I have been married for the past 6 years, 4 of those years I have lived separately from my husband in another state
my husband abandoned me 5 years ago. what legal rights do i have?
I am trying to terminate the payments but it was so long ago that the year 1978 will not show past 1988
Thank you it bothers me everyday for 3 years
32 years ago I got $10000 student loans
This is my 4th different laywer in 3 years....
I recieved a document  that aformer business I  was with is being sued by an insurance company.the business has not existed  for over 10 years
We have been paying for about 4 years now and circumstances have changed.
We have a child whom is 9 and highly functioning autistic. Our marriage has been over for years and we are both well over 18.
my daughter of 5 years and 6 years
I'm one year into a two year lease
Thank you.  So do I....  Merry Christmas and a Happy New Years!
have an amazing day and happy new year!
My child support order was set when I had a really good job which was 15 years ago
THANK YOU.  IT WAS AWFUL.  IT HAS BEEN AN AWFUL TWO YEARS.
I am legally married 6 years and live separately from my husband. I am seeking marriage support.
Okay. I had greencard for 10 years and I am in Brooklyn
I’m being sued for an accident I had over three years ago, and I need representation
my mom and dad did it like 25 years ago
I tried this about 2 years ago with my daughter, I used a service that provided an online wizard.
Never thought in a million years I’d be in a situation like this!! I’m absolutely embarrassed.
I’m separated from my husband almost three years ago
Custody was settled and Court Orders were for Custody & Parenting were issued in June of 2018 ( a little over two years ago)
I need help to find out what to do in my case... i got married in brooklyn like 13 years ago...
but last time i saw my son was about 2 years ago
He bought the building from the family who'd owned it for 60 years
i moved to buffalo, ny 6 years ago
Basic order my divorce was finalized 6-7 years ago
No.  I had one installed more than 4 years ago and submitted the plans to the management office and now they're threatening me.
It was put in place about 9 years ago
I have a temporary residence with conditions for only two years
3 YEARS AGO I HAD A FALL AND REINJURED MY BACK WAS BEDRITTIN COULD NOT DO ANYTHING IM TOTALLY ON MY OWN TO FIGHT
And I have had any arrest of any kind or any restraining orders of any kind in 6 years
I need a modification to a custody agreement thats 10 years
this is in regards to money owed from 9 years ago, would this still be where i would go
I filed a Support modification a year ago Docket #: F-13371-18/19A
I was wondering if I already started a child support case over a year ago, but let it lapse, do I have to re-file?
I am a resident I moved to the US only 3 years ago and married my spouse shortly after.
It was a divorce 20 years ago but Family court did the modification
i think that takes 3 years of marriage
I just cannot change the year to 1978 on this program unless you can for me?
I need help locating a file number for custody case from 4 years ago. How can I obtain that information?
Ye she filed taxes 2 years ago on the business
I was wondering where I could look up information about a court date that was filed a year ago
can I do it online with out the support order because I’m still being charged and she has been deceased over a year
Separated from the father of my kids one year ago
8 days ago we learned about the baby's existence
I had one but it was years ago and we never changed it
I MOVED 4 YEARS AGO. I BELIEVE I NO LONGER HAVE THEM
Yes, they received custody about 6 years ago
Also at sentencing, after a 18 year plea, the DA added another year on. Can that year be taken off
Got fired because of my conviction that happen 7 years ago which is for weed.
i signed an AOP for a child seven years ago but I have serious doubts that I am the biological father.
if i am married less than a year can I get an annulment?
you had a event 3 years ago where you gave or had stacy friedman as the guest. She is legal counsel for jp morgan chase
25 years ago was a long time, lol...
we have normally had a year to year lease but it was not signed again this year because she simply avoided us.
I would like to file a petition for visitation of my children that moved out of state a few years ago.
im a nurse practitioner of 18 years
I made multiple complaints to 311 for 2 years and there’s no change
In 3 years the landlord has not come in once to check the fire alarms/ carbon ditectors
After 20 years, does this sound like a fair deal?
I am trying to get copies of my custody papers that have already been filed and set a couple years ago
