Hello, I would like to know information about submiting a custudy petition form
Question : how do I find out if his estate has been submitted to probate?
can you send me the form so I could filled it out right away and submitted it?
I have submitted  a scar petition for excessive assessment
I’ve submitted violations before Covid-19 close the courts and the referee just dismisses all the violations I’ve submitted
i submitted a form on the ny courts website that is what i was instructed to do by the court clerk when i called
is there a way you can assist a mom in need of filling out and submitting a PINS  to the Queens Family Court?
I need to the form online and submitted it but it’s not letting me through
I need to find which form that i have to submit to evict my cheating ex boyfriend
Okay, so there's a chance that my son can submit his modification?
He can even submit a modification because the courts are closed.
i filled out a custody modification form for Erie county NY. How can I submit it online?
Now since I finished the GF-17, how do i submit it to court
I submitted a help ticket moments ago
I need information on how and where to submit evidence,  as well as how to subpoena records
yes please because I needed this form to be submitted like yesterday. My child safety is depending on it.
can you advise me of the forms I may need to submit? and tell me if it is too late for me to submit some?
i would like to submit a petition to modify my custody agreement electronically with EDDS. How do I do this?
i am requesting form for custody and website to submit
What does the term Defect mean on paper works  submitted
I would like to submit documents stating that the child has been in my costady
And can I submit online or do I have to go to Family court
I  submitted documents w an online system but I don’t have a docket number, no one ever got back to me
I want to use the EDDS system, but I need help finding the form to submit
Im trying to submit my pay stubs
Hello how do I fill for custody on line and how do I submit to get a docket number and court date
yes, but I dont know where tu submit it
Hello, I need assistance in how to submit a form for a file for custody
I want to know if I can submit it while still pregnant
I need help finalizing my case, my attorney is holding my file hostage, not submitting the papers to the court
dont need any just getting the form n submitting it elecctronically
i would like to submit a writing for a stipulation of settlement
i am trying to file a paternity form . I filled up by online but how can i submit online to system of court ?
I submitted form I-90 but the case is taking too long
Thank you. With Coronavirus, am I able to submit any appropriate documents online?
I need a list of what documents I need to submit to the Court to start a case
Being that courts are closed is there a way to submit a petition
The court has not established a case through the support unit so I have a form to submit for them to establish the order
i was told by family court i can download them    fill them out and submit them
Thank you, but how do I submit my papers, I have filled out the DIY form
ok, thank you. I have the forms ready to submit but I was hoping to file on line and avoid in person contact
I think that's all I needed to know..in the mean time until the modification is submitted I cannot legally keep him from taking her?
I was told to find it and print yo then submit
How does she go about submitting  this petition to Bx Family Court?
It was a modification for custody. We were submitting a relocation agreement but are no longer relocating.
It says that I need a court order to submit the request
I have been rescheduled to come back another day cause my child's father forgot to submit his w4
the court is closed so i need to submit disability papers and get modifications for my court order
it is for a Child Support Order to be submitted with a UIFSA
I thought I could just submit them via email
I Need To Submit Documents Online To Court With Proof I Cant Pay Child Support How Do I Go About That ?
after finishing the online form, there was no submit option. Only print
Okay, makes sense, thank you... where will I find these documents that I need to fill out and submit to the courts?
I would like to submit my documents for the court.
I submitted a petition for paternity online to the family court but i do not have a lawyer.
Yes but where do I submit the letters or affidavit of support
Another thing: it’s a due time for the index number or submit the papers?
Do I have to submit another petition because of his age? The initial petition was because of the marriage
Can I submit the forms through the EDDS link or I cant because it is family court?
I would like to submit documents thru the EDDS
not dismissed order denied because it says I didn’t submit answer papers & I did.
doesnt seem to be guidance as to how long i need to wait or how much effort to make before submitting my form
are you able to walk me through how to submit a petition to the court during these times of covid?
Is the Brooklyn courts open so I can submit the forms?
I need someone who can track his orginal document submitted before death.
Jasmine. I'm in need of a Letter of Continuance' the inclosed necessary forms that would also be submitted into the Federal Civil Division.
I would likely need help to do submit the forms online
I can submit an index number and learn what the status is?
Hi. What form do I need to fill out for custody and where do I submit it
Do i submit form-17 in person or is there a way that i may do it online?
I need to know how to submit evidence in a virtual hearing
Do you know if I can submit the necessary files via the Electronic Document Delivery System (EDDS)
Yes, I visited this page already and downloaded Form 8-2.  But I am unsure if this is the correct form and how to submit online.
It wouldn't let me submit the form several times
i am submitting the document via the EDDS wesite
thanks! I think we are done filling out the form. Should you review before he submits?
im looking for documents to submit to the court to get child support for my children
I need to know how I submit it with courts being closed.
So in the court website I'm not able to submit the petition?
i just need to know where to submit the paper work
Can you confirm the question around submitting electronically?
i was told there is paperwork online that can be submitted online, i just dont know where to find it
so im able to just submit the document through the edds and wait until is reviewed in court
I would like to submit a petition to modify my custody order
my lawyer told me i have to submit that form but i don’t know where to send it on the website
This is a great start. Once I submit the form will the court contact me and the father of my child?
I need to withdraw a petition I submitted to the family court before it is heard in court.  Is there an application i can submit?
Can you please tell me Where can I find paper work to submit to court ti start a case ?
Ok but can I submit a modification in another borough
i submitted a request with form 17 and i was told i need another form
yes it has been more than a year since I submitted the form and paid the fees
And.....I previously submitted 2 paper recertified apps. Which ironically were never received.
hello I will like to know were can I submit the custody form I have filled out.
How do I submit a petition to close a child support case?
yes but will i be able to submit the document on the web or will i have to mail it i live out of state.
I filled out the medication form from custody.  How do i submit it to the courts?
I was hoping there was a way that I could submit a form and they could send me the paperwork does that happen?
i need to submit my information now and I don’t know where to upload it
almost a year since the form was submitted
Is there another form that says income instead of wages?   Can one just submit paystubs?
hello i would like information on submitting a custody petition
Ok buy I need to just submit some documents on the EDDS
Am I able to request copies of the documents my ex submitted?
Okay im asking where can i find the pdf version an after filling it out how can I submit
yes this form is to submit for custody and will it let me know where to submit
When i try to submit,  the system dont let me attached,  just send me to sign in
Okay ty.  I can file and submit online
I tried to submit a complaint threw the precinct but was told I need the petition order
I just really need whatever form that would be submitted
No. I have to submit 3 packets at the same time for one child.
I’m just trying to be clear. Okay so the petition submitted is enough?
which family court house do I go to submit a violation order for child support
I was able to find the form online but I dont know where to submit it
I would like to submit the forms online for the full custody ok I need the forms to filled out and submitted online
can i still submit my petition on Friday you think or will that be a waste of time?
I am looking to submit a modification of child support.  However, my ex husband lives out of state and I don't know his address
Thank you. I believe that's what I submitted initially. I need to again to update the current order?
Do you have any online forms for me to submit for full custody?
i filled out a Writ of Habeus Corpus for my custody case. I’m not sure where to submit it
Where do I submit a Support Petition for Family Court? (Once I have filled out forms)
Just starting can't find form online to submit
I'm looking for Notice Of Settlement Form. I need to submit to file my QDRO with the clerks office.
i need help submitting a writ of Habeus corpus
I need to withdraw a petition I submitted to the family court
Submitted unemployment form in April and haven't received a call back
hello what forms do i submit to have my case moved to an emaergeency visitation
I submitted petition with the G1 form and g17 attached , and i was still informed that they are currently not accepting petitions
How long does someone have to submit a Information Subpoena?
No the forms were submitted from last year Dec  so I'm not sure what it means
How would I submit it? The lady had told me I can submit it online.
Ok I will submit it on my phone I pray it works.
Hello, what documents must I submit with form 4-3 support petition
Would they take just the court case number, if submitted for record retrieval ? or does it have to be the docket?
And please do you know how I can submit the documents to the court online
No, but I spent 2 hours to submit all the receipts and details :/
is there anyway that I can submit these forms by way of the internet ?
i am looking for some help with submitting a GF-17 form
I want to know if I must notarize the custody form GF-17  before submitting through EDDS?
Yes but they said I have to submitted online and the one you showed me I have to print it out
Can the phone be filled out online and printed and submitted
Last time I submitted Affidavit of Service via EDDS - they gave me confirmation of filing within few hours
after i fill the form should i bring it to the court ? can i submit it online ?
that are able to submit information/testify/etc in court on behalf of the child?
Looking for forms to submit for enforcement of child support
i submitted the GF-17 FORM, but i got the message less than an hour of doing so
Can you help me find the forms and tell me how to submit them?
So i already filed that and submitted electronically but  i have yet to hear from the court.
Hello, I have a hearing on 12/23 and would like to submit documents in advance. How do I do that?
oh so i can submit a request on the EDDS website?
Is there anyway I could filled out the form online and submitted it
