Yes and the mother was still getting the child support money.
Does father the the right without a court order to prevent the mother from taking the kids to an out of state vacation?
My daughter mother took my child to north Carolina without my consent and threaten me that I would never see my child again.
what if i dont have an address where the child is the mother took the child without a conscent of the father
What if there are open cps case is on the mother and the step father of the children as of right now
The mother lives with the bio father and the child but they have never stepped up to have my cousin removed from support.
So if the father Denys being the father the mother would have to pay?
If a mother is denying a father to see his child because he missed a few child support payments what can he do ?
my daughter is living with me but her mother got public assitisant  so they have me on child support
The mother has moved out, leaving the child with the grandmother.
my baby mother call me the 911 saying that I want take my child
Yes . I am trying to sign over parental rights of my child to my mother
A friend of mine was put on child support. He tries to see his son but the mother of his child says no.
I am a father who wants to file for custody because my child mother moved out of nys to njs without my consent
The grandmother is unfit as well as the child’s mother.
I was wondering what is the percentage of a mother winning a case against the child's father for full custody?
can a father in NY voluntarily sign over his legal rights if both he and the mother want this?
Will im the Mother oh the child he live by me but thefather never visit him or do nothing for my son
I also have a character witness letter about me as a mother from my other sons father
Can the Baby mother give guardianship of this unborn child to her mother with out my consent?
Does the father have the right to prevent the mother from taking their children out of town for a short getaway? No court order
Kind of my mother is taking me to family court to take my child away when It all be
yes right now their mother is receiving child support for all 3 of them
Yes I lived in Queens but I'm not sure where the mother filled for child support at
THE MOTHER OF MY CHILD IS TAKING MY CHILD OUT OF THE STATE
the issue i am having is that the child's father lives withhis mother.  Would that affect visitation?
I am also concerned about what to do if my child refuses to return to her mother's house as the custody order dictates.
I’m a parent (Father) who is there honking of putting myself on child support because the mother is impossible to work with
okay and it won't involve any child support unless the girlfriend, mother of child requests it right?
Not one time my child mother got in trouble
I now have costady of my child and I would like to file for child support against the nun-responded mother
I will remain mother and my father will be father or adoptive parent; is this what this form is for?!
If the unmarried child is taken care of by the mother from birth to now, will custody be awarded to the father or mother?
Child was in mothers custody no previous order was in place.  But mother has abandoned the child courts were never notified.
Father is deceased. Mother is at facility.  Alzheimers
My father is incarcerated. My mother will sign over rights.
I just have a questions about what I file if I haven't been able to see my child that lives with her mother ?
I'm a single mother as I divorce on 2016 because of his father's affair.
my mother didn’t put my fathers name
How do I find out if my child’s mother has a child support case on me
MOTHER IS TAKING CHILD OUT OF STATE I NEED HELP
I would like to put my children’s mother on child support
It's for child support. My daughter lives with me but her mother still get the money
I have a question regarding ending child support based on being reconciled with   the mother of my daughter.
yes but I share custody with my child's mother
My child's mother is being difficult and I would like to see my son
What's my legal right as a child's mother?
I’m the child’s mother and my grandmother has custody
If I legally I have custody of my daughter can her mother take me for child support ?
what is the statute of limitation to make the father aware that he is the father to a child?
Also just to clarify my child is out of the country his mother is still in NY
Will that site help the mother who is willingly surrendering her child to the father?
how can i file for child support as a mother, when the father lives in newyork
i am currently on child support because my daughter mother is on P.A and my daughter no longer lives with her mother
I’m the father and the child’s mother doesn’t allow me to see my daughter sometimes
The conflict of interest is that the child's mother owns the daycare where the child is going.
Child support ny mother is custodial parent and remarried child is 17 and working
Ok my daughters mother put me on childs support for rent. And she stated that she is not working but she is running a business.
If the parents are not married and child lives with Mother and child has autism does father have any rights
because I as the mother didn’t put my baby father in the system the government did
hi, so i am 18 and i live with my mother, my father pays child support
I am the child's mother and I am seeking support from the child's father
I would like to file for abandonment for my child-I'm the mother and the father has abandoned him. My child is 4yrs old.
I recreational us an my mother an step father are try to take my child away how can I stop this
children’s mother is absent and has my fiancé on child support and the city is garnishing his wages .
He is a single father,  I have no information on the mother or any other family
and I am currently in NY,with my child at my mother in laws house
Mother left child at 2 months.
Can the father contest this and would they let him take the child
I have a letter from the child's mother that states the truth regarding the allegation.
it says i can't use it because we aren't the mother or father
where it asks the childs current address i would put that she is currently with her mother down in rockland county?
Whether the child has the right to inherit the mother's urn
Hi! In NYS if child is born to UN married couple...does mother have all rights to child if there is no court order?
I don’t know the physical address of where the mother of r child is living for over 30 days so far
Well I have custody of my child(father) and the mother has visitation. The mother has stated she will not be returning the child back
I want the custody of my child, he is currently living with his mother
I'm a single mother,  my child live with me.
My mother, or the father needs to make the petition?
I hv another child she calls her mother asking if she received money
If i knw my child mother is into drugs is it possiable to keep the chils away from thete mother
I really don't think the child support system works go the mothers at least not for working mothers.
ok the mother and father has lost custody of my nephew is with the mothers sister who is unfit to have him
Is child support mandatory even if both mother and father dont want to do if
no not in process, this just occurred yesterday, the father took his child from her mother
yeah because it wouldnt be adoption because i am their mother and the father would be signing over his rights
My son is 16: and has always lived with me and his mother and I owe child support like I never been with him
long story short one child mother passed family member has custody .. children have same father
YES.I was never married to the mother, Child support office is collecting the money
How can a mother give up her child to the father voluntarily? Father lives out of state..what steps are needed to be taken?
The mother  off my child  dont let me take the kids  with me
Never mother nor the father still reside in the state of New York. The father resides in Virginia and the mother resides in Florida.
I see... Yes in my case I have been only an upstanding father... The mother is the one that's unstable.
