also my water is black has been since day one
My landlord is saying I’m responsible for All repairs at the place I rent including the hot water tank
We have had water flowing through kitchen light, when they broke a pipe at 9 at night
My water was shut off by my landlord. I know this is illegal. Who can I contact to get it turned back on?
No hot water . Floors are uneven causing the front door not to open
there was a fire in my building about 2 weeks ago. no fire damage to my building, but a lot of water damage.
Yes I have mold in tub room bathroom and electric outlet shoots sparks in bathroom water leak in ceiling near light windows messed up
but have been having issues with the landlord since July and in September he unhooked use of my stove and hot water tank
So I’ve been over 6 weeks  with no running hot water or a stove to cook on
last Saturday the water got cut off while I was washing dishes
only problem is I can't take them to there to apply. my mom can bearly stand to go get a glass of water
the water was turned back on that night but what are our rights here ? we have a 2 year old in the apartment
is water al over my bathroom I can't wait more
and he told me there was a leak in my apartment because he saw water coming from the roof
Our landlord said he is waiting to mail our deposit until he gets the recent water bill and deducts that amount.
As a result of water damage my house smells like sewage
Hello,  my name is fanny Erazo, we do nat have heat, hot water or gas and the landlord doesn't want to fox It
on repairs made after I moved out. and an outstanding water bill balance
sale of buisness/ put water shut offs in myself . can legally shut the sewer.
He’s not making any repairs I have no hot water broken windows
I have foul smelling water, and the landlord refuses to do anything. The smell of the water is like rotten chesse
Broken floors and leaking water in bathroom and faucets a re broken
he has shut my propane off to my house I have no heat hot water and I can’t cook
We paid the town directly for the water bill though
It has escalated to the point where she threw hot water at my brother yesterday and shattered the cup on the floor.
Need water line to road and much more
There hasn't been any water issues in my place so I was surprised to hear him say that
Can a landlord legally shut off my hot water if I am behind in my rent?
My kids are always sick and I am trying to get this water tested my tuesday
i was over charged for minor services. and overcharged for a water bill.
We pay 850$ a month for well water that is black and chunky
we have written down all scenarios . We have picture he lowered water
Hello, I am looking for information on how to withhold paying rent due to lack of gas, heat and hit water per 2 weeks...
my lease clearly states that my rent includes heat and hot water
They owe me over $7,000 for services provided to them. I sell bottled water
Will we be kicked out the house it’s a tax lien for water and principal interest and sewer rents
