I had my credit card and documents as well as bank information hacked now I have restrictions to get credit to pay tuition and study
Hi i need help for my credit card debt
i failed to pay a credit card bill.  now it looks like I'm being sued for payment.  i'd like to just settle and pay
I received the green card of cerifty back that recieved documents
Can chase chas garnish my disability check on an old credit card debt
I have a credits card.  Childplace credit card.  Thay always charge me.
A credit card bill, it says the judgement was entered in 2010
The application for removing condition from the green card
I was left in another country with no money cards
Ok thank you. So you think this might be a credit card thing ?
So I fell behind in paying my credit card and now Citibank  is  aueing me
I've been served a summons by Midland Credit Management for credit card debt.
Daughter just received summons for Debt Collection from a purchaser of credit card debt.  She is unemployed due to several medical conditions.
I Am an immigrant living in the USA for 10years now  how can I get free legal help to get a green card
I need advice on a court case, consumer debt - credit card.
Yes I am a permanent resident but cannot find my green card
about credit card debt I got sued in court and I can’t afford to hire a lawyer
I have some questions regarding apply for green card base on marrige
Yes, a debt collector is claiming I owe money for a credit card from 2008 and I have no recollection of it
I need a civil lawyer who can assist me in supreme court with credit card fraud done
No...insurance, car, jewelry, credit cards. Shared apartment.
This woman is not a citizen to this country. She holds no green card.
The fact that child support is charging interest like a credit card as well is extremely outrageous and very anti semetic
I have been married for 4 years and have a conditional green card and have just filed I-751 jointly
I need help with lost green card please
i was wondering if bankrupt would be the way to go. It’s an old credit card debt
I live in White Plains NY, I was served papers at my home to appear in court for a credit card debt
I got my green card at this year. I just need to get disposition letter
Divorce certificate, State ID, my son's green card? What else should I bring with me?
I live in Otsego County.  I have been on a cap program for 3 credit cards.
just because they felt like it I showed them mailed dates over a month credit card and Medicare doctors bill I have asthma
It wasn’t a joint account. She does added me as a credit card user.
I would like to apply for green card for my sister who is on a student visa
i got my citizenship this month and my son has green card
I would like to start a petition for a marriage based green card
I don't know how the courts find non-payment of spousal support non essential.  I cannot pay my mortgage, car payment, credit cards
i would like to inquiry about  second stage of green card process
I'm being suit by a credit card company I ran into some financial difficulty and was not able to pay them.
I need help with my debt credit cards. Would like a consultation.
So can a green card holder marry someone?
Wanted to ask a question in regards to a judgment on me from a credit card that was placed on me in 2008
Want to get a green card so I can travel
that after 5 years will give you green card?
in my case I dont know my husband from 10 years where he is/  we live in USA from 6 years with green card
I am on SSI disability I am looking for a free lawyer because I am beard sued for non-payment of a credit card ....
Should I report the case and find a lawyer. The card was used some years ago but I still have problems with the card
Green card apply for i485 and I-730 Ashlee relative
I have unemployment insurance benefits  card from key2bank debit card and I can't withdraw money from my account
Credit card.  The statue of limitations ran out.  The question is did it run out before the judgement was filed.
he sponsored my green card and so there is another issue
Can I ask to waive the fee for my green card application?
I am being sued by Bank of America for outstanding credit card debt
Hi was just seeing help with filing paperwork for a marriage green card and for my daughter also
I have 2 court sumonses in Hempstead NY because of credit card debts
Someone said they seen my face in the news envloving credit card fraud but I don’t participate in that kind of activity
The grandmother is not a United States citizen but she has a green card
i need to cancel my husband green card he has for two years and the marriage is fraud what can I do please
it is for a $6400 and change debt from a credit card
does public charge affect green card holders?
I hv my son'S birth certificate and green card ,he is always with me
And I've been here a year and have a credit card mailed here
we both are not US citizens or Green card holders but he is going to have Green card through his new girlfriend
I am primarily concerned about credit card balances (exceeding $66,000) with no income.
I’m a green card holder since 2002
Ok but what about his Debts? Like credit cards utility bills and more ?
i was served papers at my home for failing to make credit card payments
Green card holder parent gave birth her child in abroad and wants to bring back her child in u.s.a
Hi I need help filling out a Answer sheet to respond to summons for credit card debt
I'm a immigrant,but have not get the green card and citizenship yet
Me and my ex-wife are not citizens or green card holders but we live here. We have one child.
going thru my credit cards havng people put things in my food
Is there a way to get a green card without get married? I have an tax Id number and I pay my taxes
he open many credit card under my name and use them without knowing
I am seeking for legal representation to go with me to my green card stoke interview
i have financial problems and I have one of the credit card send me to court
I have green card and it will expired in Nov.2020.  I'm going to renew my green card in the next week.
A credit card I had, but when I became disabled I wasnt able to pay it anymore
I am worried that someone else received my check or debit card
I can’t afford  to pay all my credit cards anymore
I can't afford a lawyer and being sued by a credit card company.
