Thank you I’ll give it a shot. Have a great day Amy.
ok, got you....thanks so much... u have a great day.
Yes i will take the survey. Have a great day as well....
Thank you, I appreciate your assistance, Have a Great Day!
No that is all I wanted to know. Thank you. I hope you have a great rest of your day
Thank you for the information I appreciate it! I will read it all right now! Have a great day! 🙂
Thank you so much Matt have a Great day
Enjoy the rest of your day and have a great weekend.  You've been a great help, thank you.
Okay. Thank you for help I appreciate greatly. Have a nice day.
Have a great day and thanks again for your help.  I'm not going to shut down chat right away  because I want to save this.
Thanks I truly appreciate it have a great day!
This was helpful. That’ll be all for today. Have a great rest of your day!
Not at this time, this is wonderful-- thank you so much!  Have a great day!
Okay. Thank you so much. Have a great day then
No that's all. You've been very helpful. Have a great day!
No I think that’s all for right now thanks again. Have a great day
Happy New Year. Have a great day.
Thank you so very much hope you have a great rest of your day
Great thank you so much have a great day.
Okay thank you so much and I will check all these out, have a great day. Thanks again.
Awesome. Thank you for your help. Have a great day.
Thanks a lot for your help Debbie. Have a great day.
I appreciate your time and information.  Thank you. Have a great day
No that will be all n thank you n have a great day
No that was it. Again thank you. Have a great rest of your day and have a happy new year!
thank u so much Mike, have a great day and weekend yourself
I understand. Thanks for your help Celine! Have a great day! :)
Great. Thank you so much for your help. Have a great day.
great thank you so much for you help have a good day
Thank you so much for your help,Shanni!I greatly appreciate it.Have a great day!
No, you have been of great help, thank you and have a nice day.
No problem. Have a nice day. I will do the survey. Thank again for the great service.
ok thank you very much for helpful information. have a great day.
Okay! Nope that’s all, have a great day!
Thank you so much! Have a great day and happy holidays! Bye now.
Awesome! thank you so much. have a great day!
have a great day sorry dor typos
OK - I appreciate your help.  Have a great day!
10 day, 14 days or 30 Days
Great. Really appreciate the help. Have a great day!
Ok thank you for your help. Have a great day
Alright thanks a lot i appreciate it have a great day
Thanks Molly you have been an excellent  Chatter box Have a Great Day
Ok great. Thank you. Have a great day and God bless.
Ok thank for your help have a great day
Perfect.   Thank you so much.  Have a great day
Yes your right thanks you have been a great help have a wonderful day
Okay I am going to check some of them out.  Have a great rest of your day.
I see. Thank you so much. Have a great day
Great! Thank you so much for your help! Have a great rest of your day!
ok will do and no you've been great to me have a great day and stay safe out here 😊
No, you have been great, you gave me information, have a great day!
Thank You so much, I appreciate the info and will work on getting an attorney to assist. Thanks again and have a great day
Nope. That’s it! Have a great day and be safe!
Ok. Thank you so much for your help. Have a great and blessed day
Thank You Andrew. You been a Great Help. You deserve a raise. Lol have a Great Day.
Chocolate may be better! Lol thank you again, especially on a volunteer basis! Hope you have a great day!
Ok. I will do that. Thanks for your help! Have a great day!
Thank you so much for your great efforts, will certainly do   , much appreciated have a good day!
No thank you Sandra. i appreciate the information. i hope you have a great day
No that’s all for today, thank you again and have a great day
GREAT THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT I WILL DO THANK YOU FOR YOUR ASSISTANCE TODAY HAVE A GREAT DAY
Thanks  for the wishes🙏🙏🙏 have a great day 😊
Thank you so much I greatly appreciate you have a good day
there is no need for that but thanks for your help.  Have a great day.
oh thank u    will ok u have a great day and you are very helpful and kind
Ok. This is very helpful.  Thanks so much.    Have a great day!
Thank you so much. I will try the information. Have a great day.
thank you I will look into all of these....have a great day
got it. Thanks again. No more questions, have a great day.
Ok thank you so much, have a great day
none that I can think of.  You’ve been a great help thank you and enjoy your day
Thank you very much Katie. Have a great day
Thank you so much..this will be a great start....Have a nice day.
No l on the right path. Have a great day.
thats all i needed help with...have a great day
Thanks. I'll look into them. Have a great day!
Have a great day thanks for answering,be safe
Thank you very much for your time and information. Have a great day. Take care.
great thank you. that's all I nee. Thanks for the help and have a great day.
Done - thank you! Your assistance has been very valuable. Have a great day!
Thank you so much!  Your much my appriciated!  Have a great day!
That's all. Thank you again. Hope you have a great day!
This is thank you I will get started in my fact-checking. Have a great day!
Nope that was all I needed. Thank you have a great day!
looks good   Thanks for your help  have a great day!
Ok thank you I am going to go check these.!! Have a great day!!!
GREATLY appreciate your assistance, have a blessed day.. I will keep trying..
Okay I wrote it down I am going to contact them now thank you so much. Have a great day !
Thank you so much for your help and advice.  Have a great day.
I will try to use the resources given to me thank you for your help have a great day
Okay. Thank you Greatly appreciate a lot. Have a great day.
That's all for today thank you again have a great day.
Ok thank you so much have a great day
thank you so much Michael.  Have a great day.
Perfect. Really great option. Have a good day!
Okay.  Thanks a lot for all your help.  have a great day. I'm signing off.
Ok sounds goodthank you have a great day
No,I’m happy with your help thank you have a great day
Ok thanks alot have a great day
Great I will check these out and thank you for your assistance. Have a great day!
I think that's all I need - you've been very helpful! Have a great day :)
Ok. Thank you so much for your help. Have a great day!
many thanks!! we will definitely use these resources. hope you'll have a great day!
ok great I will thanks. no that's all have a great day.
No you been great ! You and your love ones be safe and have good day !
Thanks, have a great day. Much appreciated!!!
No, that's all I needed to know. Thank you and have a great day
Thank you so much for all the information! Have a great day!
No that is all. Happy holidays!!! Have a great rest of day! Bye
Thanks have a great day and stay healthy
I don't think so...have a great rest of your day
thank you so much for your help. have a great day.
Thank you so much. Have a great day and be safe and healthy!
O OK THANK YOU SORRY I JUST DONT KNOW WHERE TO LOOK FOR HELP HAVE A GREAT DAY
