I have an ACS worker and a community therapist through ACS. She works for Jewish Board Services.
I just want to know my acs case number
My mom told the ACS worker that she had to contact Ohio CPS she lied and said she spoke to mom and kids are okay
how will having an ACS case file affect her as she grows?
I want to get my son back. But I'm confused on how to go about this considering ACS basically destroyed my life during that case
I don't have any active neglect or abuse cases with ACS that I am aware of.
My children were placed in acs care over the last 2-3 weeks and I need to petitions for their return.
I need a lawyer to help me with acs case
The ACS intake left and later and the next day we were notified by the Assigned ACS worker
so under these my circumstances I can go to FAP directly or only with ACS worker??
Yes they justo recently opened a acs casé i dont want to Jeep talikg yo the ingles i hace a lawyer to represent me
ACS has an active investigation and I communicate with the Worker via email
i also exclaimed that i do not trust the ACS information because workers can obtain access.
my landlord won't fix the AC in my apt and its really hot
thats ok i have that number and worked with ACS on this before, I just need to find the worker's information
So, I don't have to tell the current ACS worker assigned to our family?
when the child goes to the shelter, can i still contact acs?
Don't want any more ACS personnel in our life.
I need help finding an attorney for an ACS neglect case
Would the ACS be the point person in making this referral?
Thank you..the Dr said he was putting an acs report
Hi I'm in concern about my acs case
It’s been 4 days she took child no hear Acs went to house she won’t open
Hi Amy, I need help to check status on my ACS case online.
How can one go about sueing acs the agency even the court if one doesnt have money to pay for a lawyer
So, can I myself go to FAP today? or is ACS my liason to FAP.
An ACS worker came to our home occ.
I have a ACS case because my husband exercising corporal punishment
nothing can be done for harassing / bogus calls to acs?
Somebody call acs on me and I have the case number
How much a acs case could cost
We have an ACS case. The worker has not been able to help get him to attend school.
for a teacher what’s does it mean to have ACS case?
she filed a report on me with acs saying i dont have babysitting and even the acs worker doent understand
The lady from the a.c.s office also says that i have everything in place
Do I have to petition ACS to get my son back?
I’m basically helping ACS with my case
ACS has never ever got back to me at all.
so I just wanted to know how do I stop having to deal with Acs
and recently i filed a complaint against the director now she is serving me violation and admin transfer and and acs
acs case from 10 years ago
I visit her as part as my service plan through acs
N I want to know how do I get out of a Acs case
Since I filed my daughter has attempted suicide twice in her fathers care and ACS has done nothing.
Now at this point the ACS worker had no choice but to notify CPS in Ohio.
ACS came to do a wellness check on my daughter while I was at work
Ok thanks I wanted to reach out to acs but wanted to verify with someone first before doing so
she knows where the child is and the acs worker isn't picking up the phone
Someone made a false claim to acs about abused children and I want to know what can I do about it
Hi my name is coyretta Durant i have 5 kids in acs my cases is in jay st Brooklyn NY
Do these lawyers help case with acs involved
yes, I like to know if window guards are required for fire escape and AC units?
Acs did a case in family court cause my husband was negated the child.i dont want to continuethe case wht can i do
I have full custody (prior to the children being placed in acs 3/21/2020)
Hello. I need help with an ACS case.
What happens if someone makes a false claim to acs?
i have an Acs case wish it’s absolutely unfair
like yesterday acs asked me to leave my home without warrant or an order from the judge
ACS doesn’t want to go to court
It’s the same person from before w the ACS case
I got a call from ACS yesterday about my daughters mother and I was told by them to file a petition
Hello I need to take legal actions against acs in harassment
how do I get the child remove and placed back into ACS custody?
I meant they have told me they are calling acs on me on Monday
