I’m trying to fight for half custody or visitation rights at least
I need help how do I go about signing my rights over for a child
how can someone go about filing for visitation rights
Hello, how can i get assistance with changing my visitation rights
i started to fill lawHelp regarding custody and visitation but i do not know how it really relates to Signing Over rights
i want visitation right so I can be able to see my daughter
i was told i needed to go to court to be granted visitation rights do u have a form to request it?
I can still mail the petition to the court right
Im a father who was granted visitation rights in 2016 and for the pass 2 months my rights have been violated
visitation expenses are grounds for reduction in child support right?
i would like to go to court for custody  and visitation rights
is the right of first refusal a right by default or one that needs to be filed for?
I would like to know how can I file for DNA on line also visited right
how can i go about getting visitation rights for my siblings
I want to get visitation rights and pay child support
what about requesting visitation rights I live in florida an her mom wont let her visit with me?
Greeting: I have a legal question about child visitation rights
I will be right back.  I have to run to restroom....so if I dont answer right away no worries.  Ill be right back.
I'm trying to get custody and visitation rights have no court case as of yet
Hi, how do I file for visitation rights, website detours you from accurate information
i have the right for visits but i’m trying to have the visits in public
My mom wants visitation right for her grandchild can she file online since courts are not in full session ?
Trying to get visitation rights for my daughter..the mother left town and don't know where is my daughter....i fear for my daughter's safety..
I would like to go to court and get visitation rights
I have no visitation rights at all since they moved.. it's at her discression.. not according to my order
Even thou..it's not my child..I'm just marrying someone whom has 2 younger children..but he has no visiting rights or parental right s right now
i am looking for a gf-17 form to file for visitation rights
I would like info on filing for visitation rights. are the courts open
How do I make a petition for child support against the father of my kids and also visitation rights
how can I apply for child visitation rights ? Im from buffalo, child is in watertown NY
hello i want to know what i need to get visitation rights for my child
afternoon, I’m trying to figure out my rights as well as get visitation
I want to sign over rights like we never existed
And the mother has violated my visitation rights and hasn’t let me see my son for the past two years.
I need to find a lawyer for visitation rights
i need to know how do i get the right paper work for custody and visitation
How can I file a petition for child visitation rights
I need a court order for visitation rights
I wanted to know if its possible to file for visitation rights online
I was wondering how do I go about going to court for my babyfather to visitation right
I try looking online for days for forms or whatever.  And it just complicated.  I just want visit right not lose custody of my child
Hi I was receiving help from another person, she was getting information on how to go about getting visitation rights
I need help getting visitation right for my daughter
Do I have any rights in this? Maybe just the right to ask the court for supervised phone contact?
I need to know about my rights as a mom aswell
For number 9 may I suggest half custody, visitation rights, and child support payment modification?
She is mostly concerned about how she can get visits in ( which I told her we can't do right now)
Hello I am wondering if the courts are open to file for visitation right for my child.
Hey how can I file to have my child father sign his rights over
I’m looking to get visitation rights for my daughter. How do I go about doing that?
I pay child support. Should I go for custody or visitation, what rights do I have
i need to know how i can file a petition for child visitation rights
How can I get a court date for visitation rights
Where can I go to get the forms for custody rights
but i understand as her mother i still have the right to speak to her and know about her right?
says he’s going to sign over his rights
i want to file for visitation right for my son
I’m trying to file for a visitation hearing to get rights to see my child
I was deprived the custody and visitation right actually.
But I can possibly take away his visitation rights but he can keep filing ?
Hi , i would like to get some information on visitation rights and custody
I want to file visitation because the mother of my child is refusing me the right to see my son
I’m looking for some information in regard to visitation rights for my daughter
now, i would like to file for visitation rights, because the mother refuses to let me see her. How do i do that?
Soo you can’t answer ... can I even send in documents for visitation right before going to child support?
I will like to Right file for visitation right
I'm facing some issues with my landlord right now and I want to know my current legal rights
Hi Im trying to see if i can get any rights for a visitation for my grand kid
now she doesn’t need me to watch her she thinks I don’t have any rights or should see her
Where do I file a petition online for visitation rights
those are not the right form those are the legal douments not the questinarre
I filed for visitation rights previously about last year but than stoped it
Hey I would like to file for my visits rights
Yes I’m trying to fill out a petition for visitation rights
hello i need help to file visitation rights to see my daughter i know courts arent open to file a petition
I want to know information about visitation rights of a father
Right now Queens court is accepting new divorce petitions, right? No kids involved
my name is Michael Dimarco and I was trying to get visitation rights to my kids
because right now my kids are in africa and she is violating the rights
I need visiting Rights to see My Kids the Mother is not Allowing me to see them
If I am married and me and my spouse live separately can I file for visitation rights for our child?
I want to know how to begin the process to get visitation rights with my son and or full custody
Hey I would like to know how do I get visitation rights to see my kids
how do I file a claim to have child visitation right?
I have a question in regards to custody if a court order has not been set and if I have the same rights to visitation
Well if an attorney can appeal or visit him at the detention center, they can find what is going on right now
I would like to know how to file for visitation rights
I already filed against to human rights it's on fire. Human rights
I want to know what form can i fill out for visitation rights
Yes with rights to still h as ve visitation
Hi I would like to know if I can file for visitation rights online
I need to know what my rights are as his oldest child. As he isn't married
I want to work w a lawyer to protect my rights as a single mother and patient w Hippa rights and mental health rights
how long it will take to get visitation rights
I want to file a petition for my kids I don’t want no visitation rights
Is there a visitation hold right now in Erie county?
Hello, I am trying to obtain information on getting assistance with visitation rights of a child.
I live in bx ny am currently paying child support try to file for visitation rights
does he have the right to see the baby right away, right after she is born?
i will n eed this form , right? Petition for (Custody) (Visitation) GF-17
i need help on how to open a case on visitation Rights
