I am afraid to go to a shelter as this pandemic is making that dangerous. I suffer from severe asthma
I would like to know if the corona virus pandemic can stop a child from seeing a parent with court order visitation
Now when I call. I get lost in all what seem to be diffrent. Because of this pandemic
do i have to go in person im not even sure if courts are open during this pandemic? Or is it done online the form?
no im the father. due to pandemic im out of 2 jobs
Due to the coronavirus pandemic are the courts waiving fee for Divorces?
Who should I speak to in regards to working from home for safety reasons during this pandemic?
My lease is up April 1st. Due to the pandemic, I can not move at this current time.
I’m not sure if courts open due to pandemic
l asked her to apply for rent assistance during the pandemic she said she did not get through.
should i be concerned that right now places are closed or won't answer because of current pandemic?
Hi I had submitted a change of support right before the covid pandemic in bronx family court and of course things are suspended
This man left my house in shambles during a pandemic now refuses to answer text or messages
With Corona virus no one really wants to rent! I don't understand how she can do this during a pandemic
unfortunately due to the pandemic family court is closed so I don't know what to do
Can I request temporary full custody for pandemic?
in this pandemic situation and consequently the rent burden
Okay, thank you.  I was laid off an am currently on unemployment.  Does the court count the extra $600 pandemic unemployment money?
Hi I was wondering how do I go about filing a petition for custody during this pandemic
is there a different guide for pandemic unemployment - the one you sent is just for normal unemployment, but that's not how she got it
I had a child support hearing scheduled for 04/01/2020 but it was postponed due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
When I called to certify the person on the other end said that I should be under Pandemic unemployment assistance not unemployment insurance.
My main concern is that she is threatening to evict me during a pandemic.
Looking for someone who really understands the pandemic unemployment insurance policies.  Not just regular unemployment policies. for NY State
Because of the COVID pandemic will their be delays In Working through getting a custody agreement in place
Ok....i got it. I will try all 3 sites. Are the courts currently taking these type of cases? I mean because of the pandemic
SEVERLY DECREASED INCOME DUE TO PANDEMIC, WOULD LIKE TO APPLY FOR A MODIFICATION OF CHILDV SUPPORT
Need a place for me n my wife it’s cold out n the pandemic also makes it worse
scu. The pandemic it is hard where to go and how to file now. Been trying till I got to you.
hey, do you know about how long a determination has been taking for visitation petitions given the pandemic?
keeps claiming 'were in pandemic, you'll have to have patience"
___I am collecting or have collected state or federal UI ins due to pandemic
I am getting the Pandemic Assistance  based on the CARE ACT
Ok what about any services to help me get the pandemic relief  funds or someone who could assist me in filling a schedule c
Is the child support enforcement unit open during the pandemic?
I needed resources related to pandemic unemployment aid.
I need information on owner move in eviction during the Covid-19 pandemic.
I’m not working due to the pandemic. I owe child support.  I want to make an appointment to see the judge.
Hello, I am looking to efile for custody. With everything going on with this pandemic i am aware that i cant go into the courts
i couldnt pay rent pandemic period,not me not my wife were working
I have been placed on unemployment and im behind on rent due to this COVID-19 pandemic and im facing eviction
It was not a legal court eviction and with the pandemic if I'm not out after 30 days what could happen
What is the court process for filing due to the pandemic
I went to queens County Court but was turned away. Maybe cause the pandemic
I am facing an eviction and I don’t have the rent money that’s due to pandemic
with the pandemic, it difficult to file a court order that would result in immediate actions
currently im unemployed due to the pandemic
I am seeking legal advice regarding this pandemic , Stimulus check PEBT benefits and pandemic assistance program
Yes  - W e all need prayers  during these stressful times during this Covid-19 pandemic!
Are these all free services? I have been unemployed since the pandemic started
Due to pandemic loss of wages is that  change of income for a support modification
Hi I want to modify my court order because of the covid19 pandemic
I live en Queens I do have an apt but I lost my work for the Pandemic
My question is, do I not have rights in this situation? Can I really be made to move in the middle of a pandemic?
Can the co-op board insist on collecting special assessment during this Covid-19 pandemic
Good day, I filed for custody of my daughter in January but due to the pandemic, the case has been postponed until further notice.
How can I file a new child support petition due to the pandemic
and because of pandemic the attorneys are not closing cases so they are backed up
My case was push till after the pandemic but I would like to see my child
This is all in retaliation for my non-payment of rent due to my loss of income from the pandemic
I can’t even apply for pandemic assistance here on island because I don’t pay tax here
What are my current legal rights in housing during this pandemic
my co.wants to terminate me in Tigard to an issue with work gloves during Pandemic can they?
IT GOT APPROVED RIGHT BEFORE TH PANDEMIC
This question also pertains to the COVID-19 pandemic, I have nowhere to go.
a homesless 7 month old during a pandemic isnt one?
I have bee receiving pandemic unemployment aid
Yeah, due to the pandemic. It’s so unfortunate.
Thank you so much.  With the pandemic, are the courts open?
The service allegedly took place in January 2020, before pandemic.
so does this mean they will continue to take the extra out for however long the pandemic goes on
as well as info on the protected populations during the covid pandemic
ok great are they open for filling now (during this pandemic)
i think he stopped paying because he said kids dont need as much because of pandemic
SInce,  all that is happening with this Pandemic, Iam glad YOU were there!
Please I have a question regards to my child support payment  amidst this pandemic
thank you....is there some way I can find out if I’m able to leave during my lease without penalty given the current pandemic?
The pandemic amongst other things are making it hard for me to do anything to do my part in the care of my children
trying to figure out if i'm eligible for pandemic unemployment
SINCE I FILLED IT OUT WRONG LAST TIME I WAS IN COURTBEFORE PANDEMIC
I guess due to the pandemic And the shortage of employees my case went over looked
During the pandemic is there a way to file for visitation and custody online
Do i go in to the court with the paperwork or do i mail it due to the pandemic
Okay now with the pandemic is the brooklyn court open for me to visit how will i file the petition?
my regular unemployment and also pandemic assistance were stopped
Do you know if the family court are receiving Writ during the pandemic
thank you so much. May you enjoy the rest of your day and remain safe during this pandemic era.
Hi. Is it legal for a teacher who has been working through the pandemic to be terminated during this time?
so this could only be realized by the court after the pandemic? hope it's not the case.
How would I file with the court being closed during this pandemic?
before that we didn’t work 4.5 month because pandemic
Due to pandemic I wonder if I can do so via online
I paid to handle my divorce and since the Covid pandemic began I have not been able to be locate him.
i have a daughter no job and no vehicle and I'm terrified to be homeless in a pandemic
Just need to know how to file for a custody case during the pandemic?
We haven't paid any rent since the start of the pandemic. We owe a ton.
I fell behind in bill payments to a collection agency during the coronavirus. Can they seek a judgement against me during the pandemic?
had a court date then everything closed down cause pandemic
the pandemic hit and everything went out the window
i haven’t worked the past 4 months because of the pandemic and also I got cancer do I qualify for modification
I am at the end of my lease Apr 30 but I don't quite have a place to go yet since the pandemic
I have already went to the Bronx family courthouse there is no one available because of the COVID-19 pandemic
yeah, but because of the pandemic it just made situation worst, i have been going to family court and it is still closed.
If you have the new guidelines and information regarding this pandemic,  that would be greatly appreciated
With the pandemic, how soon before my case can be heard by a judge?
If I was "laid off" as a result of calling out sick do I have a case because of the covid pandemic
But I read theres a law victims can't get evicted. Because of the pandemic
I have a question about being currently employed and immunocompromised do I have the right to get paid leave from work due to the pandemic?
