I have reached out to all attorneys in the case and nothing is being done. I appreciate the information
Yes , the  courts  are  closed , they  cannot be reached  by  phone .
Thank you so much.  What do you suggest, should I reach out lega assistance/ service before Family Law Hotline?
Yes no problem. What happens if we get disconnected? How do I reach you?
And then on july 15th her family reached out to me and said that they haven't heard from her
alright thanks I see the web links and will reach out from there.
That’s it! I will start reaching out, thank you so much!
okay, thank you.  I'll reach back out if I need?
I am reluctant to go to the nypd. All live support I reach tells me that’s what I have to do
I have already reached out to local congressman with no avail
Ok great! I will reach out to these agencies for some advice on how to proceed. Thanks again!
Thank you for the links I will take a look and reach out.
and im not able to reach the county clerk
Thanks. I appreciate. I will reach out to them now. And in the meantime, I hope you can remain safe and healthy.
With this virus situation it’s been hard to reach offices.
I've tried to contact them can't seem to reach them
When I try to call the number it says I can’t reach them
We have tried to reach out to the courts, but no one has any answers so far.
As I mentioned do you know of any other locatons or places I can reach out to
I have tried to reach the Family Court in Suffolk.  Machine says it is open, but does not give any instructions on what to do
A local news person told me to reach out here
Perfect! I will try to reach out to them through the website. I thank you..
Yes. I've reached out to the Western NY law offices, not getting very far with them
Thank you so much - do you have another number in case I can’t reach anyone?
I cannot reach anybody I have tried emails phone calls to numerous places and get hung up on
Ive been trying to reach out to you guys but it doesnt seem to be working
What can I do or file to get permission to leave from the court, or is there anyone I can reach out to for help/permission?
is there an email to reach to someone that would know?
can i reach out to the organizations on this page to get free assistance?
its ok this is why i need to reach out to someone for legal help
I'm going to try these now.  Is there any way I can get back to you if I have a problem reaching them?
Yes, tried calling them but cannot reach anyone
Hello im just reaching out in regads to 3  support orders that has been attached to me throught my incarceration! until now
Not today.. but I will reach back with more questions I’m sure.  Thank you
i was going to tell her to reach out to safe horizon re the OP
I'll look into both organizations and also reach out to LIFT, thank you!!!
How can I reach the court to get a copy of the will. I am in Virginia Beach, Virginia
No I haven’t, thank you. is there a specific extension to reach ?
Ok thank you. I will reach out to them and see if they can assist. Thank you for your time.
I’ve reached out everywhere and they all say they can help with family but not divorce.
Alright I'll definitely reach out to both. Thanks again
Thank you so much I will start reaching out immediately
I have already reached out to this organizations and some or not able to assistance and others I am waiting to hear back from
i already reached the city pension system, my ex husband is retired NYPD
Yeah, I have months trying to reach them. I can’t, i live voicemail and nobody calls me back.
Ok I will reach out to them ASAP. Thank you for the info
still says site cant be reached
Thanks,  I will definitely reach out in the future. If I need any more information.
Couldn't reach no one they got wrong number at first
I am reaching out in need of assistance in the matter of a family court case
I will review it and reach out if I have additional questions or concerns.
He live with his mom.im the grandmother I've been tryin to reach out it seem i only can see him where she feel
Please send the referrals since I've tried reaching out to the court house
That’s why I reached out already checked that site
Thank you and from there  will the appropriate  jurisdiction be assigned the case/ reach out to her?
but i tried to reach out landlord to negotiate. but he didnt pick up my phone
i'm trying to find information about debt after someone passes away...there are debt collectors and lawyers reaching out for my dad's "estate"
awesome! Thanks!I will take a look and reach out.
I am trying to get repairs done and my landlord will not cooperate and i cannot reach a code enforcement officer
Her nursing facility's hard to reach as you can imagine.
We reached them and they couldn’t tell us anything
ok Lucas. I will look into everything you provided. If  I need any further help, I will reach out again.
no. thank you for the info you provided. i'll reach out to them.
I've even reached out to the corrections unit but no luck
I have reached on to my union, but haven't received a response yet.
or can i become eligible for this after i reach my 6 months?
thanks, can I read them tonight and then reach back out with questions again
Where can I go ir who can reach to find out mynrights as a tenant?
i called that number and they said to reach out to the support collection unit
Ok great. Aside from those, are there any other groups I can reach out to that help renters? (not tenants)
I’m reaching out to see if you could give me insight about re-signing a lease in my rent-stabilized building during COVID-19.
hello, I have not been able to reach my daughters mother who is in violation of the court order
Yes , it’s very urgent and I’ll reach out to them now. Thank you so much for your help.
i'll reach out to the resources you provided for exact information
I know and that's why I'm trying to reach somebody because their application is wrong
I want to settle the debt before reaching  a court judgment
I’m reaching out because I need to know what the procedure is for custody arrangements with the virus being so dangerous right now.
Thank you but I've read all those thats why I'm reaching out
I also made my situation and details clear to my employer c a text , email and tried to reach in phone calls
thank yoiu, I have been unable to reach anyone on the phone
I’ve reached out to the different agencies to request copies of all correspondence and have not had any success with getting this information
Hi I am reaching out in regards to a paternity case
I already have a attorney that court gave me for free but he never answer me I cant reach
Thank you so much for all of the contacts and help! I will begin reaching out!
no thank you, just reached a dead end. I guess I'll just keep trying on my own
Perfect. I will try to reach out and see if I can arrange for someone to contact her
i cant reach out the landlord . he didnt pick up phone
You have been a great help and it is a relief to know that I had someone to reach out to.
So reach out to clerk for help on where and how to submit electronically...is that right?
i have reached out to many lawyers and only 1 have i been able to speak with
So for I don’t have any question, I will reach you back if I need to.  Thank you so much for your help
since march Im trying to reach them
I guess I should probably reach out to an unemployment lawyer or accountant?
What should I do if my income is changed and I need to pay child support? I tried to reach court but it was useless.
I’ve been trying to reach out to the housing company directly but am having no luck getting in contact
My brother who has a psychiatric history  was arrested on parole violation. I need help reaching a lawyer .
I wanted a refraining order so the person does not reach out to me nor contacts me in any form or way
I have reached out to HR in the company which is based in LA
I was told I would need a referral or I would have reached out before now.
but with no one in at the offices, how can my application reach someone?
not sure if i should reach out to the attorney office of  the petitioner and let them know this as well
They havent reached a decision being that it hasnt been 60 days. Is that consodered an active case?
Ironically I have reached out to 3 on your list, but it was to no avail - make the road, legal svcs. andnylag.
