I'm looking for a lawyer that can help me get the paperwork started. To serve my husband divorce papers
Hi, if you were never served papers for child support,  do you still have to go to the court date?
hi I would like to know if you state a divorce papers. It first gets process and then you get served?
If I do mediation which I belive is pointless would I then be concidered served?
They want to find out information that was decided and if there are rules agaisnt them still being served
i have filed a case to enforce and modify terms of a divorce and I need to serve someone.  how do i do it
hi wanted to know how long it takes when someone puts papers for the divorce for then to serve you
Someone is trying to serve me papers.  My out of state attorney said it was regarding an old mortgage (house sold in divorce)
I have the grandmothers address but everytime someone tires to serve her she never no where to be found.
Hi, today i was served papers from my sons father who has not been in his life since he was an infant
Can he serve my mother or does it have to physically get in my hands ?
She was served with papers yesterday and the hearing is set for 11/22/2019 @ 10am
Thanks - looks like they would have to be served personally in their home state
awesome how would I prove I wasn’t served. If I wasn’t served?
I’m was served divorced papers do I go to the court
because i did get any notification or divorce judgement in the mail or served to me
she served him papers but now I sent her an email tell her i withdraw petition to divorce
Hi I have been contacted by a lawyer because spouse wants to serve me divorce papers
Can you tell someone you are trying to serve them papers if you are unable to locate them
I was served with papers about a debt I didn't know I had
i was served with papers last Friday at 7pm at my home....yes, stressful
just looking for papers to respond to divorce papers I was served and don’t agree with terms
I was served with divorce papers  I need to know how I respond as  I cannot afford legal representation
i received the letter not too long ago and wasn't served properly
what is the proper way to serve an out of state party?
i was served court papers regarding a tax lien on a prior home that was sold
Can my case get thrown out if they not able to serve him ?
So he whined up not getting served. I also asked can the court serve him and they said no
Grandma got custody, and then I was served child support papers, Stating I resided with the child. Flat out lie.
I read online i would need to serve the other party.
Does one necessary need to be physically served residential custody papers
but how can i serve someone when I don’t know where they live ?
i got a letter stating i have a warrant out for me and  i never been served any papers how do i go about that
supposedly there’s a court date December 20th but we have not been served any papers as of yet
and the OTSC would need to be served on the ex, right?
How to serve papers to a person in another country?
Hi, I was served divorce papers last week. I know I normally have 20 days to respond. Has that been extended due to cover-19?
yes 20 days... I was served by a person...
How exactly should I ask the court for permission to serve that particular OSC on attorneys via email?
now how would i go about serving her the vourt order
i just got the papers to serve her on 2/4 but case is in April
How does someone from NY serve someone in SC divorce papers
I was served with divore papers, it says to respond in 20 days
Can my family member serve it to the defendant can i send it by mail?
She used the usps mail service to serve me court paperwork stating I must appear in court I was never served
i was never served so I don't know who to contact or write to
I am served by New Rochelle and live in Mt Vernon
My NY attorney said they have the information in email form but cannot forward it to me because I must be served.
how can I answer the foreclosure program interactive when I was never served???
and if i only know the borrough she live in  and not the address can she still be served
I need help finding a lawyer because I was served with papers
I had someone serve the parent in my case however they refused the summons. Does this count as being served?
Since the pandemic do you still serve in  person.  I have to serve the affirmation of defendant on someone in nj I live in ny
I see on your website options and ways to serve papers but nothing on restriction of  where one can be served
i need some directions about serving paper to the other party via an email
Seneca i did file papers at the town court but they moved and were not able to serve them
would I still be able to serve her those papers
I would like to have my ex husband served with papers but having a hard time with help
Firstly I believe i was incorrectly served the papers for the court date
i think I receive paper but my attorney say i should tell court i did not get serve
I need to serve my ex child support papers. I don’t know his current address and our clerks office is closed
I wanted too know by her having her father serve me the papers
Thank you..if I fill them out how long does it take to get them served
When should I be served? They said today "hopefully", but still nothing from anybody. Who serves me? How long does it take?
if the wrong person is served with divorce papers and the response time has passed is that legal
will the court generate the documents that i need to serve her with?
I got served with eviction papers and I have court on January 14th
I was wondering how to tell when some one was served with their court documents for custody
i was served with court papers and my status is Case Status Disposed
I NEED TO SERVE MY EXHUSBAND A PETITION OF VIOLATION OF SUPPORT, WHAT ARE THE RULES FOR THAT
Their was a single document served but I don't understand it
Do you have information as to how I can use Electronic filing? How about service , can I also serve my ex and his lawyer electronically?
I was never there and never got served with no papers
Was served with divorce papers and do not agree with some of the terms. Need help to respond
if he not serve the paper in court it will be cancel automaticaly
I supposed to serve it within 20 days but I didn’t know and I served it after few months
but can you point me to where to go that will serve the divorce papers since I have my ex husband's address
But was told that date for court is just for me. So i did not have to serve him papers
how many days in advance do i have to serve a petition to modify custody?
what happens if the person being serve doesnt appear infront of a judge for the papers being served the order of protection
Yes, who can serve a petition to the respondent? Lastly when do they have to be served?
Looking to find a resource due to getting served divorce papers from the spouse that lives from a different state
but how will the mother get served with the modification? do i have to go to the sheriff?
when a support modification is filed does the other parent needs to be served court papers?
Will the divorce papers be served to him even if he is in a men's shelter?
Would I still be able to serve her the court papers even tho the dates are different
trying to end a domestic partnership but can’t serve papers to partner . Unknown address
I was served papers and had to go up there and I got the child support order sometime in September 2018.
hello how can I serve someone in a prison with custody papers ? What are my options
I WAS LOOKING FOR A PHONE NUMBRT TO SPEAK TO SOMEONE AS MY LANLORD HAS SERVED ME 14 DYA NOTICE PAPERS FOR AUG AND SEPTEMBER
is there any service I could use to serve the papers? Or is there another way to serve the papers?
I want serve in the 75th ranger regiment
I was served foreclosure  papers late Feb of this year.
Gm we have been served with foreclosure papers and need help
Yes, I have checked this website.  Just questioning if should sue both parties.   Grandson may be hard to serve.
I am just confused as to if he needs to serve me again  or if his eviction left we go in effect
I need to know how u know if u got legally serve
would the papers I was served in notice of the hearing suffice?
The letter giving me notice was dated september 17 but postmarked october 1 to serve court papers.
I just need second half of the  paper fill out she been  served I got a index number
His wife has served him with divorce papers- they have no children.
I cant serve someone who is not here in NY what do you advise
how do i get someone served but dont have their address
I had my husband served divorce papers and he never responded, my question is do I have to refile paperwork
IF YOUR GIVEN PAPERS  served papers from a plice officer
can I serve child support on valentines day
I just recieved a call saying i owe a debt and they are going to serve me
I need help from a lawyer to get the address of my sons father so he can be served
I am looking for information on finding an attorney as I was just served divorce papers on Friday.
You were just helping me and trying to find out if I was served incorrectly
I’ve spent hundreds and hundreds just getting him served and it isn’t good enough.
My question is how long do I have to serve someone for paternity dna
Apparently they haven't been served and the court was told that they don't have the address
my father mailed it out, but we are not sure what "I served a/an Answer on" ____________ means
