Okay thank you, so I fill this out and send it in or do I go down to the court house
Okay thanks again, that gives me a good place to start.
Okay, do you know where I can access the needed forms?
Okay. Take your time. Just want to make sure it’s okay for me to use it.
Okay, and where would I find the documnets I need
Okay thank you. I saw that it was contingent on specific state rules so I wanted to verify
Okay, I will give the NYSBA a shot tomorrow. Thank you very much.
oh okay. Thank you. I thought it was more of a general question. sorry about that.
Okay, thank you so much you've been extremely helpful
Okay great! Thank you! Is that going to be free ?
Okay thank you.  so the affidavit will only be one copy to the court?
Okay, this is good.  I see information that is helpful.  Thank you for your time.
Oh okay thank you...is there a form needed for the modification
Okay  I’ll keep your all Information & trying to  apply for house rent. Thank you much for you help.
Okay! At least now I know what direction im heading in.
Okay thank you so much is there a specific address needed for the arrears letter?
okay, thank you so much for you help. Have a wonderful day!
Oh okay .  Thank u very much for your time !
Okay, thank you so much and my friend also thanks you.
Okay, that is good to know. Thanks so much!
Okay, then why don't I tell you what's going on. Would that be okay?
Okay thank you for your  help.  Stay well.
My reason for wanting to change is very lengthy. Is that okay to the courts?
Okay - this looks like what  I need - thank you so much
oh that's okay as long as that hotline number is for all states that's all matter I appreciate ur help
Okay, thank you so much, have a great evening!
okay sounds good, thankyou so much
Oh okay. Thanks for the information and for your help!
Okay thank you so much for your help and time!
Okay yes I think a hotline would help!
Okay thank you so much this helps alot
Okay anyway, thank you very much for the information.
okay well at least i know where to start :) thank you again
Okay, thank you for your help, and have a nice evening.
Okay, thank you so much for the information. I will follow up with them.
oh okay, well thank you so much Michael.  You have been very helpful. Be safe and have abeautifulday.
oh okay , thank you so much for your time
Okay it’s okay — thank you though !
Okay. So do i do the form for 4-1 or a different one because were going for custofy
Okay perfect thank you very much. You’ve been very helpful
That’s okay thank you,I’m filing for custody these few days as well ,almost done with that
Oh okay I see I will try that thank you
Okay, thank you again for your help.  The links were very helpful.
Okay thank you very much I will try with a regular desktop
Okay thank you if I have any problems text you back
Okay, can one of your attorneys help me with a defamation case?
Okay I started looking into this, was wondering if there was something else. Okay thank you.
Okay thank you this is very helpful. Hopefully they'll be able to assist
okay I do understand thank you so much for your help
Okay thank u so much molly
Okay please thank u I appreciate that
Okay thank you so much. Have an amazing day!
Okay I’m going to call them right now. Thank you for your help.
Okay Enrique thank so much for this info I guess that will help me through with the process
Okay thank you so much for your information has been a great help
It’s okay , I’m alive thank god
Okay thank you so much for your time and patience
Okay thank you so much I do not need any more help
Ah, okay. I suppose I'll have to put some more research into it, then. No big deal. Thank you very much for your help, though!
Okay thank you I'm just trying to figure out who I can talk to
Okay.  Thanks.  I was trying to figure put the forms on the website do these people can help?
Okay well thank you for your help , I’ll continue to research online.
Awesome. Thank you so much. Lol it’s okay, no biggie 😊
Okay thanks Megan appreciate your help
okay yes I do have that number. this is helpful, thank you
Okay, sounds good. Thanks for your help. Don't work too hard!
Okay, thank you. I did contact one on the list and left a message. We'll see what happens. Thank you for your help today.
Okay thank you for the help in pointing me to the above organizations!
Okay, thank you.  Is it okay to hand-write within the form since you can't type within.
Okay, thank you so much! This is the most straight forward answer I’ve gotten in weeks! Lol
Okay. Thanks for the info. You’ve been very helpful!
Okay thank you so much. I will call around
oh okay thank you have a nice day
okay so it is just one main number. Thank you
Okay. I will call them immediately. Thank you so much for all of your help!!
If a written agreement is made and notarized, will that be okay in court?
okay, thank you for all the information i will get right on it.
Okay thank you so much for helping me understand this process a little bit better
Okay, I will contact them, thanks again Nicole, you are an angel
Okay thank you so much I will check out the link to see what I can do
It's okay. Thanks for helping me out. I am sure it will give me the first steps of what I need to do.
Okay, I did that but just want sure! Thanks for your help
Okay, thank you very much Celine, this information has been very helpful
Oh okay I apologize I don't know much about these things thanks for your time. I'm all set have a good day
Okay thank you, but for the 2 links do I have to print it out and mail it?
Okay, that sounds like a good option
Okay I will look at everything you sent me! Thank you Amy
Okay then thanks. I’ll call the board of education again. Thank you so much
Ohhh okay thank you sooooo much
okay okay so the family court in the Bronx
Okay thank you very much appreciate your time
Okay. Thank you very much for your assistance. I truly appreciate it!
okay perfect thank you so much for all of your help
Ah okay. well i will keep checking then.
oh okay. That makes much more sense
Okay, thank you for your help, Cecilia.  'Bye now!
Okay. Thanks so much. I hope it helps
Okay, good I’ll try that . Thx again.
Okay, thanks for you're help though!
Okay during day thanks appreciate it thanks
okay so if i am intending to pick up any papers from the court myself, what would i put?
Okay thank you and I appreciate your time to help me
okay no worries, thank you so much for your help
okay thanks i found the family one too
It's okay but I just need the help much as possible please can you help me
Okay,  Thanks so much for Ur help. 😊
Okay thank you for the information that helped a lot
okay great, thank you! can you tell me is there anything I should aware of... just in general
Okay thank you. do you have any more information on the emancipation process?
okay great thank you so much i will start off here and hopefully this helps.
okay that helps me with everything i need today , thank you so much
okay thank you Celine - have a great weekend
Okay, thank you, can you tell me what there hours of operation are?
Okay, I’ll check out that service. Thank you for your help.
Okay, thank you.very much. The tty number.is also for scu?
Okay. Thank you so dearly. I so glad you were here to help, I really needed it.
Okay thank you so much. I will be contacting them and see what they can help us with
Okay thank you for your help Monaliza, I do not need any further assistance. Have a nice day!
Okay thank you so much! Have a nice day 😊
Okay, thank you--I will read that link
Okay what are business hours for lift operators
Okay as long as the company is license I guess is safe
okay thank you. do you know if i qualify after 5 years
Okay. Thank you.  You can sign off now. I will be looking for the websites you have given me.  Thanks , Again.
Awesome! Okay great. I think that's all, then. Thank you very very much for the assistance today!
Okay thank you so much this really helps. Now when I call them do you think I will be able to file immediately?
okay but will it be hard for someone else to take custody of her
Okay, thank you. I appreciate all the information you gave me. Hopefully this will be resolved quickly.
Okay Laura Thanks for your help I guess I'm going to the courthouse tomorrow. Thank you again and have a very nice weekend
okay, thank you very much for your help jarrod.
It's okay Michael I just texted a friend whom is a landlord . Thank you so much for your help.
That's okay, I know it is a complicated matter.
oh okay, so let me explain my situation..
Okay, thanks! That’s a help. I will contact them.
Oh okay thank you she told me to send a email but she dont give to me
Okay. Thank you for your time. Enjoy the rest of your evening.
Okay thank you ! So do I stay in this chat or I can exit
Okay, thank you for all the information and your help today
That's okay, im exploring all options.  Thanks for your time.
Your website lists that you help veterans okay thank you
Okay.  Thanks for your help!  It will be worth a try.
Okay thank u can i go to the coney island center #63
Okay, thanks so much. This helpline is  HUGE help.
Okay, thank you for pointing me in the right direction!
OKAY THANK YOU I WILL KEEP THE NUMBER YOU HAVE BEEN VERY HELPFUL
