i had to speak to the secertary of the judge to get this information
so in regards to the legal aspect who would i need to speak with to be in partnership with the department of justice
Can I speak someone who can help me social sevices?
I would like to speak to a legal representative first
Both. I am not sure if this is legal for them to do and if it's not I would like to speak with a lawyer.
We have had communication but she cut it off and has text that she wishes her  mom to speak for her. She is 19.
i have a situation with my landlord and i just dont know who i can speak to regarding this
can you point me in the right direction of where to go and who to speak to
Ok will the number u provided give me an attorney to speak to
So basically I should just go to the courthouse and speak to someone about this
I need to speak to a lawyer about my childs saftey and what I should do
ok great to know I'm speaking with  person! Thank you Shannon! Hope you're well
Hi Matt, I was speaking with you previously and my connection failed
I did speak to the clerk first. They said only family court lawyers not divorce.
I want to continue but I not speak English. Have somo one speak in spanish?
yes we tried that and we can't locate anyone to speak with
is there anyway we can speak over the phone? Are you in Erie county???
I am confused with my brother lease..he had a stroke and is unable to speak for himself so l seek guidance
I wish I could speak on the phone with someone.  It is hard for mme to type everything
Great help can we speak again if I need more inquiries?
Yes, thanks. Is there anyone I can speak to that can help me through this process?
I am actually speaking for my father who is currently a disabled senior who cannot speak english.
I basically need to speak to someone who can advice me on my situation
Ok...and who do I speak to? And how do I find EDDS and under what category
yes i dont speak a lot english
but where are all the forms.  I did speak to someone at the family court and they said I can efile on this ste
Is there anyway I can possibly speak to an attorney at some point?
but I speak a little English, I speak more Spanish, think they could help me
Thank you. Would you know of any other Governmental departments like the housing Authority, that I should speak with?
Who can I speak with in regards to a legal separation agreement
but i need to speak to someone first to ensure i have a case
So I wanted to speak to someone other than that office to know how the form needs to be filled out
Please give me a name and number of whom I can speak with
Can I speak with Andrew sorry my connection went awat
could u please send me a telephone number with a person that would speak to Maureen Risi in regards to her grandchildren
Thank you . I really would actually need to speak with someone instead to much I have a few quesstions
my landlord is threating legal action and I want to  speak to someone about it
should I go to the court if so whom can I speak with ? I want this remove
I am trying to find a number to call to speak to someone about child support payment
We have been going through my mom a 3rd party in order to send messages because we can’t speak with out arguing
Thank you I read some info online.. could you send me some referrals so I can speak to someone please?
cause i have a tbi and cant speak well
Can you please also get somebody who speak spanish
I need to speak to my attorney in Watertown NY
I’m currently on hold with them as we speak 🤷🏽‍♂️
My attorney name is Michael as well am I speaking to the same Michael?
Yes, i would like to speak with someone to help me through this process
Hi need to speak with a attorney in regards to my current situation
Need to speak to someone (a lawyer to get valid information
May I speak with a LiFT operator please
I just don’t know if I should be speaking to someone in Texas, NY or Maryland
I was just speaking to someone and got disconnected.  I was waiting for a referral to a lawyer
No, I speak english. I just need a form that is in Spanish.
those worked but the 2nd one is yours  is there no  one to speak to?
what is the telephone number at queens family court where i can speak to someone
hi, i was speaking with Jane and the connection disconnected
Wait.  I'm finding myself explaining stuff that I wouldn't have to if I was speaking to someone in NYC.  Is that the case?
I thought I was speaking with someone from the the westchester county court in white plains. The chat button was on their website
who would I need to speak with in order to get more information
they gave me an email but i need to speak to someone asap and hopefully get a court date
I need to speak to someone, preferably for free, and get advice before I file a petition for custody.
What # can i call to speak to someone regarding this matter
I'm being deny from speaking with my dad on the phone and not allow to visit for no reason
hi mike you  have somebody who speak spanish
yes, if there a service I can contact so I can speak with someone about the specifics of my situation?
Even contacts for a lawyer I can speak to is in this link
Did u find anything can I speak to someone
I was just speaking with someone Sheryl maybe and got disconnected..
I need to speak to someone that can help me with getting an appointment to see a judge.
Do you know if there is anyone I can speak to near Albany about whether or not I should modify my order?
No, it is okay. I will try to speak to someone by phone to find a resolution. Thanks!
hi ash, where can i find a lawyer who i can speak to about an issue i'm having?
how do i speak to someone about getting partial custody & visitation to see y child
I would like to speak to an advocate for justice
ok I hope they can assist mom.  She does not speak English.
what age is the child able to speak for themselves in court?
I was speaking with your colleague but i think i lost the signal
I need to speak with someone regarding a custody case
Hello I need help speaking to someone about a court case I had last year with my landlord
she called them back and i tried to speak to them but of course they were incredibly hostile
i need to speak to someone and explain my situation
That will be all. Wish me luck to actually speak with someone.
I did speak to someone yesterday too and filled out my email to have chat sent to me but I didn’t get anything
I would like to speak to customer service at scrie
I have the information that you have provided but I wanted them to speak to an actual lawyer just for general advise
Therefore ,I.can not address this matter to anyone as a result of not being able to speak a representative.
I'm trying to find someone I can speak to in regards to a youthful offender sealed record.
I have an issue with a letter I recieved from benefits. Is there someone I can speak to for help?
i tried calling but kept getting recordings and wasn’t able to speak to anyone
where should I go on that website to call to speak with someone?
i was hoping to speak with someone about my options in the absence of being able to follow the proper protocols
thank you. I think I need to speak to lawyer.
Hi Anna, I was just disconnected I was previously speaking with you
Do I have a right to speak to my grandson in Saratoga county?
it might be, i would have to speak with them.  will they talk to someone in rockland county?
Who would be the right attorney to speak to regarding this?
Thank you.  Are there any lawyers that would be able to speak to me about the case?
That would be great to be able to speak with someone to help me through this process.
Hi I was just speaking with someone and got disconnected
No. I just needed a lawyer who I could speak with regarding my case. Thanks so much Katie
I would like to speak to an unemployment lawyer
can i speak with someone else please?  you don't seem to understand what i am saying
I have no idea. Mom and me don't speak. If he is, it's probasbly illegal
we dont even speak we have no communication what so ever
i have a childsuport orden i need speak we some one to help me
Do I call family court and speak to a clerk ?
who do i ask to speak to in order to make a complaint
Thank you, this is a great form. Do you know if there is anyone I can speak to about my options?
Yes Hi I am in Nassau county, I am looking for a divorce lawyer that speaks Arabic
but I understand really well and I can write and speak a little
I don't understand english, i can only speak chinese
I don't think so at this time. I'm mostly looking to speak with a lawyer about my situation specifically.
Hello and good evening, I would like to speak with someone regarding an issue I am currently having with my landlord
I need to speak to someone about eviction procedures
I need to speak with someone about a foreclosure proceeding against my property in Franklin County NY
i haven’t been able to speak to a person ywet
I need someone to speak to, to get free information with my situation
Who can I speak to regarding Co-op boards or condo associations not complying with bylaws?
It would be very nice if you had a lawyer who speaks Russian
Hi I don't have a court case my children's dad and can not speak with each other with out arguing
i would like to either knwo the status of the case, or who i should speak to for advice
I am writing for my sister in law because she only speaks Spanish. Do you have Spanish speaking employees so she can reach out directly?
Is this number can let someone speak chinese
I need to find a spanish speaking attorney to help me with custody
Is there a number I can call to speak to someone regarding my landlord
i don't speak much with mom, i tried speak when lost  my job but she say dont care
Awesome, this is great. Do you know if there is anyone I can speak to about my options?
Would you know of any numbers I could possibly call or a lawyer I could speak to
Hi! I'm reaching out on behalf of someone who only speaks Uzbek
Another question, should my girlfriend speak to a lawyer before she speaks to the bank suing her for her debt?
I'd love to speak to someone for 5 min ideally
Yes, nowhere does it speak of a contested case.
May I speak to Leticia James please
Would like to speak / chat with a someone who I can clarify how this works.
I need to speak to someone about employment help
I don't know why you sent it to me in Spanish I do not speak Spanish
I am speaking on behalf of my mother who is looking for someone to represent her on a court hearing.
We were speaking a few minutes ago ... if u can direct me to whoever can give me advice on what to do about my situation
