last time I physically seen my daughter was back in early March
her biological father who hasn't seen her in 10 years is finally willing to give up parental rights and allow the adoption.
4 years haven’t seen the child no contact is that considered actively
is common law marriage seen as legal?
I’ve never filed before, and everything I seen is for those who already filed
that is my daughters name emma. I havent seen her or jason in 7 years. I miss them so much i can hardly stand it
Yes, I haven't seen this pop up for live help before.  Is this a new service
was granted my rights to having my daughter and I haven’t seen her since the summer time
ex has not seen my son since 2 and he will be 8 now
No I haven't seen grandchildren for 2 months
I seen it but I thought it would’ve stated violation
and want to fire her law guardian and get someone new for her to see what is needed to be seen
I do not know where he lives at the moment. He moved while we were going thru the separation. I have never seen him work.
What do I do I was present in court and seen how the judge treated both parties and he was biased toward the mother
He refused to have contact with his mother, he hasn't seen her for more eight years so far he left her house at 18.
I was suppose to have her for Xmas New Years thanksgiving etc I haven’t seen her or spoken to her since august
I also believe I can be seen some how as everyone nos my business
I tried so hard to keep her until this case is seen but I can only buy so much time.
Hi, how do i locate a mediator to help assit with parental custody before having to be seen by a judge in family court?
The father has no job no home and made a huge seen at the funeral
My childs father is inna whole different state and he hasn't seen him in over a year. He will be 2 In a Few Months
Yes does it matter what court house the we seen the judge
He has not seen my son since last year
We don't know. We haven't seen it. She is verbally telling us this and the attorney she hired under my mom's name.
No I want to take his rights away because he hasnt seen him in 12 yeaes.
Yes. Haven’t seen her in two years, going on three.
About how long does the process take to be seen by a judge
now how do i get tis to be seen asap honeslty
I haven't seen my 7 year old daughter in 3 months now !
I haven't seen them since mother's day weekend and in June both times I flew to NY.
i haven't seen her for years and i don't know what else to do so I want to go through the court.
Hi my ex broke court order and I haven’t seen my child for 6 months.
Their mother has basically abandoned them have not seen from or heard from her since Wednesday
If I got a letter saying I have six days to vacate and we haven't even seen a judge yet can they do that
thank you I think they won't work with us because we are estranged, the dad has not seen the child in a year
the last time we actually seen my nephews was back in september
Thank you Ashley.  Haven't seen the article yet.
So the next day the mom wanted my daughter and I told her no your getting high and we seen it
My father's son has not talked to him or seen him in 3 years and hasn't paid child support in 10 months
the bio parents are completely out of the pic. she hasnt ever met her dad, and hasnt seen the mom in 2 yrs
if I file today is there an option to be seen ASAP or how long is the wait until we go to court?
and he hasn’t seen the baby since the past 4 months because of my order of protection towards him
I also need to file a visitation petition as I haven’t seen my son in months
I did that already on March 4th we was supposed to be seen by a judge. & we couldn't do it because of the cover.
My friends mother has custity of her two kids she hasn't seen them in over two months what can she do
by the way my kids don’t know that man and having seen that man since 1 and the other months old
Sorry I pasted message before I seen your message to not say full name.
Ok we did put a petition in February still haven’t seen a judge because of covid
they live in Florida most of the year, they never stay with me and I have barely seen them in years.
my name is shazima and I have 2 boys I have not seen and would like to vistit
we will need to be seen by the judge because both parents cant come to a visitation agreement.
No we haven’t seen any lawyers or judges. She has been living with me since birth so about 5 months
Ah I have seen this page before, but we didn't make an inspection before moving in, so it's hard to get evidence
her biological father, my exhusband has not seen her, nor tried to see her during this time
My sons dad took him out of state I have no seen him in 2 months
I have only seen her twice and I would like to legally know if the child is mine
well right now we have jointed custody but he has not seen nor done anything for my child for two years
I haven’t seen my son in 3 months and would like information on what to do
Hello I want to seek divorce but we have kids in common but he hasn't seen them in over 7 years
Yes, child support and visitation but the father hasn’t seen her in about 2 years
Ok I have seen all that I do have a account online that shows me everything
Have not seen much written that is similar to my situation
I haven't seen him for 6 months now because she took him there without my consent
My daughters biological father hasent been seen in over a year and my boyfriend wants to adopt her how d I go about doing that
We haven’t seen one another since that day
I haven't seen my grandson in 7 years
But I seen this but can’t find visa specific
his father hasn’t seen him in 3 months and hasn’t made contact during that time.
I had a question about a child support case but I seen you can’t help with that so No
never seen o r heard of anything like this
she hasnt seen him in over a year and half and before that it was over 6 months
ive seen that but does that apply to tenants that are behind on rent as well
I do have proof of things and have seen the abuse as well
Basically, there has never been a order which has been seen before a judge to acknowledge movement to another state or approval.
I live inP.A. Wife has moved to N.Y.C. Hasnt seen or heard from children in 3wks.
I seen the form but I don't have no docket number or anything like that . Do the courts fill that out
and I currently don’t live in the state they seen the news at
I have seen this forms. What if it is contested? and are there sample petitions to view?
so I haven’t seen my daughter since March 18th and I wouldn’t be able to see her till courts open up ?
I have not seen my five children in almost five months.
i havent gotten my meds or seen my doctor adn my symprtoms are getting worse.
I haven’t seen my son is 3 months. And I just want to file for visitation rights ASAP
haven’t seen the kid in 3 weeks
