Maybe there is some lawyer who is providing consultation online
Because I have to budget myself, would either give a free consultation?
I appreciate all the consult, but I def. need a lawyer to advocate for me. I do not do well with public speaking
Hi, just confirming that i cannot start the virtual consultation until the client has signed on.
We are thinking about getting married but I would like to consult with a lawyer to do things the right way
could you schedule a phone consultation with an attorney? this issue is very concerning
I would like to consult with a lawyer regarding my significant other
I need a lawyer to consult on how to sue a caseworker for negligence, harassment, discrimination.
Free legal consultation for family court
Hi, I'm not able to click on the "Start Virtual Consultation" button
I am looking for a lawyer who can help me with divorce with free consultation
Would I be able to schedule a court consultation if I'm the noncustodial parent?
Free consultation with someone that deals with child support cases
i need someone to consult with that had some knowledge of this and i like to hold the facility accountable
so i have clearly not had time to consult with an attorney or prepare for this court date
Yes, but do I apply as an independent contractor (taxi driver) or self-employed restaurant consulting business?
Where can i get free consultation about filling a divorce
Who can I call for free family law consultation in Albany county?
can I contact one of your attorneys for a free consultation?
He needs to consult with a legal person to ask questions.
how do I go about getting a free layer for consult and child custody
May I ask if the consultation with the lawyer can that lead to retaining someone?
n o i presume i can just call and get consultation now right?
or any resources that can assist in consulting or representing succession rights
Do you all do reference to places I can find an attorney to consult with?
How do I go about checking into whether or not I would be eligible to consult with legal aid?
Ok..also one thing are you able to give me any attorney services for free consultations?
Usually I just hit virtual consultation to start and it won’t let me.
Hello, my name is Nataliya. Can you help me to get a consultation by live chat with Child Support?
Will it be best to get married or consult with a lawyer first
Plus would be better to do the consult through the site since I have uploaded the three documents if she wants them.
I am not sure of the details but everything I have read says to consult an attorney
Is there a cost for the consultation? I can't tell from the website
i was told I could at least get a free consultation to help, but would it be via phone with the Covid issues?
I understand there is a list of lawyers who can provide free first consultations?
I am a shareholder of a NYS corporation and actually looking for an attorney for a consultation.
Locally to area code 14901 free consultation
I need a free consultation to see if i have a case
that's ok, I will consult with an attorney.  thank you very much for your time
Site's not letting me enter "Start Client Consultation"
I think that is it....I mean you cannot advise whether or not I should consult an attorney right?
ok. thank you. I hope there are free consultation services available
I’m seeking consultation for family court matters
Thank you again but can you please let me know which one will be free consultation.
I am looking to consult with a attorney with coop experience, can you suggest anyone?
and this immigration lawyer she can see is for consultation only, correct?
yes please, also i need someone that can offer free consultation as to funds are tight
Can I get access to a lawyer for a free consultation?
Hello, I would like to consult with someone about whether I am elligible for medecaid.
I am looking for a layer for a free consultation about a pending Divorce.
Hello, is it possible to consult a lawyer somehow, or a law student?
Maybe I won't need to consult with a lawyer unless I get push back from my employer, right?
I am hoping to secure a legal consultation for her. Thank you.
Hello- Is there any free consultation for single fathers in Queens, NY, to file for legal custod?
Hi, I am looking to get free consultation from a criminal lawyer?
it would be a consultation on attorney practices and whether this lawyer is in violation of ethical standards which i think he is
I would like free consultation about family rights
Yes are they free consultations cause I have very income right now
I think the whole point was consulting someone out the NY dept of labor, but I guess it's unavoidable.
I am looking to get a consultant regarding a violation of an agreement that had the other party obtain work.
i have consulted with that office on numerous occasions in syracuse
I have to respond to a form they sent me but want to consult with the unemployment lawyer first
I paid a lawyer 100.00 for a consult and she told me what papers to get. that is all. I just can't find them
Yes. They till me the forms I used are outdated due to a law change in June. Consult an Attorney is all I'm told.
Hi!  I am online and started my consultation.  The system says my client is online but I can neither see nor hear her
I am, even just for a consultation.  Any where I can find how to defend myself in this administrative hearing
Hi the FLC says my client is in session but the virtual consultation button is not letting me push it to get into the session.
Hi Sami, just wanted to confirm that the session button will activate once Jason logs in? "Start virtual consultation" button is currently inactive.
