Yh i ask to hive my mom custody of my daughter
i was trying to see if I can put my daughter father on child support
I have one my daughter turned 22 and she is graduating from college in may. I need to have her removed
As well as my daughter who been living on her own for about 2 years now
i want to find out if all of the cps cases from 2019 have been unfounded in reguards to my daughter Autumn Shrader
I'm taking the mother of my daughter to quart a paternity test. Because I want visitation. She does not let me see my daughter.
Need visitation in order to c my daughter
hi. I filed for custody of my two daughters and I have not heard anythign
Hi I just filled a petition for custody of my daughter
let you know I’m deaf I have one daughter
Hi Amy I need help ASAP to get my daughter
Can my mother-in-law dump my daughter on my door step if she has legal custody?
No I need to start a case against  my daughter father
have grandson too but only see when i take grand daughter home
I don’t quite understand the form as well I’d like custody of my daughter and visitation agreement for her father
could I ground my daughter for having bad behavior
so my daughter went to the navy on oct 19
my ex-wife has custody of our two other daughters and that support is resolved
My daughter's father want to take her for weeks but my daughter has conditin where she can not be around anyone smoking
Yes , but my mother’s daughter move to Orange County with ny daughter
my ex girlfriend is keeping my daughter away from me and i would like to see her
I just want to go to court for him to see her daughter do I have to go for Custody?
I’m tryna figure out how and what forms I need to have visitation set. I’m having problems seeing my daughter
i like to file petition as biological father for that daughter
Can i file for visitation of my grand daughter online?
Hello I am trying to file a writ for my daughter I don’t know where on the website to go
i have for 9 years  almost evry weekend had my grand daughter
There has been a tragic accident where My daughters mother recently died. I want to know and confirm my custodial rights of our daughter
My daughter was deported and I went to court for custody of my grand daughters
How can I go about getting a new child lawyer for my daughter?
Hello. I’m in need of help setting up mediation between myself and my daughters father
I have ordered peticion visit and the father refuse when dont let me have my daughter.
A student threatened to shoot my daughter the principal is acting like my daughter is lying and the student was allowed to stay in school
so my daughters father has a visitation order... he was appointed by the court to have hr the first two weeks of August
My daughter lives I. Saratoga springs and I want visitation and or custody
I am in court with my daughter for custody,  visitation And I am the grandmother
The father of my daughter stopped sending my daughter child support, what can i do?
and I’m already very frustrated from my daughter father just taking my daughter from me
I flew to Nebraska & tried to get her but cops were irrational & my daughter so not mentall well.  :(
My daughters father wont give me insurance cards. So I need to being him to court
The older child, my daughter's half brother
I need to have my daughter taking off Child support, Which form do i use to petition the court?
Hello where can I go online to file for Visitations of my daughter
Does it terminate my daughters father support order?
I need to get my daughters  passaport  but  I don’t know anything about the father
My oldest daughter was molested while in care and my youngest daughter is currently missing while in the system
good am my daughter is brainwashed by her baby daddy & wont let me see my granddaughter what rights, if any do i have
Father has nothing to do with daughter and step father does everything with her and is a actual dad to her
i am contacting livehelp because i am trying to find the forms needed to petition for custody of my daughter
I need place for my daughter and baby father
Hi, need help in gaining back custody of my daughter
My daughter and i can't see her because the mother will not let me
My daughter got my grand daughter for her reqular visit and won't return her
i would like to file visitation I have a daughter I want to see
My daughter was attacked by another resident in my NYCHA developments
I have a 15 yr old daughter who’s Mom passed away & my name isn’t on my daughter’s Birth certificate...
I need the forms for a modification of divorce for visitation to see my daughter
My daughter applied for neighborhood legal services and hasn't heard whether you accepted her yet. Do you know how long it takes?
I won't let me see my daughter for years and i want to file for visitation to try to see her
My daughter who is 20 years of age relocated with me in High Point, NC - she is permantely residing with me.
I want to bequeath custody to my daughter because her father was deported
my daughter just true 21yrs I'm not working and she in college and i need to continue get child support for her
My ex is hiring a lawyer to take my daughter away I want to get a head start on it before he does
My daughter is 2 months I live in Brooklyn and my baby mother trying to take my daughter away from me
thank you. It's hard because its based on my daughter and the actions of his girlfriend
i have a daughter with my ex girlfriend and she is giving me problems to see her
Yes we have.joint custody but my daughter hasn't gone over in a month and he thinks living with him would be better
I have a daughter and her mom is giving me some problems to see my baby
my daughter turned 20 April 4th
I need to apply for guardianship of my adult daughter who is incapacitated.
I have a visitation order for my daughter and my ex is. Not following it she is keeping my daughter awY from me
My daughters mom won’t let me see her for more than one day, what can I do ?
I am here on a visa, and my daughter is a resident Alien who used to live here with her resident alien father
but my daughter has been back with me for over a year and a  half and my ex has been keeping the child support
I need help in giving my daughter custody of my granddaughter
Our daughter is 9 now and only time he see her is on cam
Her mom is still collecting and my daughter lives with me
My daughter is also the beneficiary of my daughter who passed but she refuses to bury her.
My grand daughters they don’t want to live with her father
how do I file for custody if I am the father & my ex girlfriend and daughter live in the state of Texas
Let me clarify, my daughters husband does see their baby so would my daughter do the full custody or is it called joint custidy
I filed for visitation for my daughter if we can come to a conclusion can I cancel the court hearing
I am looking for some legal help in regards to gaining primary placement of my daughter but my funds are very limited
Ok but I don’t want to take them from their dad. He is a wonderful father and my daughter is awesome.
Hey what I’m going through is that the courts let me see my daughter but the mother is not letting me see her
my daughter's father is not giving me child support
my co-parent is not allowing me to see my daughter during covid
The daughter has not let the court know she has relocated. The grandmother has been unable to have visitation.
I have permanent custody of my daughter. I need a copy of that. I lost mine
I don’t know why he still have rights to my daughter if he doesn’t want to be around her
i only wanted to get a better life for me and my daughter
I believe it said custodial account for my daughter
my daughter mom isn’t allowing me to see or take my daughter for weekends because I refuse to be with her.
my daughter is in a unique position not actually being married to him
I was like to get a court order about my daughter grandmother to give me my child back
I need help according  to the visits days my daughters father need to come .And the money he needs to pass for his daughters
I need help with obtaining custody of my daughter and getting child support from her fathy
My name is Angela.   My ex husband has sole custody of our daughter. He had not let me see her for two months until yesterday
My daughter's father is on parole and he has vistation but hasn't paid child suport
The father of my daughter is refusing to sign her passport form because i put him on child support
the father of my daughter is giving up his rights. what form do i need
My daughter is telling us this, and the attorney that my daughter hired says the same but there has been no POA shown.
but she’s always threatening me she never lets me see my daughter
I have  visite whit my daughter and the father refuse give me her
yes I’m trying to get custody of my daughter
he isn’t the biological father of my daughter  another man is he wants to give up his rights
The mother (my daughter) has supervised visits until April
also have witnesses that has Hurd my daughter father making excuses to pick up his child also saying he only wants me back
ok i will do whatever i have to...my daughter is 15 i would assume she has a say in this as well
Hello. Yes I'm hoping you can. How do I get a mediator for visitation with my daughter.
Hi I live in NYC and my daughter mother died on 9/22/2019 how can I file for so custody of my daughter
how Do I go about filing for child support for my daughter
Me and my daughter have joint custody of her daughter I have residence she will not return her after her visit
hi my child father take my daughter out from her grandmother house am trying to fill for child custody how can i do it online
Yes. bc my daughter lost her small bus. due to pandemic. PLEASE help us. I am 77 and my daughter 56 with health issues.
I’m trying to file a writ for my daughter her grandma refusing to give her back
Yes i am ok with it...My daughter's husband is not allowing her to let me see the kids.
The father of my daughters he is not respecting the ordered and  adjuded
I need to change custody to my daughters father
I’m not working and my daughter is with me till September and my child support is going up
that l can see my daughter in til courts call me
I was divorced in Dec 2018 and I returned to court to modification of supervised custody of my daughter in Sept 2019
No, I am attempting mediation at the time with my daughter's father. Never went to court or have him on child support.
Hello my name is Jacgone I want to know how do I file for visitation for my daughter
I cannot see my daughter but I still want to provide for her as much as I can
I've by child's support for my daughter but the daughter she don't live with the mom no more what I have to do
My daughter's father isn't allowing me to see her despite our court order
my daughter was born in 2017, I was legally separated in 2015
My daughter is an Assistant Attorney General. I think her title is letting her get away with all of this.
can a daughter bring her father to child support court if the daughter is under 21 and the father is not supporting her one biy
either my husband or my daughter would have to drive me neither would be good,!
Hes a dead beat, rapist, threaTENS MY DAUGHTER AND MY GRANDSON AND my daughter made an attemp to end her life.
my daughter has stopped letting me see the grandkids
my oldest daughter has custody of my adult handicap child. i would like to at least get visitation where wuld i start
I need a lawyer, so I can try to get my daughter custody
Hi I currently have supervised visits with my daughter and my mother is
I was married to someone else. My daughter is in the custody of a guardian.
see my babys father has legal and physical custody of my daughter but my name is on the custody papers
I will like to how to file partial custody/ visitation oders for my two daughters. also paternity of one
I need to know about doing a modification for my daughter that is deceased
thank you, its very frustrating because I'm planning out my daughter's academic career and I cannot.
My daughter stays with her father one week and comes back to me the next week
I want to get visitation with. My daughter even if it's only by vidio
But my husband won't let me take my daughter
I need to get a form because i have my daughter now living with one for child support
My daughter is bad could I spank her with a belt
in March I had to give my cousin temporary custody of my daughter
Iam too I’m sorry I let it go on for so long myself and my daughters don’t deserve it
I will like to know how can I get my child support from daughter s father even tough I do not know where he lives
No one will help me and my daughters father is getting away with a lot and my daughter is suffering each day that goes by
I’m trying to get custody of my daughter
because my daughter loss custody of  2 of them and  I had problems with the agency to see them
I didn’t see my daughter for long time and I really miss her
I want to see my daughter more, unfortunately mom is not letting me...would like assistance in trying to get partial custody of her.
