sorry. I called someone they said i can upload documents onto the website
she said I could ask for her if we lost communication
than he told me well just give me 150 and you out of the problem so i said well
Ha! Not my attorneys. Like I said I get the truth here! They have misled me from the start.
and the man said I guess my partner never told me so just have her call us when she returns
wouldnt accept drug tests i took bc they said i was on drugs
No no...I signed a retainer and the paralegal said they put my case in an attorneys folder?
she could have said that instead of giving conflicting information
Is mutual he said  he would give me the divorce.
Someone said that I should get a seats and disis order on her
i reread it and saw it said not to give you my name.lol
I did a enforcement through chuld s u port enforcement agency.However, they said i must go to family court
Supreme Court Clerk said I could not use their library since its closed. And referred me to Laura Hankin
He said I can't see my kids till Sept and thats a maybe he said
The manager said "eat off paper" when I explained that I could no longer stand at the sink.
Did not even ask for said harrasding and  threatening letter!
The clerk who gave me the paperwork. She said One for each parent and I don't know whom to address the 3rd packet to
The woman said he called a month ago n she asked me dod i get the papers i did not. I guess she is sending
So you said I can file the papers online and then they will contact me ?
that i dont understan what i need to do now it said a lot of stuff that i have not clue
However they said they didn’t allow moveouts on a Saturday
I spoke to someone on the phone earlier, but forgot which form she said we use & she mail it  back
They dissmissed my case and said it has to be a divorce modification petition
yes the court just said deined and showed that other judges said this is the amount but how do I actually get the money
alright. the one i tried went to a certain point and then said i couldn't finish it
I'm afraid he'll be even worse if I call the parent company and tell them what he said.
is there any action I can take regarding my transfer  no allegations were found to be true.all allegations were said out of malice
I have problems with my housing assistance and she said I have to get see with a lawyer
The attorney locally said the whole t hing
Another operator said he would transfer time to LIFT liftonline.org
she continued that that was not the agreement. I said to her thats my rate
I already did and he refused and said his lawyer said allowing us to leave without penalty is being generous
Yes...most definitely & thank you...I am at a loss as to what to do...they said I must accept their offer within 72 hours?!?
duthcess county family court said they are listed on your website to be either efiled or printed.
i called the first office You provided they said they can’t help me I’d need to hire a private attorney
They have called code enforcement and they all said that they were at fault for having loose dogs
yes i guess the lady said i need to get a lawyer for some reason
thought it said country for a second apologies
and he said that if i dont pay him 400 dollars he will deport me
Later said no problem he had thyroid problem only
No. the paper don't says that . Just at the end of the paper said Notary Signature and Notary Stamp.
and i had called them and they said for my lawyer to send them someing
i know you said you cannot give advice, just saying... they called the cops, played victim, and I went to a psych ward
When called the help desk at the court they said they only see emergency cases.
The one lady said they weren't taking papers but I can ask again
I called mobilization for justice and they said they don't do adult adoptions
I tried calling the family court where the order was made but she said she couldn't mail it to me.
the court said file papers on line
I called the family court system here in Orange County and they said that there has been no directives from the state on this issue.
I think it said one month but I am not sure if it was the date the actual determination was made...
I asked my lawyer for child support and he said no my son is an adult
She said it’s mine idk if it’s mine 9/10 it’s mine
but NYS DOL UI denied my claim and said I cannot collect UI until I returned to USA
The DA said he would drop it down to a violation
form on the free diy Nonpayment program. It said to fill out the User Survey.
would they know if i called and said i made less?
she e-mailed the agency and Tuesday the 16th her supervisor at the agency said
Yes they said I can do it online but I don't see links
i'm not getting into the details like i said
She said. You may beable to assist me download forms I may need to serve
I spoke to the Child Support beaureau on the phone and they said they are not taking new violations
i had a land survey where the surveyor falsified the map and  said “the deeds are wrong”
Also  a couple years ag my sister told my father I said he raped me
Ok I guess that would help. They said they could only help me sue him but nothing else.
I called the courts and they said they need to fill out a petition for temporary custody
Supreme court said it couldn't do anything. family court said same thing etc.
yes i did but they said that they dont go to court just like that
I went to the court house and they said I should do it online
like I said I am well versed in AZ
She had a Facebook and that said she was 17 also I had no clue
Yes i said in court and noone did nothing
The woman at the court house said I would be responsible and to research it
The parenting agreement said we would pay 50% for education expenses
however they said detective will contact me the buisness owner said that
He wouldn't have me get an inspection said he would pay then said no flirted with me and he knew there was no water reader
In November I asked the child support to download it and they said no
they said if I stop working please notify them immediately
I think so but he said file a moap petition
Is this information accurate and if so where can I find it in writing said by Medicaid?
Yes. These are the circumstances. However, Sue had said the petition form was on the nycourts.gov  . But we are not seeing it.
you said call Housing ct hotline or visit their tables at court
yes. exactly. just much better said.
No thanks I think they said 18 is legal. I just want to hear it clearly
when I called the cops they said to file that he never returned after a visit
Yes they actually said to come here.. Would you know any reasoning these places I’ve been in contact with can’t assist
They said that i could appeal and have sixty days
Onondaga county family court house unfortunately said they don’t have a copy of that
because one of his lawyers said he is broke. But it’s not true at all.
Even if they say I said I was moving? I said that because I thought I had to leave
I called and they said simply that the forms can be found online.
My husband is questioning dna text for a child that is said to be his, how do we obtain pass dna result?
Cause I went to court n the person said she was gonna pay me but she never said when
NYPD SAID THEY CANT INVESTIGATE COURT THEFTS
At said hearing, my ex was ordered to continue paying alimony according to the original agreement and we are adjourned until October 1.
He lied and said he locked keys in house
The clerk said go hire a lawyer.
I understand. Just concerned that by the time this is all said and done. he will be 18.
Fight with my mother-in -law, I called 911, but they said it is an argument due to no weapons, no body injuries
I called the family court and the clerk said to send to website, edds@nycourts.gov
My step daughter is hysterically crying and does not want to go back to her dads. She said she will run away.
I was directed here from the ny courts website. They said you have an interactive "nonpayment answer program"
Aww man I called the first one already and they said they don’t handle cases like my dads
I called them earlier and they said they are only dealing with eviction issues
the pension peopel just called me and said it comes from comptroller office
immediate relief For my son to come live with me that is what the cps worker said it was called
they also called the cops on him for noise disturbance at 10:30 am and the cops said it was a false claim
con ed accepted the plan  they said was approved    and said it needs to besigned by a judge
I wanted to fix it but couldn’t access them on the side as it said I would after printing them
No they they said that my dad was arrested and they will call back the person didn’t said anything else
The court clerk is the one who said to go online and use EDDS and that she didn’t have more information
They said there was hold on the account but the lady talked to her supervisor and said money would be released
The numbers you provided said they can't help
I did.  He said there is no divorce lawyer help for me up here. There are resources if I lived in the city.
Yes a diversion ? but she said it should be emergent and I dont see that
and he said that he would come to fix it on monday
Her dad contact me said she no longer my concern
there was a tweet that was later deleted apparently by the state that said it was waived, but that's by no means official
the ground for adultery requires corroborating evidences which they said has not been provided
They said the form does not say we will award you a fellowship
I called the court and it said it was closed but on the website it says open for essential business, what does that mean?
I said we have no money for transportation he said tell him to walk
That's what I said: that I have the right to imagine they're doing this constantly which alone could explain the left-field-negative reviews
He said by what I told him, in effect I don’t exist
at the end of the renovation he said that he would need to sell the space due to hardship
yes I guess. CPS said so but..... we’re nervous about it
Is that true ? Can he do that ? He said the color of the paint is no longer available apparently.
he said they would pay the small amount left and I was to sign a papee stating they had no furthur obligation to me
can I back to my store, because they said will call plo
THEY LOOKED AT MY FMLA AND SAID IT WASNT ANY GOOD
I was in the court and they said i needed to return with filer authorization
The RTF said they reported to justice center but justice center has nothin on file
Local Authority said nothing can be done.
cops were called in all they said the kids had to go since she has custody
I called them but they said they don't take anymore cases
If I mention the cops, it’s like she said or they said. The room is about 4 blocks for where I live
One said they are too busy, I have the rejection letter
Then said she is in eligible because she had a petty larceny in her past
she hasn't said but I wanted to point her to any options
and i did than that man call me and said that they put an demand on me
Yes we are but he said that he will do the divorce me in Dominican Republic I don’t know if he did it
I called family court to withdraws my petitions and the lady said I could do it online I don’t know how
i spoke to bx family court they said call you
I called my court  and they said I would have to file for petitioner one and petitioner two
I tried to change it at the hospital when I had her but they said it was too late
he said that his niece needs the apt in august
He had sex with a girl that said she was 17 and she undressed him and her and sat on him she was only 13
I remember that they said im going to resive a letter but I don’t have it yet
I find one he said 1500 just to start
after all this is said and done do the dad has any rights to his child
I called them already they said they are close even though the message said they are open 9-5
Says I am to be out of the said premises within 30 days
I spoke to a court representative over the phone, they said I have to do it online
you said my uncle can get free help?
they said to go to court I hoped to file online
I spoke with someone in Albany CSCU, I’m just having trouble finding the form, I believe he said it was an affidavit.
and they said I can only pay the full past balance
already been there and they said to call another number in syracuse.  not anything within 90 miles.  they said they do ny city
No it was verbal. All i have is a text when he said he wasn't comfortable with it after he said it was ok.
he ask me she is file for devorce i said i do not know
They said my ex husband putting in a call
They schedule the closing on sept 13th on the same day they said my rate lock expires
i just called , they said they do not handle this kind of issue,
Thank you.  I already spoke to them, and they gave me yiour website.  they said that they dont do this kind of work
Venmo said tongue cannot assist me any further and they floor rid of me by
she said that she’s going to put a lien on me because I lived out my security
And he just said yesterday that he would even only see his son once a month.
he said the copy he had wasnt signed by a judge....is that right?
