ok, I think I'm clearer than I was before.  THank you.
Ok thank you I’m trying to call support but no answer
Ok thank you for your help I will look over everything you sent me
ok thanks sorry i am trying to explain without explaining my situation that i am in haha
ok thank you.  His father is trying to get him so he cant go home.  Can he do that?
Ok thanks i’m going to get in touch with them now
Ok thank you I told him that but he dont want to hear me
No it's ok thank you for your help that help me alot
Ok thank u I’ll try also
oh that's ok ok noted
Ok thank you. I do have a whole other issue in addition to all that
Ok, yes thank you. those came up on my search
Ok that's what I'm finding too.   Splitting hairs over details as usual in a case.   Thanks!
Ok. Thank you for your help. Have a Merry Christmas!!
Ok thank you I see you help with question regarding the case too ?
Ok are these numbers ok to call if outside of nyc? I’m in western ny
OK, thanks .  Do I do this where I was born or where I currently live?
Ok. Thank you. I really need to find direct answers. Thank you for your help.
Ok, I’ll give it a try, thank you
Ok let me try this  one , if anything I’ll be back thank you again
Ok. Thanks for your help. I don’t have any other questions.
Ok thank you for your help have a nice day
That's ok I can call someone thank you though
Ok thanks you helped me get started
Oh ok this is helpful and resourceful. Thank you. So sorry may have to disconnect. Sorry.
Ok Thank You Emma, I’ll wait.
Ok Iam going to take a look
ok, what ever else you can find.  Thank you.
Ok, I can fill in any holes I may have missed. It’s a lot I know.
Ok. Thanks.  I will get clarification about filing with them.
ok, Thank You for your Help. Is it possible to phone the Lawyer?
Ok thanks because I have called all available around Queens but only get voicemails
ok and would forms be there as well to file?
Ok I will give it a try thanks for the help
Ok thank you, so one more... I guess issue or concern
Ok thanks ima call thank you
ok. let me take a second to look at them
Ok.. Which one do I use to directly upload it?
Ok thanks if I need help I can ask here
ok i need help getting to the page to file it
ok. Does this get filled online or do I have to go to the courts
Ok so if no concrete proof i can still allege to it
ok thanks I have to go find that information
ok vou verificar muito obrigada
Ok thanks I think iam ok now have a good morning
its ok. I will call this one organization i found. Thanks again
Ok thank you. I really need help on this situation.
Ok thank you, I just wasn’t sure what my options were for me to legally move in with them
Lol that's ok hun 😅
Ok I can’t even get to them. How’d you do it.
Ok.  I just didn’t know if the custody and support had to go through a separation agreement
ok thank you I will take a look into these.. thanks for your help
Oh ok Sr.Enrique Espero por Usted.
Ok, thank you. Nothing specific to flag in the affidavit.
ok thanks for your time and attention I will have a look at these
ok thank you. Everything will be by mail or email
OK thank you how do I get a copy of this transcript
Ok so just keep doing it until they realize this situation is serious
Ok, thank you. I just wanted to confirm. Thank you again for all your help
Oh God that's going to be a nightmare lol ok thank you for your information
Oh ok thank you I was thrown off by Hudson valley
Ok. That's what I thought thank you for your time.
ok thanks. They’re saying I don’t qualify for FMLA and want to fire me because I v
ok thank you is there any  other services like domestic volience
Ok it should. Do you think the post office would b any help?
Ok. Can the clerk of court explain what it supposed to be
ok. what exactly can a mediation service do for me in the meantime?
ok perfect. oh ok i will reach out to them for more details on the filing process.
Ok. But its ok to print the papers and mail them in when they reopen? And then i will get a court date right?
ok, thanks, which form should I use? DIY form or the pdf. one?
Ok Thank You im in Erie county
...ok. .so the section 8 part was 294
Ok thanks a lot. I’ll call them
Thank you Kayla.. You been so Helpful and be safe as well ok.
ok I will try thanks for your help. cheers
Ok thanks I’ll give it a try
ok  thank you for  you time  have  a nice  day
ok thanks i just delete pdfs they was empty.
OK thank you for your help have a nice weekend
Ok i will give the clerk office a call thank you
ok thank you. I just figures I would give it a shot and ask :)
that's ok, thanks for your time and help
OK I have to write all this down. Once our conversation ends will this message dissapea . Can you email this to me
Ok I’m going to check both, I appreciate it!
ok please get me to them immediately thank you!
Oh ok thank you for your help i just have one more question
Ok ... I’ll try to be as concise as possible
Ok thank you that's somewhat helpful
ok thanks a bunch, I will call them definetley.
Ok. Thanks. I must go now. Trying to get walk in before rain.  Cooped up all day...losing my mind
ok will try emailing them and explaining it thank you
OK thank you for the information but how do I go about setting up the mediation to arrange for temporary visits?
Oh ok will do you were super helpful, thank you for that
ok. but I want to add that my mom is at the same facility
Ok. I will try again later. Thank you for your help
ok you're such a big help Nicole
ok - so use the online forms and the hotline for any questions?
Ok so to even login in it give me Courts
oh ok well then that won't help
Ok Thank you I will try the Saratoga one its closer
OK how do i figure out if there is a warrwnt indeed at this point.
ok thank you and they will be able to help with this specific form?
Ok thanks I’ll read those.  Enjoy your afternoon
It’s ok. Thank you for all your help Jacqueline.
Ok ty very and have a safe and happy holiday
Ok thank you. I haven't able to find the petition ANYWHERE
Ok can i could go in ? & once I file online will it go directly to the court?
ok thanks for you help, so i have to go to court
Ok thanks. Will contact later if I don't get help
Ok thank you for your help. Have a nice day
Ok thank  you so much.  These would be ok for Queens?
ok John thank you. It's funny John was my fathers name
Ok that would help alot thanks
Ok thank you...do I have to pay or is free.
ok I hope that works.  thank you for your help.
OK, I will look around more.  There is nothing about DNA on these pages.
Ok got it thank you imma fill it out now
ok thank you I will try it out. Enjoy the rest of your day
Ok it doesn’t matter if it’s non essential...
ok thank you, i do see these items on your website
Ok thank you I already asked for the transcript
Ok I am a past Skadden Arps Slate Meagher and Flom employee
Ok thank you.  And it has to be notarized as well, right?  Any suggestions
Ok, thank you for your help. If I have more questions in the future, can I continually use this live chat feature?
Ok I'm just go to write my lawyers from help
Oh jeeze haha ok I misread that! Thank you
ok thank you. I can’t afford a lawo
Ok i will keep trying thanks any way
ouch ok thank you.  Is there a housing court in harlem ny
Yes im ok but need help
Ok. Thank you. I think I will need one to review my order of eviction.
Ok yes that information would be helpful - thank you
ok. that's what i figured. thanks for all your help!
ok, thank you.  what finances do i need to have ready
Ok thank you— If I check that out how do I get back to you?
She want me to sign release papers that I’m not ok with
ok sorry to hear I keep hearing that
Oh ok that is good to know, as long as they could still help me
OK, thank you for your time and the resources you have shared!
Oh wow ok very helpful information
Ok even if “he didn’t give me his permission”
Ok thanks can I file visitation ok thanks
Oh ok i didnt know that. Ok and do i put attn family court?
Ok thank you. So the father can see the baby then? There's no court orders
Ok. Thank you. Any suggestions which firm should I call first?
Ok thank you. What if he put the wrong rental amount on the court papers
Ok thanks. So in the mean time there is nothing I can do to have this court order enforced?
Ok great! Yes exactly! I need to retune my organizing skills too so here's a start! Thank you!
Ok thank you one last question how can I get in contact with my case worker
ok I will try them right now hopefully they will help
Ok I’ve read a lot but I also read he can just sign
ok I will give the prison a call thank you
Ok thanks I hope it's an easy steps
Ohhh ok, I’ll give it another try
Ok, how do I check what the court seems as essential (letter E on the pdf)
ok, yeah, i figured everything is online now if it can be done remotely.
Ok got it thanks. Now I know how i accidentally hv been doing that lol.
Ok no worries. I will go ahead and try it.
Ok thank you as I'm at pretrial right now.
Ok sorry thought you forgot about me lol
Ok, thank you. I am taking note of those as contacts as well.
ok and would that also be for finance sport
ok thank you. I have tried many times and no answer
Ok. Can court papers also be faxed instead of mailing?
ok thanks. i wasn't sure if that was printable or not
Ok thanks again Annie, you’ve been a big help
ok,, thanks Charles sorry I wasted your time
Ok no problem it will be a little lengthy because I want to cover all bases is that ok
Ok thank you! I’m sorry I couldn’t find it.
ok thanks no one answers at the court house i just get hung up on after asking for a person. but thanks anyways
ok then I guess I am done.  thank you for your help
Ok thanks i will call the bronx courts and ask questions thank you for your help.!
Ok I’ll try that one and see
ok thank you i will try that right tnow
Ok sorry i wasted your time but thank you
Ok thank you.  Yes agreement to stay the same.
Ok this is not helping thank u anyway
It’s ok I just need to get help
Ok, thank you. and what about asylum non profit organizations?
Ok. Thank you. I wish I found you 4 years ago. Thank you again for all the information.
Ok I will try one of these lawyers thank you
Oh ok, thank you. He is affair she will say different in court in the future. She has done it before.
Ok, thank you! Looking forward to the information
oh ok so maybe its not that i did it wrong but that its malfunctioning now
Oh ok. So I’ll check the courts
Ok thx a Lot I am going take them too court
Ok, got it. I'm truly thankful for your time and support....I will do all the above.
ok im checking it out  now thank u
ok i have to go im gettting kicked off the computer '
Ok so the courts have been suspended until may 1
ok thank you i will do both after i the forms i will call and set appt
I have questions is’t ok to apply online
ok! no one at yr organization can advise me of what documents i need?
ok let me take a quick look
Ok thanks.  Yes I know that but what about indirectly, for example can a witness be related to a beneficiary?
Ok how long will fighting the custody take ?
This is really annoying! It’s ok I’ll try again with someone else
Ok thanks let me copy does likns
Ok i see, thank you for your time and help
Ok. Thank you. My next question is when is can my case filed in district court?
ok i,ll try to write ok?
Ok thank you.  Anything will help because I am going in there alone.
Ok, I will keep that in mind when I call them, thank you.
ok thank you i will try to get some help with what you sent me
Ok. I will check there and let you know if I need further resources.thank you
Ok, I will look into this. Thanks, this is helpful and a start. Thank you for your time.
Ok thank so mucho trullo appreciate it
