Hello gm can I close a case for custody and visitation * before the court date. ?
I understand the building is closed but how would I obtain copies for my legal records ?
We live close each other. 10 blocks away
Hello, how can I receive a confirmation that my ny case has been closed
i had a lawyer the court gave it to me but only for the kids case what we closed on last year December
How can I do that I tried to go to the court Friday but everything is closed
so I really don’t know what to do from here the legal services is close until next year
Yes I am because right now I believe the courts are still closed in nyc
I need some help figuring out how to file for custody of my child now that court is closed in person
How do I apply for child support in nyc with the courts being closed
I am in Hawaii and this occurred in Carmel NY which was a closing in 1991.
the courts were I reside are taking cases. But the court that I filled is still closed .
my office is closed until at least until June 1st.
is it possible to have shared custody, being that we don't live close to each other
i understand walk in is closed - i only need help on how to file it online
How do I file for a junction to get my money back from child support from a closed case
I would like to file a petition for custody of my daughter. How do i go about doing that, since the courts are now closed?
Ok so where do I file these papers with everything closed ?
Hello I’m trying to figure out how to file for custody of my child now that courts are closed to in person assistance.
Hi I would like to know how to file a child support petition with the courts since they are closed
But is Janet there now in this covid period when many offices are closed?
yes. Just did . they said that most likely will not happened as the court is still closed to the public for these type of cases
I been trying to rich family court this past months but it looks like everything is close
I want to know what form to fill out to close a open child support case
I went to court is closed I write a letter to the court they tell me that I have to wait
I called the court house for my county and they told me I could file it online since the courts are technically closed
Yes well had a court day 2 months ago but is close to bring proof and now is close how can i proof to them
I'm looking to file guardianship for someone that i am really close to. How would I go about doing that?
So how would I go down to the courts if all courts are closed due to covid-19
Will I be able to file in family court now or is it closed ?
Hello gm can I close a case for customer visitstion ? Before the court date ?
hi - are courts still closed in NYC? emergency custody/visitation only?
I was informed by the representative that the courts are still closed and no one could assist me at this time.
Someone told me that courts are still closed and that I should wait March-April before attempting anything.
I need a copy of my dna result, how I can get? because the court is closed
Hi Sami -- I added my note. Should I close the case at this point?
how will I know when it’s open for all business since nowhere online is officially saying closed
The patient was giving effected drug. Resulted coma and close death
So how can I put into place an appeal although the court house is closed
My income has stopped because of virus. Office closed
There are no pending cases....judge stated the case can be reopen in May...but the courts have been closed and time is passing by
V-docet from a cps closed cased i have finshed all programs n classes i needed to
It was my ex spouses lawyer who also was the closing attorney
HRA overcharged me close to $70,000.00 in child support and they cannot explain how they came up with their figures!
Are the judges working on family divorce cases? I have called the court and I was told the court was closed
Thank you. And that's for ulster County? We're 845 area close that's why i all
Hi Daniela! How do i file for custody for a child, with courts being closed?
yea we’ll the courts are closed for me to go and get legal help
There closed right now.  Is there anyway online to look up my temporary order through family court
I can not also go to court and ask for a modification because is close
Yes I live in Yonkers, near Bronxville 10708. So Hartsdale or Scarsdale Is close
I would just like to know how do i go about closing a child support case i have against my ex husband?
And the amount that my child father owns me but the court is closed and i don't live in ny anymoree
child support order that was never closed running 25 years
How long is the text available with a rep before its closed out
I am not able to get the order changed whije courts are closed?
she filed a petition for custody but the courts have closed .
The court is close so I will like to have this done online
The courts are closed for emergency cases only were told but ty
Thank u but aren't the court closed?
Ok np I have reason from case DV still or closing
I need to send it to the child support unit and courts are closed now
I just got a notice of garnishment but courts are closed because of covid
But because they closed march 17 because of the low enforcement because of covid19
How can I get my court case looked at if court are closed?
PB81430Q1 that is my case number. I understand the courts are closed, but what do I do?
Would a name be listed ? I thought it was a closed file in Ny
I would like help closing a case
Hello. I'm no longer working and I'm still getting charged child support. But the courts is closed?
Thank you please I don’t find nothing to help me . Start the petition , everything is closed
How can I file a custody petition with the courts being closed due to covid19
She would like him to adopt her but the courts are closed
i lile to know if i can apply online because the court is closed.
i dont know how else to go about this being that courts are closed
if u close out of the cha will i lose all of these linnks
Exactly... So since everything is closed i don't know how to find out what's going on
can i cancel my child support order right now with the court closed
trying to close on a house it got delayed
I know courts are closed. do I upload onlne?\
going rates in our area for a comparable unit would be close to $2K as our price includes all expenses
The courts are close cause of covid what can he do when they still take money out his check
She has not had an active role as a parent in close to a year
things were on pause the courts are closed but lawsuits were allowed to be filed?
if my child is grown and finished college do i have to go back to court to to close the case out
they said my child support case has been closed
Thank you! I just don't want to make the trip over there only to find out they're not allowing visitors, or are closed
I have tried calling the child support helpline and it says everyday this week that the office is closed
He knows court closed so he’s thinks I can’t do anything
my question is since the court is close currently how can i process to cancellation
Ok.  Thank you.  So no modifications have been made with the courts being closed?
i need the form to close the child support case please
i want to close the child support services for my daugther
I know that the courts are closed, is there a way i can get in contact with someone regarding custody?
Thank you but what I need is a petition to apply for child support online since the court are closed in person
Need to FILE FOR A MODIFICATION TO CLOSE A CASE
I would like to know how to file for child support online since courts are close at this moments
i have child support case coming up... seems the courts are closed...
courts are closed but i heard you can file on line
and where can I turn for immediate/emergency/temporary injunctive relief while they are closed
And everything being close still it's going to take me sum time to clean her house out I wanted to know her rights
I just tried the hotline says they are closed but its within the hours listed
But family court is closed n I am needing help doing it online
Hello, I am having difficulties and with court being closed I don't know what to do.
I want to close child support case
how ill that work if the corts are closed . Any idea?
My case is closed since April 13 and they are still charging me
I have a visitation case and since the court is closed I don’t know what to do
how do we go about closing his bank account and tranferring what he has to her
since covid has closed the courts to non-essential matters, we were told to email the petition, is that the most up to date information
(btw there's a closing canned response)
Hi, how do I close my child support case
I have that form but they said i can apply online bc the court house is closed
I already filed papers 3 weeks ago.  In case you didn't know,  the courts are closed for walk ins
Well yes. His land in pa. It’s going to close on feb 18th
I saw this too, but our business isn't "closed"  it's continuing downsized and remotely
But I'm still paying and the case was closed
i have the custody and the father can’t work now because of the Coronavirus and we decide close the case for now
since the courts are closed no public access is allowed, how can i file it then
I will like to know what do. I work as a barber but the business was close do to the governor rule
The famaly  court  on  Nassau  county  its close?
most offices are closed by covid, do you know if any of these are open?
I am so glad to have you help me.  Everything is harder now when it's closed everywhere
I'm just going to try to save them now so don't close it out.
With COVID-19 I know courts are closed and need to know what do I or where to go to file the paper work?
We went to collect it multiple times and were informed that it was fixed.  It never was and the case was closed
i was on public assistance and my case is closed   How do you close child support case
Sorry Alexandria my browser closed lol
I would like to know how can I apply for child support? being that courts are closed
That's ok close enough haha
My mother died and I  need to close her section 8 case.  What do I need to do?
Yes. Am i able to go to family court to file? Or are they closed?
i need to find the form to close a child support case
yes, no one pick up phone. they closed already.
Yes I have they said its possible online, as they are closed but I'm having trouble finding out how and where.
Yeah I get messages they are closed I will try again. Thank you
they should be open then. It listed hours, didn’t say a break for lunch, just that currently closed
Hi I’m trying to close my case
Many   employees with my title just left .I am staying because I am close to my retirement
I'm the parent receiving and want to close the case
I went in person and most department,s were closed due to covid and my case will close jan
But after the virus I had called a week before and they told me they were going to close down the courts
Im looking to close out my child support case
Is there a way to file for custody online since the court houses are closed
i need help to close my father bank account
Thank you!!!  Can we file the petition on line being that the courts are closed now
Ok but aren't courts closed right now?
Yea I did fill that form out online. I was just wondering on what I should do now. Since the courts are closed.
how can I file and what do I need to file to close a case in NYC.  I live in Virginia
yes, but I am afraid right now no one is working, and the courts are closed
Family court is close! What to do! In week or so i could honwleea
Who do I contact if t hff ey dont close?
Hi, How do I file  support petition while Brooklyn family court is closed
i would like  close a child support case please where do i get the form?
Ok, that doesn't help. Court is Wendsday and now they are closed but thank you
since courts are closed will it take a long time for this to be done
My kids father have a case and I’m trying to close it
ok im not sure if the courts are still close
i just need info about filing a petition before i sign some papers,but the family courts are close in the bx
They told me that the court is closed n I have to file modification by online or post
ohh they are a legal tean that does uneployment cases free> I am very close to Brentwood I will look them up
I know all the courts are closed so I thought I could find them online
I didn’t have an attorney at closing and didn’t realize what I have gotten myself into.
I know that the courts are closed and I am not sure how to do it online
quick question, courts are closed. will they see me?
What do I need to do to file the petition if the courts are closed I have a notarized letter from my son via email
And I have tried to call their office. It seems like they close by 2 pm
i dont know if i can do it online the petition to close the child support case
Sure, I tried calling out local Poughkeepsie NY Surrogate's court and they just told me that courts are closed.
government closed businesses non essential
Will they be open?  Everyone I’ve called has been closed
He says the courts are closed and thats why I haven't heard back.
