If my children have been taken out of state without my consent is that urgent?
The office called today and said they will not operate unless an antibody test is taken
Mom's other kids were taken away by state
i just need to know where did the money if it was taken out his check ?
I am being taken to court,by a man I lived with for 15 yrs,Martin Mascia
I will check with the court again tomorrow thank you for your help I'm hoping we can get this taken care of
hello im trying to get custody of my baby the father has taken her from me with out consent and he wont give her back
my child father has taken my son and i need to get him back
Money is been taken from my check I work part time and they’re taking my entire check
the court hearing had already taken place and she has gotten an official OP after that.
How can I get a probono lawyer because I have been taken to cleaners for the last 5 yrs?
Me too it's been vary emotional for me and my family am dealing with so much more then this but this is taken a toll
my son is 6 month older and he has been taken over seas since december 2nd
My stimulus check has been taken due to me owing child support as well
If a child is at 21 how can I stop the payments from getting taken out of my check
i read that evictions filed after march are supposed to be no action taken but i am not clear as to what that means
We taken 4 boys 1991, 1993 ,1997,200
I have a question if property was Taken away by misinformation by my ex husband what can I do
have proven it in a case that was taken off calendar then represented
right. if there are numerous petitions filed for violations of different kinds, what other measure can be taken?
I see. So. This issue must be taken to an attorney then. I cannot do it without a lawyer, yes
I am being sued by my spouse to have child support taken away for my oldest daughter, who is 18.
I can pay in increments weekly taken out of my bank. But no money until November 13
I get $860 a month and child support is taken out over 300 and leaving me what's
I was revving money but it was taken by them since Jan
My dad is being isolated from his family and is being taken advantage of financially
Child support it taken everything and I’m on welfare
ok, yea, that was taken care of several months ago. I need to start getting child support sent to me ASAP
Poor prison conditions related to COVID-19 i.e. appropriate safety measures not being taken
He asked me for a letter to be notarized to change to modify the amount taken
bank ? No it was taken out of a work check from my old job
No. Just the estate. He was about to finalize the divorce before he was taken from us
also I do not want to get taken to court
how do I get his rights taken away so she can adopt ?
We just don’t want to be in trouble no income for support to be taken out
she has never taken care of baby untill I was arrested
Hi I'm looking for legal rights to be taken
so a telephone call court session was taken
Hi good evening, how can I get a copy of a visitation dismissal order that had taken place in 2017?
From my knowledge this was taken care of already in June though.
It's a default order I can't afford taken straight from ssdi
There were several steps I had taken to rectify the issue but no one seemed to want to address it
according to her the courts are backed up and not really taken these lower crime cases
None of us have taken legal action yet
i am landlord in an eviction and it has taken 6 months to get warrant. (yesterday).
Txs. When I'm taken to lawhelpinteractive site I'm asked for an index number...
I would not need an order of protection if the kids are taken out of the unsafe situation. Possibly in the future though.
say something and it can be taken wrong way but thats NOT ABUSE
I am looking for what to do when a pending felony has had no action taken on it in over 10 years
My ex husband currently has taken my child I haven’t seen her in weeks neither one of us has custody
Senior who was taken advantage by a landscaping company.
would like to know the steps that need to be taken
and my rights weren’t taken so I have a right to see my son
He was taken to California for deportation but he missed his flight
Not necessarily, what steps can be taken for my daughter to live on her own
I will need a lawyer because she has taken out a temporary restraining order and we have to go to court on oct. 30
of my child and physical custody will be taken care by my husband
I am looking for a prisoner who was taken to Buffalo NY and by name I cannot find him, can you help me?
Was brought to court when child was 10 yrs old....only knowledge of existence no DNA payments taken monthly
i understand but i have custody and the child support is still being taken out of my check and sent to the dad in california
going through an identity theft and then a partner has taken over my whole identity and has been this past year
The individuals who used it against me did so to discredit my allegations.  Because of this, it is difficult for me to be taken seriously.
I just need to know the steps that need to be taken to file for child support since office are closed
it has taken 15 min to get to that question please don't leave me without it
I don't want to get into trouble, but I also wouldn't want this person to be taken by the police and returned home
I never want anything taken out on Gav
do you think i can ignore him then, since he hasn't taken "concrete action"?
of course, sorry, taken a lot to ask for help
maybe, a better question is when somone is "sued" is taken legal action against is there a typical process which happens? is he served papers?
