Yes I was chatting Molly and she gave me some information
I’m sorry Nataliya. My chat refreshed.
They also gave me your hotline number but I was on hold for almost an hr so I did the chat
Ok, plus I did send it the copy of chat
sorry - never know when these live chats log out if no movement inside them
The link that you shared above with me redirect me back into this chat
Hi i recently chatted but lost my links .
Thank you....will this conversation be tabled for any future chat backs I may have??
Sorry, one more thing.. Is there a way to email to myself a transcript of our chat?
I just finished my chat w/ Sangbo + the referrals don’t work perhaps you can help me?
Also am I able to save this chat so that I have the information?
Hi I  was just chatting with you I think...about guardianship?? The page closed before I could save it..
Hi Molly I was in a chat with another representative although I accidentally ended it some how.
(please leave your status as "away" since you aren't taking live chats for now!)
It would be easier it she could have a video Chat or phone call
Hi. So sorry I lost the chat and the links
Sorry I wAs hoping Daniel would be the chat person again somehow I was disconnected from the chat
Hi Philip, Its Aimee. Doing practice chats
I'll close the chat if you don't have any more ideas or suggestions
It won’t stay open. Keeps bouncing back to the chat
It opens up but directs me back to our chat window
Our chat disconnected. I’m a small business owner dealing with a landlord issue
Thankyou. Is there any possibility you can direct me to a resource with a live chat.
is there a way to save these links after chat end?
Wait. Is there a way to save this chat? I'm trying to copy paste it but it does not work
(You did a great job! Normally, you would send the closing canned response at the end of the chat)
Thank you, but before I go the link to the referral just reopens this chat
can u possibly send me a transcript of this chat?
Appreciate it, how will i receive them? via chat or email
I decided to try the chat function before I looked.
Thanks for the help. I’ll close this chat and try the links again
Also rita they told me rita that they would send yesterdays chat to me e mail and I never received it .
I have all the emails and chats transcription with them, the lower can see all of them
i start msg him and call him i have all chats also
Is this a lawyer chat or do you pass it on for a lwyer to contact me?
Buy I see on their website that have chat so I'm good thanx
(Before you end the chat, please ask "Is there is anything else I can help you with today". If no, then send closing canned response)
Hey oliver!!! We chatted yesterday. My name is Kevin. Can you please resend the link for answering a motion.
The chat screen had disappeared. I thought we were disconnected.
Hi..plz bare with chat speed on phone
I got a message saying that I won't get an email until after the chat ends
I can't get the nylag link to work. It redirects me to this chat
i hope this is a live person im chatting with
So I will receive transcript after I close the window and end chat?
I will call them. If I need any other assistance in the near future, I will create another chat.  Thank you.
(Nanni, please don't accept any other chats besides our practice chat)
Hi Jamie, Thanks for chatting. Sorry about the lengthy response. This is a copy and paste from an email I sent to LawHelpNY yesterday:
Hi Katie,  This is Aimee.  I'm doing practice chats.  Will you please transfer this to me?
So you don't have a link to our information on what data this chat tool collects and how it uses?
Hi again, I just got off a chat session with another representative
(chris - please read through those, and pick which are relevant for this chat)
Hi Fadi, this is Aimee.  I'm doing practice chats.  Could you please transfer this to me?
hi there i was looking to chat with someone regarding an unpaid court ordered child support
Hi Jaime it’s Aimee. Doing practice chats.
I was chatting with Olivia we lost connection she knows about my case
I actually chatted with you earlier and you didn't get to help me and the chat was cut off
Anyway to pull back up my last chat I wrote so much
Hi Nicole. I was just chatting with another agent and they had sent me several links when I lost the chat
Hello Aline. We were just chatting and you transferred me over to a LIFT operator
If they have more questions do you know if this chat works in different languages?
ok  so this same chat website ask for a LIFT operator?
When I exit this chat, please save it as N/A
(since you aren't taking live chats now)
Max I was just in the process of a long chat with an operator named Esther. Is she available? Our connection got lost
Let me copy links, I guess i need to close chat first
Sorry - ignore my chat. I made a mistake
Yes.  Perfect - Thank you!  I will download this chat and send it to my Nephew.
Is there a chat line that i can connect to. Since i can get.to.speak.with any one for the 1-866-208 4485 number?
No...but if you disconnect will I still be able to see our chat so I can write down a link?
could you please send this to me? I’m doing practice chats.
i was chatting movement before ..internet connection got lost
Hi Lillian, we were chatting and the chat closed while I was waiting for the information
I deleted the chat because I was supposed to get an email but I haven't received it yet
Yes. Joseph, I lost our chat again. Can you help me get back to it please?
HI Min, this is Aimee, I'm doing practice chats
Hi Latoya!  I'm doing practice chats.  Will you please transfer  this to me?
I am going to leave the chat, please save it as N/A
Can you send me this chat transcription to me email please?
The website you just gave me is the one I am on right now.. cannot find anything..this chat came up
(Please save the chats under the N/A tabs for the exit survey.)
Hi I.was chatting on line.with Megan
Yes, I would like to chat with some one
Okay nothing in any folder. Let’s end the chat and see. Thank you
(You did a great job! Do you have any questions for me before I close the chat?)
Last link is somehow taking me back to our chat
Hi it’s Aimee. Doing practice chats
would it be possible to send a transcript of this chat to my email please?
I was in a chat a moment ago the connection fell
I think I am good for now. When does the chat service close?
I'll close this chat now.  I hope your day is pleasant.
Doing practice chats, could you please transfer this to me?
Hi it’s Aimee, doing practice chats
Hi Maya, can you please transfer this chat to me? Thanks!
once i close this chat box the transcript will be sent to me?
And how can I keep this chat so that I.don't loose this link?
Yes, my daughter with the paranoid husband. Was that u I was chatting with?
You did amazing! I am finishing the other chats and will convene in about 5 minutes.
hi Minah, this is Aimee.  I'm doing practice chats.  Could you please transfer this to me?
I am going to exit the chat, please save it as N/A
Hi Franklin! This is Wantee. Please transfer this chat to me. I am testing out Comm100.
Can I email chat to myself or do I need to copy and paste the links
Ok because I know when the chats end so does the. Information
Im a liar its 10am to 1 pm mon thru fri chat options
ok, I am going to check.  Please keep chat open
you can select the leave chat box when you transfer
please transfer me to someone who knows more. we have been chatting over 30 minutes and have gotten nowhere
Your links are taking me right back to our chat screen
That's unfortunate. I came to this chat from the link you just provided. It is not specific about which form to use.
I was on a chat with Franklin, but I disconnected. Can i reconnect with Franklin?
im going to email this chat to myself and start looking at the links. Ty!stay safe as well
If for any reason the chat closes again, is there a chance that I can get the information by email?
Ok let me cut and paste. Hopefully it won’t disconnect the chat...
Can you email me this chat so I won't lose it but their information in the websites
I would like to continue with this chat and be directed to legal services. Thank you.
Hi Jane, its Aimee.  Doing practice chats.  Could you please transfer to me?
Hi Armin, this is Aimee. I’m doing a practice chat.
I was just chatting with someone lost connection I was served with foreclosure not3
(there is a closing canned response - always remember to send at the end of a chat)
(please save the chats under the n/a tabs for the exit survey.)
Thank you. Yes please continue to send me all relevant links in this chat.
I just had a chat with another rep and lift didn't work can I have other links please
Ok thank you. And please do not close the chat until I get connected with those links.
I there some live chat option with lawyers online? There was when I visited a few days ago?
Hi Amy.  I just wanted to know during what times/days can someone chat live with someone on here.
Hi michael, i was chatting with a girl yesterday and she said to speek to a lift department
i got a pop up and it just said "Inviting Ryan to chat"
when i logged in here, i gave my location. that hasn't changed.  can i please chat with someone else?
Is there a way to save a transcript of this chat, or get it emailed to me?
I lost connection was chatting w erik
Is there anywhere I can chat online with a legal advisor
I read understand I was just chatting with someone and lost them
8am to 1pm is their chat option monday thru friday
We’ve lost a connection from our last chat
That’s great- I see their chat is available starting tomorrow. Is there anywhere else that might have a chat today?
I'm doing practice chats, could you please transfer this to me?
I'm doing practice chats.  Would you mind transferring this to me?
can I chat or explain my situation via mail too?
i'm confused, these are all lawhelpnyk contacts. how is that different from this chat line? aren't you working for lawhelp as well?
Please save the chat as N/A categories under the exit survey.
I already went thru the link you gave me and there is no choice for capital improvements, that's why I went on this chat
Ok. Thx. Apologize for my delay in presenting case. New to method of chatting.
(you ended the chat without sending referrals)
Hi, it’s Aimee. Doing practice chats
When I try to go-to the link the chat pops back up
could you please transfer to me? doing practice chats.
Tues 9-12 is going to be my slot and I wondered how busy it was, how many chats usuallly occur
i couldn't find it when i first logged into this chat
Hi, this is Aimee, I'm doing practice chats
Will do.  Maybe we'll chat again.  Enjoy your day!
That provides services via phone or video chat.
Hi Latoya, its Aimee.  Doing Practice chats, could you please transfer this to me?
I was previously on a live chat with a LIFT operator
im sorry i just chatted with u. i exited out the chat without writing down the info
Hey Jiayi! Thank you for coming on chat so quickly!
Chatting on behalf of our daughter who needs help/free legal help with a divorce
the chat isnt working currently...ive tried
Rita I was chatting with jade but I list connection
I think we need to do another practice chat before you start, OK?
Doing practice chats. could you please transfer this to me?
So just come back and ask to speak with lift at the beginning of the chat ?
i should ask, do i need to write down everything you tell me, or will i be able to get a transcript of this chat?
Amy—— I lost my previous chat with Joseph
Hi i have a video chat scheduled at 3 and need to know how to get to it
Maybe it will work after I leave the chat. Al of the links bring me back to the chat window
Hi Don, this is Aimee. I'm doing practice chats.  Would you please transfer this to me?
Have you read the chat?  or do I need to cut and paste it here?
Yes an online chat specifically would be helpful
I’m not sure if I can get a transcript from the earlier chat
you picked up a real chat - I'm going to walk you through it
It takes me right back to this chat session.
Hi Matt! I just wanted to test if the chat function was still being manned over there
The chat was disconnected, would you be able to send me attorney referrals for divorce
I was waiting on Gina, I was chatting with her and she was looking up information for me
wow-- that's really a good system.  how many chats do you get in a typical shift?
No I wasn't expecting to get the in Live chat the impossible..
I tried to chat and call them several times they’ve blocked me and took my money
Hi Nicole, I was chatting with someone and my wifi went down.
oliver i just was with you in the chat.  i lost information regarding the commercial lawyer you gave to me
and if it's easiest, I'm happy to chat via phone
Yes I clicked on them in this chat and it keeps sending me to this chat
I just spoke to one of your colleagues....he tried to transfer me but the chat had some issue
no i was advised that i can go on this webaite and chat with attorney
Yes I think I did try it before the chat but didn’t know which one to do
I was chatting with another person but the chat was interrupted
I was chatting  with someone n lost connection.
Okay the link you provided is sending back to the chat?
when I went to look at the website it kicked me off our chat
Hi Mary, this is Aimee.  I'm doing practice chats.  Would you please transfer this to me?
Why when I'm open it , it throws me back to this chat?
I am so sorry. I was just on and you had connected  me to a LIFT person and somehow the chat disappeared.
Olivia did you end out last chat? I received a notification you ended it?
Hi Franklin, Thank you for taking my request to chat.
