What will happen when the judge sees that my ex did not follow the court order
If i show her that she is still under legal obligation to follow the existing visitation agreement she might be more agreeable
This site is for people who meet any of the following criteria:
First enforcement if and if she still don't follow then full custody
I have called several lawyers but none of them would take the case. I will follow up on your suggestions. Are there any more options
they are following us with a thermal camera that has a laser
is there anyway I can file a petition because the father of my child is not following our family court agreement
But while im there I want to ask for all the financials to be reworked. Because he doesn't follow the agreement
If not can you please provide me with the following steps to submit my forms.
Hello i want to know what is the follow after they give you a child support account number?
Yes i will definitely follow up if nothing but I’m pretty sure they did this before
okay I’ll follow the link thank you !
And after 8 months of back and forth and following all the requests of the judge..
Specifically not following executive order 205 regarding travel and quarantine status because of Covid-19
Nope u been great I’ll follow up in the morning with both links u sent me
** please note, that these hours and extension may be incorrect.  For a lawyer, the following may be able to help:
what kind of the format that we should follow for the written agreement for the custody?
The petitioner states the following portion, because we are still legally married, but have been separated for almost 4 years
Due process was not followed or given. And Yes, I feel I was wrongfully terminated without the proper steps being followed.
Do I have to go into the court I had previously filed but did not follow up
I am followed wherever I go and I was almost run over a month ago
Seamens society isnt following judges order since last court date n a second motion for a new lawyer
Petition for someone not following custody court order
This is a visitation violation my daughters father isn’t following the court order
that you send me the link I will follow that thanks stay bless
The court judges followed the big fraud agent, lawyers forced and put me to on the street
Or if the landlord will be filing papers that will follow me in furute renting
ok thank you for your help i will follow link and call
Okay. Thank you. I appreciate being pointed in the right direction. We will follow up with these organziations.
What are some options I have if my ex wife isn't following the terms of our visitation schedule
With Cuomo canceling spring break - how do we follow the custody agreement when school IS closed Friday for the holiday ?
I will follow your guidance, you make a difference thank you
I gave temporary custody to my daughters grandparents and they are not following court orders I need help
Thank you for your help. I will follow the link for the diy forms.
After teh part " why an order should NOT be made as follow"
I AM BEING FOLLOWED AROUND BY LAW ENFORCEMENT AND THEY ARE SABOTAGING MY CAR. THIS IS ALSO IN THE NEWS HOW CAN I STOP THAT?
i c ant even go to hallway they follow me to elevator
He hasn’t been following the final court order
Hello- I'm looking for the following- NY Family Court forms.  Petition for Modification of support
What happens if a court order is not being followed by the non-custodial parent
I already have a visitation order in place and to is not being followed what are my options
Okay -- no problem. There is a bit of follow up needed, as you'll see in the note.
but never followed through! just wanted proof that he was my father
I don’t want to disregard court order, but Because of all circumstances I can’t follow it!
Ok thank i will follow with up this information you have provided
she only said go to nycourt.gov and follow modofication petition
Hello what is the best solution if my sons father has Temporary visitation but doesn’t follow any any the rules towards the agreement.
I was wondering if there is anything I can do about visitation orders not being followed during the covid scare
How do I file petition for a court order not being followed?
No matter what happens with this case, he will not follow anything.
The parent which has full custody does not want to follow our visitation agreement
No he has not he left to Florida without letting the court know that he is no longer going to follow through with visitations
The court order talks about our weekends with our daughter and drop off times and they are not being followed
Yes, after I followed the first link, it has options for forms to fill out and I'm not sure which one to choose
I am from Massachusetts and a visitation was put in place it is not being followed my children live in NY
Where can i get help if a family court order isn't being followed and courts are closed?
Thank you for all your help I will try is there a way I can follow up with you Lauren?
I am unsure how to go about the following. I am going to try to condense it as much as possible.
I have a joint custody order within family court and the other party is not following the order.
He was fine and should have never contacted covid if Riker's where following protocol for covid-19
He did not follow the court order to pay all the back support
Please, take your time to read the following:
thanks for your help I will follow up, these list and procedure,
Her current teacher took away the notepad and no one from administration has contacted me to follow up with this new incident.
because blacks are following me everyday NYPD is not doing nothing
Can I ask a follow up question before opening the link you just sent
Ok thanks for the information I will follow up in the morning
How to file for someone not following  court order
we are just doing a followup on intake protocols following covid-19
Yes ... what happens if the non custodial parent is not picking up the child at all..basically not following the  court order
That Is true I think I will follow up with legal assistance line next Monday
ITRY TO GET HELP HELP DIDNT FOLLOW THEIR CONTRACT ABOUT NO VIOLENT TOLERANCE I VE DEALING WITH DEPRESSION WHICH IVE DOCUMENTED IN THE CONTRACT
I want my money and I want out of the contract because clearly he isn't following  it
He has not been following the schedule granted by court over a year, he doesn't see them and rarely calls
Im to get my son every other weekend and she is not following the order
Okay thank you . I will wait for the following info
Can you help with that ? Because he also has a 504 plan that the school is not following
becuase he does not follow rules and goes into rages where he destorys itsms in the house
To be able to apply, I need to bring ALL of the following?:
Let me also add that he took me to court in 2016 for visitations and never not once follow through with it
Now, this week my daughter came home telling me that some students wrote on her notebook pad the following "stupid, fucking, bitch"
So basically the DA office took my phone for some accusation and its almost a month how do i follow up ?
I would like a copy of this chat. I will follow the instructions to click on the ellipsis.
I have a general Question about non custodial parent not following court order
Okay I will follow the link and see what I can find out.
I need to file on my x for him not following  the order
It seems to me that I only complete "why an order should not be made as follows:" AND "why such relief should be granted:
We've been to court like 7 times they just tell him to follow it. He doesn't. They do nothing.
There is page with “paternity petition form” , should i have to click on it ? And follow instructions ?
Yep, going through old papers is what reminded me I never followed through with my first attempt.
very briefly but never follow up since I cannot afford the fees
need to file for a court order not being  followed
Hi . Is it possible to give me a number to s lawyer that would have information about court order regarding visitation/custody not being followed
I went to the NYSBA website, following the link that you provided.
my ex is not following our custody agreement. He has not allowed me to see my kids for my court appointed visitation.
