She 8 months pregnant high risk and baby can be here anyday and he stress ing her out
The magistrate gave me a child support of $872 per month when I have 50/50 custody of my daughter
Yes I own Three months 3000 I have till the end of the month
My son is living with me since two months ago
and im entitled to a monthly check untill 65 of age
He meets the criteria for emancipation as he permanently left 8 months ago
AFTER they had already billed me and been paid for those months. Can they back-date the charges like that?
He applied for the compassion release and was denied months ago
Absolutely..thank you so much...2100.00 per month is wayyyy too much to be harrassed all the time
I already pay towards my 125k loans monthly
Yes the leae wasn't renewed I was living month to month
in fact he has had 2 visits in fourteen months
What form do I need to file a modification to lower my monthly payments
after the three months have expired which would be january
we accumulated a ton of utility bill, they turned off the electric, took us months to pay those back bills etc
I have no filed it  yet he was deported two months ago
Allen wet conditions and seven months ago funeraL service are counted in
11 and a half months later weve paid him 5500 so far living here
now a month later i got a call from hr stating that they are offering me a position full part or per diem.
My brother died six months ago he was a checking account I need information how got the money
Yes the court order was 155 a week or 620 at month but he only send me 342 a month
for 2.5 months- for the time of severance package
We usually pay upfront in the beginning of the month 1,200
Again the mother off my child brought me my daughter like 2 months ago for the summer
i can’t see my son for another 6 months ?
i got bank levy from debt collection agency a fews months ago
I have been rewarded spousal maintenance and my ex has constantly been late and now is two months behind in payments
I have pending U Visa which will be approved in about 2 months
yes according to my doctors I have from 3 months to a year
And about 5 months ago he already got a modification
I just need about 2 to 3 more months and it will be paid
I paid for a year marketing mentorship with a company which closed about 2 months after I joined & is now filing for bankruptcy
wait! even if the parent is incarcerated they can have to pay at least $25 a month?
I am on probation 6 months with a suspended license but I was found driving with a suspended license
I will move out by the end of this month I paid this month already
not only those two months I have thousands of dollars of Commissions I’ve sold October and September that I won’t collect
He just pay $100 monthly. The lawyer said decrease to $25.
I did filed a complain months ago and nothing happen nobody answered my complaing
I am on probation For 3 years and 6 months suspended license I was just found driving with a suspended license
Court ordered garnishment of wages for a duration of divorce term. The time is due to expire in less then 1 months
I found a paternity motion about two months ago and I still haven't heard anything about
I am divorced 3 months ago and need to know how apply for a child support
Yes monroe... I'm  a month to month
New owners bought this house 4 months ago and now there trying to make me move out in 90 days what should I do
Actually i emailed a month ago, but she didn’t answer
And when I speak to my landlord, would she be able to reject my offer for a temp month to month lease?
Can a company hold a paycheck a month after quiting, and say they won't give the pay check until lost keys are returned?
I do not qualify for an undcontested divorce because the marriage is less than 6 months
rather social security survivors and pension do month to month.
If I wait until the court hears my case, I will owe a lot. He pays $800/ month for her.
I am month to month as I never resigned my lease, was not asked to
They have me capped at 100 a month plus interest
I am 66 and l live off 900 a month
Which I haven’t received a bill for 2 months. So I didn’t know.
Sorry...$400 less in child support this month
I am officially divorce and the father is paying me $25 a month
I am earning very little money at work I have not paid for 5 months, my license was suspended
I had took a fall on their stairs yesterday in the facility I am on and I’m also four months pregnant
We have had her in our care for 18 months on July 4th
I submitted a violation months ago, but have not heard back, only that they were not taking them at that time
I have submitted a notarized email  to Nyfcapplications@nycourts.gov months ago and go no response
Thank you, but there is no lease, currently month to month
She has lived all her life in NY... and she has been missing less than a month. The 8th will be a month actually.
I am looking for representation from a lawyer for up an coming trial next month
Also, an amount was paid to this account several months ago. I never paid any amount to this account
i have our eldest for 8 months who left her house first
The child turns one month old on December 29
I received a notice today from landlord to end my month to month tenancy
I worked two months in the base period in NY
so there is no way we could have known he has cancer 6 months ago
ok i hve e did ask him he sAID THAT HE DID GET ANYTHING from yet and this was a month ago
My son and I lived in NYC. We recently moved to Connecticut under a month ago with his fathers blessing - urgency actually.
They want to reduce my snap benefits from $194.00 a month to $35.00 a month and cut my medical
is change in month to month considered eviction?
i was in nepal for 4 months that time she did everything on my absance
can I say March 1st this is my last month and not pay seeing I already paid in the beginning?
I don't even get a 1000 a month
i have custody he has not tried to see child for over seven months
thats outdated information from many months ago
he said by the end of the month., so i still have some time
Hi, I haven't received my divorce papers but my x-husband has, ots been over 7 months now
I filed a petition for paternity like a month or two ago online and still haven’t heard back what should I don
the laywer filed in wrong town put me back 2 months
my daughter has been with me for 2 months and I’m not working at the moment
i owe 56,000 and pay 1350 a month
been back and forth with gm Corp. and dapala chevy for months with no resolution
she took a deposit and the last month and the first month when i moved n
yes I did naussu county and when I got both letters each month I paid them so far $400
My bank refuse to pay fraudulence charges on my card.....its been more than 4 months
a few months vs over a year is a big difference in time frame
No reimbursement for months of May, June, July.  Was supposed to have $800 annually for cell bill which didn’t materialize.
I’ve been in a Catch-22 situation for almost 2 months
we gave them a month to month lease as we were planning on renovating and they would eventually need to leave.
His father walked out 3 months ago after that incident and has not been back
She gave me until the 16th of this month. But had it delivered on the 21st, by mail on the 25th.
They have withheld health insurance from my eldest son for about 4 months
4 hours a month. she visits 4 hours a month and that's it.
i can pay going forward, but i need help with a few months i missed
On Monday it makes a month that didn’t pay me for the hours I worked
She is already 4 months behind.. she was already 2 months behind befofe the pandemic
Is it true that when our current lease with expires and we still occupy, it becomes a month to month with the same terms?
I also requested fair hearing months ago and havnt heard from them either
I filed a divorce papers 2 months ago and I want to cancel the process
Alright that's what I thought. It's been months and months.
I told her if you’re comfortable with taking on that responsibility of paying that much monthly
I probated a will 2 month ago and i received a "worksheet letter from the court.
I'm 8 months pregnant, I can't be here like this!
A few months ago I can't go in to my appartment because key stacked in lock
my landlord hasn't fixed a leaky sink in months and now it smells like mold in my apt
No I didn’t know I suppose do that I find out like 4 months ago
He is engaged and has a 6 month old and his finance is 4 months pregnant
My son just went back to work after 5 months lay-off and his child support was increased from 300.00 to 400.00 how can he appleal?
we have a daughter our first amongst the other four boys. She is 9 months
they are going to be able to charge for the rest of the months?
she moved out with the keys and left stuff in the apartment a month ago while changing her address
I've been to the 1st link but it does not address the month to month once lease expires.
and i have not have montly benfit for 2 months despite my verification letter stating otherwise
Thank you. I have few questions of an unemployment determination which I received this month .
The child is 7 months, and was born in brooklyn (kings), but the mother took her to troy ny about 7 weeks ago
I was discharged from a treatment facility after 10 months back to being homeless on Tuesday
I’m almost 6 months preg
i file an incontested divorce case one month
Well how am i supposed to pay if i got laid off. And trump just said it is being shut down for another month.
Hi Emma I filed unemployment and got through about two months ago. Is it normal to not hear back from my employer
My ex husband stopped paying for alimony for 8 months now
He never gave me any paper he just told me it was month to month but I have other agreement papers that he gave me
she gets paid partial cash and part check. also recieving monthly bonuses.
So This eviction I was served with about a month and a half ago is not valid and I can not be made to leave ?
I want to know if a temporary three month restraining order stays on your record or does it get removed
Ok well he has been staying with dad for the past 6 months but for the past 7.5 years i have raised him
4 months, it has been 11 years and over 2 months
He finish in 4 month the year incarcerated. His almost done.
he was behind 7 month and he was order to pay about maybe 2 months on retroactive
they only lived there for a little over a month still applies??
He moved out 8 months ago and is an active drug dealer refusing to get help.
I applied for child support months ago, and I have heard nothing back.
I called the bank and the dealership to inform them. in April before my due date to pay my 1st month on 4/20
I'm being charged child support my daughter joined the all forces 9 months ago I what can I do about this
i can’t really wait 4-6 months to get finish
I just need to know if month to month during covid has more than 30 days notice attached
Hello. I got a bank levy on my account a fews months ago. I don’t know what should I do ?
The agreement is $750 monthly and she is owing me $9094.00 she is here for 2 years
My husband is 4 months behind on child support. What can i do?
Recently (1 month ago) moved into an apartment that has a very active rat infestation in the walls
Yes, and my sister passed 5 months after
I worked hard for my sobriety for 10 months and care of my mental health
how do i proof that my marriage is broken for 6 months for a no fault divorce ?
so until then I have to just sit and wait it out and be out my son life for a few more months ?
I have SNAP benefits that are $194.00 a month and they want to lower it to $35.00 a month and take away my medical
can I send 2 month worth of child support payment at once?
6 months to a year - definitely not less
im 2 months behind and i was told i had to vacate
Now what if I'm on a month to month that probably doesn't matter right?
the check says to be voided after 3 month
I made lease 3 months ago to make more official   but ignores it
I'm doing my settlement for workers compensation and i need a copy of my monthly statement but with no luck
I expect it to take longer than 3 months
I have the NY case identifier from my monthly support bill if it helps.
Daniela, what is the law now during Covid regarding month to month apartment leases? How many days notice is required?
I only receive $63.00 a month it needs to be increased
Ok.  My brother died six months ago he was a account bank , I need how take this money
Last march we switched from a year lease to month to month. Does that affect anything?
They haven’t lived there 6months maybe a month
The child is 7 months, she lived in brooklyn for 6 months and now she is in Troy Ny
I owned  Lanlord past due month
This individual who stole the items is dying.  He only has 2-6 months to live. Does this make a difference on how to handle this?
Is there a free legal service that can answer some basic questions about NYC landlord/tenant lease renewals, month to month tenancy, etc
My daughter is an addict. Currently in a program. She had another child 10 months ago.
cause I’m stuck in Germany for 9 months
I need help getting monthly obligation adjusted
my landlord hasn't answered my calls in months
I was awardes spousal maintenance and they haven't paid in two months
I already filed a complaint months ago
