is it also considered contempt of a custody order?
just recently the beginning of this year a magistrate issued an order without considering my financila status and paperwork to prove it.
Are all finances considered shared in NY even if spouse name is not on account ?  We don't have prenup
I saw that page however im still unclear . I would like to know if filing a custody petition is considered
Are there other organizations  I can file complaints about hospital discrimination, misconduct, neglectful treatment while I consider filing a law suit?
What is considered a timely manner for my landlord to come check on an electrical issue?
No this actually looks helpful. Im 30 and my biological father has never been around, is that considered abandonment?
I don’t know if he’s considered a tenant. How do we evict someone who we never rented to????
ok thanks do you what  ranges they typically consider someone as low-income?
I'm being harmed because they will not consider monies earned in 2020.
I didn't think it was advice being it could be considered a law.
Is child support considered a nonessential matter?
Hello! I want to know if Veterans Disability Benefit is considered as income for child support? Thanks!
Ive been told that you couldnt help me because I am not considered resident in NY
I’m not sure what law matter this is considered
Hello, I am trying to figure out if once you are 21 and over you are still considered an unemancipated child?
i earned $8k in 2020 but that doesn't qualify for consideration and only 2019 is considered.
could you please tell me what my legal issue would be considered
I am considering but I just wanted to see if it will hurt my chances of continuing to lease cars?
If im being investigated by Child Protection Services Is that considered an active case? Or is it considered pending
Jane, tell me something? By her receiving letters stating that she has to vacate wouldn't that be considered Harassment?
I am not sure what it would be considered.  Is it a violation of support?
And which form I use to considered my new submission is timely filled
I believe driving for Lyft is considered self employment
Is creating a fake email account considered illegal when there is no criminal intent behind?
Maybe it be considered consumer law I'm not sure
Is there an attorney or legal help that I could speak to see if my particular case can be considered cosntruction discharge?
What can be expected? What would a court consider this? What if she evades and never shows up?
The case went on without me that's why they granted him that much. I was considered a no show
I will consider that, but $35 to even find out how much defense in court would cost is, honestly, a hardship
Okay I see. Can this be considered parental kidnap or alienation under New York Family Law?
I am a retail store in Manhattan. I consider to terminate rest of lease.
I have full custody. Is that the same? Is it considered him having given up his parental rights?
Hi, I have a tenant question- can an apartment be considered and abandoned if rent has been paid?
my daughter is in a supportive housing drug rehabilitation/mental health program. Is that considered an adult home?
I need a real lawyer that will honestly consider me without selling out
any options considering bc of covid phase 1 I was not allowed to see in person?
is sports equipment part of playing the sport or is it considered part of child support expense
No, I am glad you asked! Great question and something I should consider in the future
Is he following me and listening to my conversations considered one of those things
Is moving out of the state without my consent consider an emergency
I don't know if Im considered a low wage worker though
would this issue be considered “harassment?”
Is emotional abuse on elderly people considered a crime in NYS?
Just want to know if these are considered legit.  Can’t afford a lawyer!
Hi. If considering a separation/ divorce in NY, how are things divided up? Like 401k, etc
By official legal documents, can an Islamic divorce certificate be considered one?
Or would this be considered giving me advice or telling me “what to do” ?
Does a will or codicil need notary in order to be considered valid
ok, txs...so I'm considered a court user who doesn't have a lawyer
Would this also be consider an emergency ? I know that courts are currently closed -
I am looking to file Family Court Custody/Visitation Modification Petition Program and wanted to understand what is considered  "change in circumstances."?
I am considering moving to California with her.  Is that within my rights?  He is obviously very against it.
If I understand correctly the money from my husband should just be considered income.
Today would be considered a holiday which the courts would be closed. Am I correct
The benefits would be considered for the support of the younger two children
You’re saying maybe what I did will be considered as kidnap?
when i present my evidence, is it considered Exhibit A ? or do i have to continue the letter after the plaintiff
Will it considered to be in my home? If thats something that I request?
I WANT TO KNOW WHAT IS CONSIDERED A HOLIDAY WHEN SERVING A CHILD SUPPORT
i need to know if the Death Insurance is considered an asset?
However, would a lodger be considered a tenant it’s not a separate property?
Also wondering what DOL considers “a business” vs. freelancing?
She basically just told me there will be visits and covid will not be considered.
I would consider it an emergency. My daughters mother is denying visitation
Is Clinton County NY considered the Hudson Valley?
She has the child so I would consider that full custody. The child love with her mom
I'm still not sure if freelance is considered self employment or not.
Someone told me that it’s considered Abandonment of the family home since my daughter voluntarily left her husband
My family and I have been left homeless, because NYCHA failed to provide emergency housing, after our apartment was considered uninhabitable DUe to needed repairs
So is my violation petition considered an emergency being that he moved to Florida without telling the courts
how can I apply for it if I consider my situation it one of cruelty coming from my spouse
Which factors a judge would consider on legal custody?
ConEd provides me with an estimated reading which is astronomically high considering I am rarely home.
Is it fair to say that ignoring a decision-making provision is reasonable grounds to consider a complaint?
also what type of housing is it considered, and who rules over resident rights
No its not a criminal charge its educational neglect I guess they consider that neglect witch I had no knowledge it was even there
