Yeah that’s the site I’m on.. it won’t let me download or read it
As for a link to the site, that's another difficulty I'm having…
Please as it is dire and navigating through the site is not easy
That site just brought me back to the Custody/Visitation enforcement program page
The site says there is Limited representation for contested matters in bankruptcy court. I have about 3 with proof of claim.
Hello, I was trying to find a Life Estates Deed Firm... Any on your site? Or is that available at Staples or office supply store??
I am on the NYCOURTS.GOV and I am unable to find the forms on this site.
The 1st link you provided leads me to a site where I have to pay for access
I am his brother, yes, he told me to go on this site.
I am looking for information on your site regarding landlord's rights...
This site does not see to be up? Please see the attached screenshot. Does it work in your browser?
help.  I am over 60 so I will look into this site first.
I have visited this site, I just need a simple link to the rules of court as most states have
Thank you appreciate it...is there a site I can chat with a lawyer about this?
yes the site is confusing because there is not direct link to the form I need to fill out
well then why does this web site say FREE law help?
Another question - if I need to stop and continue filling in the forms through your site, do I just click on "save and exit"
Another message on site telling me to call
do you see what form on thsat supreme site applies to me in this case?
I was on the ecourts site but couldn't figure out how to lookupp my case
I visit the site and downloaded the papers but I need help to fill it out
I was sent to this site saying I could file this way I cant ???
i dont know, I went to the NYcourt.gov site
I went to that site but doesn’t help me much because I don’t have a docket number
Thank you very much for your assistance. Let me notate the sites you provided.
I have used this site for legal answers and was told I should get representation
Filed for custody of my grandson need the web site to fillingi have him since he was 2 weeks old i have temper custody now
Do you go on the LawHelpNY site exclusively for this information?
The links both direct me right back to this site
OK, I'm going to need to find out if she has access to a computer or a relative that can assist with checking those sites.
Thank you for your help... I can always find an answer with this site
yes, I can access the site and will look for the appropriate forms .
can you help with a site  that i can file for custody online without printing
Thank you, we did register and file for the letters via nyscef site
Do you have another site where I can verify if this woman is an active attorney?
No thank you. I am going to log on to those sites to see if they can help.
i dont see what form to fill out on supreme site
Im clicking on the site its not working. I will try on my computer
where do i go on this site to file a petition for child support extension
I just need direction navigating this site to find the documents
Great, I used to be a legal assistant in NY and have been on the site but cannot locate anything.
I'm looking at the site right now thank you
Not until he is able to look at site to see if the information there helps him.
i need diy forms and the site wont let me aaccess them
I got to the site part that says file a petition
Hi I am retuning to the site  I believe  I had registered  but can now not find the sign in or login link
I can't edit that form either, is there a site that has a version that can be edited?
no let me hit the site before you sign out thanks again
Is there another site or office I may be able to contact?
The my court referred me to this site and said to look for that form
Ok.  Can you refer me to the site where I can find this form?
i need to fill put 2 forms but i am having a hard time finding them on this site.
Kings. I found a regular one in your site.
I just need to know what site they use for virtual court
yes, a lady gave me your site to try
All I want to know is where on the site do I go to start a support modification and upload my paperwork ?
OK.  I did that  and they told me to come to this site to get that form
Hi. Is there a online site to file for divorce?
Ok. Kool. I can upload on this site as well
What are they? One site has a will form that says "Personal  Representative" And not 'executor'.
The IRS site asks for and address but i’m not sure what to put
I don’t see an option for a new petition on this site
I looked up "find a lawyer" on this site- and it came up with different options. Should I try the ones you suggested first?
The site refereed me to contact NY court.
Do you know which website I should be filing? Maybe I'm on the wrong site
i am unable to locate the PDF for petition for adoption, can you help me locate it on this site?
is this ny state official court site?
I jsut need help uploading a document on the site
But I just went to the site in bronx family court
Just tried 3 times to access the suggested site but it bounced me back here.
I believe i am a member fot one month on your site
I know the file number and see the documents on the websurrogates.ny site
That web site ? An it’s in Rochester ny
I am not sure if maybe it goes through with the child support if we are already married cause I have searched the site
I am trying to find out where the custody Violation order is located on this site
I called the court house they told me to use this site and just upload it
ah ok so once I finish filling in the DIY forms through your site, will I get instructions on how to file with the courts?
When i click it it sends to some kind of different web site “ Law Help Interactive “
So I should be able to find the forms at the site you gave me.
No one answers the phones on the web site
no thank you I'm going to look up the sites you just gave me
I don’t see anything about criminal stuff on either site
I suppose I should go to the web site you provided me with and see what I can do from there.
They actually are the ones that gave me this web site
I don't see a DIY custody petition on this site, though
i have been on all these sites it says printable forms however there is not
there is no way to e file  i read on the site that there was
I can not get on the web site. Do u have their number?
i just need the site page, i already stared a case and saved my answers...
Thank you - the site has a lot of great information
i am also lookin gon PA's site but their stuff is labeled differently
The web site does not open to the forms. Is Blocked
the site you gave me has no forms.  only the custody/visitation link for lawhelp
do u know any lawyers site which is legal site
I visit a lot of sites that get me a lot of nowhere
Can I find a form for public notification on this site
I'm going to go in the site as soon as we're done..
but the site the court emailed me won’t pull up a form for me
Ok thank you. Can you email me these numbers and sites
I will and I really am concerned  about using the rapid doc. Sites for the b. C.
I called a law firm, they said go to this site, to fill out a form.. that's it.
Should I be filing on a different site? Please help
I filled out the questions on this site but did not want to pursue the modification yet
I SPENT A FEW DAYS SEARCHING, NO AVAILABLE FORMS NOR SITE EITHER
My status is slightly different than the set of questions on your site.
I cannot find any form on this LawHelp.org web site
no it does not. it only states the form number. I need the actual forms from your site
Can I use this site to file a violation of visitation order
I thought I was on that site. Ok. Will try again. Thank you. Ending chat for now.
no. thank you. I looked up the site and I see the forms. Thank you again.
Hello I am looking for initial Custody and Support forms to file in NYS  I was told to go to this web site
It says on the web site that court is only for emergency cases
i found the site when searching for debt scam information
I need help with the review of an agreement from a crowdfunding site.
No worries but yes, that's the site that took me to your system
I am having trouble finding a form I filled out yesterday and saved on your site
I call my child support they gave me a web site to do it yes
I was on that site, but unable to find where to get the form
Can I use these to jump to the sites. I'm ok n my phone
Hello jade it's me again I lost the referral site again can you email me nancyconcep@yahoo.com
(please send a link from the lawhelp site)
I was told to come on this site to file the petition but I don't see where or how
I tried the online site to look up the file number. Not getting anything
I already checked that web site. No info on form #  I can only find modification of petition.
Yeah i know that site and im nassau county
I'm not interested in a lawyer. Can you direct me to where in the court site or state site i can find this information
Thank you for your help we will start looking into these sites.
Can this site also get me some names  lawyers
no just a CPS worker she just directed me to this web site
that's it.  I downloaded the form from the site but no fee mentioned.  Thansk again for the help.
Well there are alot of different forms that were on the site.
I was just on here and was waiting on the operator to find a way to help me when I was kicked off the site
I just want navigation on the site to download a form
I was told it was on this site, but I cannot find an actual link to the form!
I will visit these sites. I think I’m set for now. Thank you again for the help!
Hi I was trying to find the DIY G17 on the NY Queens web site but see it
The support links send me back to this site
I see you cannot scroll the screen or use the site while the chat box is open- do you have that?
Yes i'm on that site cant find the form
I called them they gave me web site but nothing how to petition this shown
I don’t want custody so will this site help me with guardianship
Do you know if there is a DIY program on this site for adoption?
