I only see the option to modify or enforce a visitation petition
How do I go about filing for visitation if I never had any assigned by a court?
whats the difference between a Petition For Modification Of Order Of Custody Visitation and Order On Petition For Modification Of Order Of Custody visitation ?
I want to file new petition for visitation
So I was wondering how I would go about filing a petition for Custody n Visitations  for the first time
I am trying to file a petition for visitation in family court.  Where do I find the form and how do I file?
Can you file for visitation first or have to file for custody before visitation?
He cannot make decisions for himself and I would like to visit him and she's preventing me from going to visit him
Second i am looking to Rep myself in a custody/ Visitation case
it only gave me the option to file a petition for custody / visitations
Should I visit the clerk or support department for clarification?
Hello I want to find out how do I get shared custody and visitation for my 5 yr old
Hello, can I file a petition online to be the custodial parent ? Or I would need to visit the family court location?
No I have custody and is looking to have visitation with their mom modified and enforced
I have to set visitation for my child with her dad can I do that online
I want to do a petition for child support and visitation
I need to find the form to petition for visitation of my kids
I want to file for visitation to see my grandkids
I had filed a petition to have visitation for my son ....my court day was schedule for april 2
I need information on how to file a visitation petition
I am in need of help with a visitation petition filed in bronx family court
I want to modify my visitation for my kids to supervised visitation
the father and I came up with a visitation agreement but he wants to put it through the court
How do i file a petition for visitation on where i can send it to the courts?
I am not looking for custody or visitation enforcement, but filling for custody
I need some help to petition for visition for my grandchild
Yes ... Hello am I able to file a petition of visitation online?
Is there a form to fill out on line to file for custody and visitation?
can you tell me wher I would go to file for visitation and custody
hi how can I retrieve a visitation petition I just did online
I was wondering on how I can file a petition to get visitation of my children
i would  like to know how do i file a petition for visitation online?
this is NOT the right form. This petition is used to ask that the order of custody and/or visitation be changed.
Custody and visitation how can I file a petition for custody?
Okay. And how about visitation? His father refuses to let him visit for the summer. Will I have to wait for that as well?
Mom is the custodial parent...no there is no visitation order.
what is the form i should use to file for violation of visitation?.
To help me file for visitation violation from the other parent not complying
I try to fill the custody/ visitation form but I never have before a custody orden?
court custody visitation modification petition
Yes I need help to file for visitation for my grandson
no visitation.  Just a divorce paper that says she has full custody.  I want to file for visitation rights?
I want to fle a custody and visitation petition and don't know how
And the modification to visitation order would be for the location?
Do I have to show a change in circumstance to file a modification of visitation petition?
had a question about the difference between custody and visitation and which one I am supposed to apply for
I need help with filing a petition for visitation
he’s going to request 50-50 custody but over the years he’s never follow through with visitation visits that he filed for
It’s for custody visitation modification petition
writ of habeas corpus for custody and visitation
I need to file a petition for cutody or visitation
I need to file to enforce a visitation order
I need a custody and visition modified form mailed to me
Yes I wanted to know about filing for visitation
Hi, I am only looking for the DIY online form to start a new custody and visitation order
Form for custody and visiting  petition for the first time
I’m trying to filed online for custody and visitation enforcement I don’t know the form which one its
I don't want the father to have visitation. Is that the same as custody?
whats the difference between a Petition For Modification Of Order Of Custody Visitation	 and Order On Petition For Modification Of Order Of Custody visitation	?
i need a link to download custody and visitation forms
So I would have to go visit the child in Georgia?
so if he files with family court they wouldnt have him be tested before revisiting visitation or custody
Can file a petition ONLINE  for family court visitation?
I looked on website but it says visitation enforcement or visitation modification unsure what one to do
I just want to know how likely it'll be for the courts to give him visitation if I do file.
Hello, how can i get a visitation form or how can file for parenting visitation?
I would like to know what forms I need in order to file for Custody and Visitation ?
I need to file a petition for visitation to Westchester family court
i have physcial custody, she lives with me and visits the father on weekends
Hello, I was hoping for some guidance/clarification on filing a petition for visitation
I want to check about child visitation petition ?
family custody and visitation Davis v Belus
the violations became worst after I filed the enforcement of visitation
before that, what is the difference between Order on Petition for Custody or Visitation and a Petition for custody or visitation
I have GF 17 form to fill out because I want legal visitation everything is just verbal visitation
this is my first time filing a petition for custody and visitation
How I file a custody /visitation petition online
I have a visitation court hearing on Monday November 18.
How can I file the petition for visitation and custody can I do it on line
how do I go about filing a petition for custody and visitation if the courts are closed
i want to file for visitation/ custody for my child
once i filled out custody and visitation modification where do i send the information to?
what are the visitation guidelines on non Custodial visitations on covid-19 virus and lock down?
How much information do I put in a modification of visitation petition?
I am originally from Spain,and currently visiting family
Well I would like to put in a petition for custody and visitation with my son
I would like to file a custody and visitation petition. Can I do that virtually?
I am trying to file a petition to enforce visitation with my granddaughter
and filling in soon for custody and visitations because she is her mother wont deny her from her but ill be doing supervision visitation
im trying to file a modification to a current family court custody and visitation agreement
he went to court and i was suppose to have visitation but he won't let me see her.
I’m looking for a lawyer I can speak to regarding a modification of visitation petition I’d like to file.
Hello I contacted my local court for information in regards to filing a petition for visitation . I know the name of the form is g17
Would I still have to enter some sort of visitation?
I NEED HELP FILING A VISITATION PETITION FOR MY GRANDSON
As a custodial parent am I able to file a visitation petition in court against the non custodial parent to enforce visitation
I need the custody and visitation forms to download
can I file a petition for enforcement of an order of visitation online or do I have to wait for the courts to open?
I have custody and my child's father has visitations. He refused to bring him back the day and time his visitation ended.
I need to know how to summit a visitation modification petition
I need help petitioning the court for visitations with my special needs adult child whom the father will not allow me to see...
I need the link custody I'm not the leagl custodian I have visitation rights father is refusing to have my children come visit me
I’m trying to petition the court for visitation and custody of my 2 grandchildren
I filed for visitation enforcement and modification btw
I need to know the policy with visitation during covid19
General form GF-40 (PETITION FOR MODIFICATION OF ORDER OF CUSTODY OR VISITATION
What the different of custody visitation enforcement  and modification petition
I like to file for visitation or custody for my son
Where is the DIY form to get a new order of custody or visitation? All I can find is  enforcement or mod petitions
I would like to file a petition for visitation
Would you help to find Form-22 writ of habeas corpus for custody or visitation? Thank you
I currently have a visitation schedule approved by the court.
i would like to know how to file a petition for visitation online
its a visitation petition so his father can visit his son off the property i reside in
as the aunt of a child in foster, i would like to petition the court for visitation. how do I go about this
am I able to go into the court house and file a petition for child support and visitation?
Hi, I will like to file for child support and visitation
at what age is a child allowed to decide on their own if they want to visit their father if the father has 50/50 custody
Custody petition; he has violated the visitation order for years
I would like to know what would be best. Filing to modify a visitation order or file a violation of the visitation order?
i would like to file for visitation/ custody for my against his dad. Can you please send me the link?
How long do you have to file a violation of child custody visitation?
Hi, where do I upload a visitation/ custody petition?
The petition has only choices for custody or visitation. I'm filing for temporary. Do I use the same form?
I would like information on how to put in a petition for visitation
I would like to file Custody/ Visitation petition in family court in the Bronx
Therapeutic visits as in I have two 1 hr visitation sessions scheduled a week with my children, and a therapist is present during those visitations.
I am not getting my visitations and will like to know how to go about this situation
Hi, can visitation be denied due to the stay at home order?  The court states father shall have visitation for the week of spring break.
I’m having a hard time trying to fill out an online petition for visitation with my son
I haven't been back to court for custody or visitation.
Looking to find out where I can find the papers to file for visitation
I would like to petition for visitation and share custody of my daughter
I was looking for DIY forms to file a petition for visitation
I would like to file for an appointment to file a petition for  custody and visitation
I would like to file a petition to stop the visitation
family court in regards to visitation and custody
Hello I want to file a petition for custody and visitation
i want to know how to file for visitation enforcement online
what form would I use to file to modify supervised visits
I need family visitation legal help
This would be a filing for custody / visitation / support
Besides filing to petition for visitation, what else can I do ?
I Would like to find out how i can get custody or visitation for my son
Hello, what forms do I need to file for visitation and custody
A Petition for Modification of Order of Custody and Visitation
I am in need of a visitation enforcer, if not a custody modification.
Can you send me a link for the pdf file for the custody and visitation modification
I need to find the form that will appeal for custory and visitation
