I did do that and have saved answers and still do not knowwhere to locate that specific form.
After answering that question can you please answer the question about me bringing character witness letters is that also allowed in court
Another question... do you only answer questions in regards to family court?
I dont find an answer to my question on these links
Hi I wanted to know if someone can help answer a few questions about an 18 year old case.
I need someone who can answer and clarify Small Estate questions
Ok do you have a source that would be able to help me answer that question by chance?
maybe my divorce atroney will take pity on me and answer these specifically.
I checked already this website. I didn’t find answer to my question
Okay thank you. If I have any other questions I could just hop back on here and ask whoever's answers?
They'll have a lot to answer for if this gets to court!
Thanks it sounds complicated isn’t there someone who have an answer
Hi! I just had a quick question, I am unsure if you can answer or not but figured I'd try.
I keep loosing anything from you. As soon as I answered your question it goes right to the survey
Thank you and can u answer about my question about my mom if you can if not that okay
I need an answer to a question concerning my divorce.  Can you help with this?
No one answers the phones in lift I tried that already...
I just need help answering questions about custody and visitation at this time with the pandemic.
Ok so the second one can answer my question
Oh I see wow I appreciate you answering all of my questions. Thank you very much. You were very helpful and understanding.
I also have another question more of legal question
We are very far in but we never received any documents to answer a foreclosure case
I was going to ask a few questions but if you cant tell me certain answers then I wont
unfortunately the link you sent does not help answer questions to ho to negotiate
Answer to your question is im not sure how to answer that
Answering the door please don't disconnect
last night i saved my answers but when i sign on i cant find my answers
Hey I have a question about traveling and public assistance in nyc. Are you able to help answer
the questions are tricky and don't want to answer them incorrectly
If they dont answer the phone can you provide me an email
Can you answer a question on i765 case status
is there someone I can call to answer my questions please?
i need stalking and harrassment of myself to stop...and to answer the complaint properly and clearly
question #1 are you an automation please answer yes or no so I’ll know I’m not wasting my time sorry
You can't really choose how they classify you, only answer the questions.
Yes, it disconnected before seeing the answer 🙈
trying I live upstate no one will answer me
Would you be able to give advice or answer some questions I have?
whoever you are answering an online help forum
Yes but i thought this was a place i could ask my questions and get an answer
Not at the present. Thank you. Here's hoping that will help answer my questions! Have a great day!
Can you poker also answer my question above. Thank you.
okay so you don't have answers you are directing me to someone else?
yes please or someone to answer my questions regarding the form
Hello you didn’t help you just keep sending me links instead of answering my questions
how long do I have to file my answer after I receive the papers?
I DID NOT EVER ASK FOR ADVICE! I asked you what the law says!! You can’t answer that? What questions can you answer?
if i dont answer the petition with in 5 days, a judement may be entered against me
I need the legal form to answer a divorce and child custody case.
Hi I currently am a Cvr section 8 tenant would you be able to answer questions that I have ?
well I have answered all the questioning the interviewer portion but it wont allow me to print it now?
I realize you cannot give me advice but can you answer specific questions ( if you know the answer) about a will?
I've been in these pages, if they had the answer to my questions I wouldn't be in this chat right now
I am really just looking for an answer to my second question. Thank you.
Ok, you have answered my questions. I very much appreciated!
no one seems to answer the phones often
That would be great. I just need to find the answer to my question.
Noone ever answers the phone at court or the helpline
That page doesn’t answer the question I have..that’s why I utilized the chat option
You haven't really been of any assistance since my question was not answered.
So you are not able to answer those two questions on this chat
I think that answers what I need for now.  If I have more questions may I come back later to this site?
Whoever answered the help desk phone
No I haven’t. But any chance you can answer this one question how long does family court keep adoption records.
So a lawyer who could answer questions about sexual abuse and defamation would be ideal
no thank you. i think this website will help answer some questions.
would that hotline be able to answer my specific questions about his right to see my lease?
I've tried looking it's quite hard asking that particular question and getting a straight answer lol
I need help preparing and delievering the Answer. It would help to know if I can Get an Extension for Filing Answer.
I have called  I get no answers    No body answers phones
I truly appreciate your response and professionalism. Yes, I would like the contact information to the organization that provides free answers to my legal questions.
Oh sorry, just read the answer to my question.
For answer iam  no regrese but my husband put the divorce mutual is ñor true
I have read those pages. But still can’t find the answer to my specific question
I’m not looking for specific advise or someone to tell me what to do. The question I need answered is
I called the housing hotline but they don't offer legal advice  another number only answers questions
Hi there, I have some questions regarding eligibility for the housing lottery that I was unable to find answers to online
No i think that answered the questions i had all together thanks again
yes but it is operator that ask questions and you can answer with yes and no.
Do you know if there’s a group/resource that can Answer specific questions?
i hope you can give me answers to defend my case
I think you’ve answered all my questions that I currently have so thank you
Hello Chelsi!  Yes, are you able to help answer questions regarding eligibility for the Pandemic Unemployment Assistance?
that would be perfect, if only they would answer; who and where can I call, what number will answer?
Hi.  I just had a general question about eligibility for Unemployment Insurance.  Would that be something you would be able to answer?
ok.  different question   do i use the same answer form from ny courts online to answer a motion for summary judgment?
So you’re basically saying you can’t answer this question
Can I ask you the question and you can tell me if you know the answer?
no need to get an answer do you know who will take a simple question?
That's not the answer I wanted to hear, Michael
Miss this doesn’t answer my question in full detail
so who can answer my question about landlords and certificate of occupancy
I was told by a 312 operator that I can get some answers to my questions here
Yes, if you can provide me assistance so that I can find these answers that would be very helpful.
Can you answer a couple of general questions about a situation and set of circumstances?  Or only refer?
I have looked there but was not able to find the answer To my question
I received an Answer form. I want to use the on-line app. how do I find it?
I didn’t really get the answers I was looking for
I have some general questions that hopefully you can somewhat answer for me.
So in order to have my question answered, call LIFT?
Hi I answered questions on your form yesterday, and saved them how can I log in to have them copied?
I have a question about child support i cant answer
Is this immigration lawyer? Is he or she going to answer my question for free?
Can I write “being settled” on the answer form
I don't think general info. is going to answer my question.
looking for the textbook answer to the question. What authority does a designe have if no authority is granted by initialingthe lettered subdivisions
Is there any volunteer legal council that could answer my questions
how long it would take for them to receive my mail and answer me
I've looked at those sites but unfortunately they don't answer my question.
Hi Charles, I wanted to know if you could answer some custody court questions for me or if you just provide referrals?
What form do I use to answer a complaint for a tax lien foreclosure ? answering it myself without an attorney
I have questions about custody and support. They are related, and I am hoping someone can give us some answers.
I looked through already and nothing answers my questions.
That's right also. I wanted to know if I'm still required to answer at this moment
an answer on that general question, or information that will help answer that question will be most helpful.
i've seen the first 2 and they don't answer my questions
i am looking for a sample form to answer someone's custody petition against me
this site states that it can answer legal questions and here you are telling me that you can’t!!!
okay thank you so much for your advice and answering my questions!
i had a question im not sure if you could answer but doenst hurt to ask
Thanks they never answer put you on hold transfer then it disconnected
I am filing a violation petition & I’m not sure how to answer one of the questions
No one answers just message that says delayed. Ur first to answer. No information on site with reopening date. So I guess none for now
I have to answer a complaint & serve a copy of my answer regarding a car accident where I am being sued
actually i was looking to find an answer to a question. I do not know how i got into law help
I see. Ok. I guess that answers all of the questions then. Thank you so much
You did a good job! I will provide you with a "roadmap" to show you how to better answer these chats. Any questions?
I would like to know how to proceed with getting answer to my questions
I still have to answer no to the question did you quit your job they don't have the full exception on the application
I will start with that. I have already looked at some of these but cannot find my answer.
Where do I find legal help to answer a debt collection summation?
I know that you can not answer several questions so I guess I should call someone.
Hi, I actually just had a relatively simple question that I wasn’t able to obtain the answer to
I was wondering if you could tell me if someone in st. lawrence county supreme court could answer legal questions
Can you give me an answer to my unemployment issue?  I haven't been able to find this answer on the NY Labor website.
ok can you answer the second question please
is that a court hotline that can answer probate questions?
am i now making new password i answered security question
Can you steer me to someone who can answer come questions?
I was the executor for my parents in Buffalo NY. IM familiar with that job. My question is, and I think the answer is NO,
He would like to get some questions answered.  Is there free legal advise he can get?
And do you know how long will take to have a answer from the court?
Yes .. we answered all the questions and saved it to the website
I wanted to know , Do I have to answer all the questions in that Subpoena including the information I am not comfortable sharing with
can you answer questions about filing documents provided on this website
I have a court case. I need to answer. I want to do it on-line  Where do I go to do this
Hi, I have a question I hope you can help with because I can't seem to find the answer
Hi. I have a tenant in nyc. Since April, he hasn't paid rent. Are you able to answer questions related to this before I continue?
I have a legal question and was directed to your site  where I can get an answer
No I think this might answer my questions thank you
As I said, I have been to the site. I think I need to talk to someone who can answer my specific questions
Thank you, I had all those questions I needed an answer for or clearing up. Thanks for your time!
i just had a question that i ccant seem to locate an answer for
Are you able to answer questions about tenants rights during COVID?
I fail to understand why there isn't a direct answer
