is it available online or something I would have to call for and they would mail?
can the judge issue something to freeze her passport? or order her not to leave nyc?
Also something more applicable to say the DMV or attorney generals office, not specifically just courts
From what I understand, he would like to move his account from one bank to another however something is preventing him from doing so.
also, her ex  records their conversations - is there something she can do legally to stop this?
i already tried the free consualtions and 500 and hour is something i cannot afford
i filed a petition to modify an order. the date is set for 01/16 although i need something done sooner
I think their name was something like angelo
i really dont know something related to my issue if not is ok
also, is there something in the attorney general's office that deals with this, where i could get info?
is the county clerk's office open if I wanted to get a copy of something?
Yes - but I do not see any links to forms to initiate custody, only to modify or enforce. Not sure if I am overlooking something
I need to find something right now that will allow me to save.
Have to reset password or something give me a second
So I need to say something about the pass rent
Hello is the Right of First Refusal something parents have by default or is it something that needs to be filed for?
Is the Right of First Refusal something parents have by default or is it something that needs to be filed for
do i hav eto file something through court
Also something else, about a divorce, where could I go, I dont have a lawyer
Hi Sarah . I need help with something
Is there anything I can do in the meantime with the court? Can I file something online or through the mail?
she threat me that she was going to do something bad to me very soon
Ok it has something to do with my situation? I'm an inmigrant
I'm trying to found out if may need a lawyer.  Something happen like someone beat somebody up and they im connect to it.
I just need something to fill out to submit electronically something for custody
Something needs to be done. I have documentation of everything
How would they determine what is appropriate and inappropriate? Just because I don't like something wouldn't necessarily make it inappropriate.
She is not in immediate danger aside from the pandemic and traveling. I can't file something like that.
Something needs to be done they lie to their attorney and he believes them.
Yes and get into my internet option to print something
I would like find free help  for ask something about a tax issue
maybe see if  a judge could do something
I am trying to find something but I just started working
any chance you can help me with something close from the forms required?
After they saw something they didn't like they needed it to go be looked at by another agency but that wasn' on the consent
I read something about settling at family court first?!?
Oh ok. I'll give them a call then. I thought it would be something like a program.
Hi I filed something on December 24th seeing if their is a update on it
I'm trying to get help with something going on with my landlord
it appears that I may need a lawyer but I an currently still unemployed, is that something you can help with?
I heard something like this must be done within 3 months
Why is that out of curiosity? Are the for arrests or something specific like that?
ok quick question to confirm something
I'm interested in knowing whether or not the right of first refusal is something parents have by defauly
That’s the thing she’s not but I have children an I’m worried that she may do something
No not yet. I'm looking for help to do something about this
Or something like i dont really know how to go about the situation
And her name is something like Sumi Dodds?
Based on the conversation I just had with EEOC this is something I would need to at this point take to state court
i was reading something about 60 days, but currently he is a minor
I'll look into a rent agreemnt or something for proof
thats ok i'kk try something else
also i read something that said that evictions can’t take place if the renter can not pay but that is not the case
Thank you. Also, is this something that a probono attorney can help me through the new probono.net?
and as they say the kid told them that I try to punish tehm or something like that but it was a lye
and she wrote something else completely omitting the old agreement and now is calling herself a subletter
They took all of it so basically they offered me something that technically wasn't even mine
Law enforcement has told me many things, all different. Most recently, they said to go to family court.  I need something more immediate.
I was told I had to use something called EDDS but I don’t know how to get there.
I think he said his name was Larry or Leon or something like that
i need something more official for underwriting purposes
the child has left the state, and if something is not done immediate, i don't know what else i can possible do
he also said something about then I’ll have to go to court where the DA presses the charges
Someone said something about redemption of the deed
ok pass me.  a contact you something from someone who can help me please
also do u know anything about covid and court how long something like that could possibly takr
Okay i was told i can also submit something to get the court to view it faster?
I know I am a legal parent in NY, but I know I need something just to protect us
last question, if i want to fill a termination order o something similar, is there an specific form and process to do so?
I found a federal protection act that prevents something in my divorce decree. Is there a form that I should use for that?
Is this something I need to go to the federal or NY?
If I needed help filling this out, is that something you could assist with?
Also another quick question, if I have a written agreement does that count as a lease? Or is that something different?
If I’m pregnant and I’m 17 and my boyfriend 22 do my family can do something to him or no?
Yes, to be candid I am looking for free assistance or advise. Not sure if this is something you'd be able to help me with
So do u know legal service for something like this?
I would like to change something in the verdict of the probe
Would there be any lawyers that do like a Probono or a free evaluation or something here in Monroe County
I know where to find the forms I need but there is something new called EDDS which is to file electronically
Initiating this modification, but I have a case pending for something else.
But there must be an article or a textbook or something about these hearings.
I knew it might take a little extra time but not 10 weeks. To at least get a call back would be something
thank you take your time give me as many numbers as you have someones gotta be able to do something im scared
He served time for that.  I don't know if those children would say something horrible to their father about me
They gave me a paper back and told me I will receive something in the mail or a phone call
just to want to do something to stop the haunting and torture
I'm asking because if the only way her mom could have legal guardianship would be if I sign something and I have not.
Shes not sure of its just the normal  30 day eviction or another process maybe something sooner
is this something that may need to be done inside the court house
Okay. Thanks. I'm not sure about what else I can do to avoid paying a lawyer for something so trivial
Is this something that can have a solution because if the child is mine im a responsible person.
i'm sorry, have you been writing something? i dont see it
But is a way that my son can like call or something by himself?
my dad is stressed because he keeps thinking theyre going to change the locks while i am at work or something
it seems to be something that the landlord is obligated to send.
I use to volunteer with lhny with aimee. and the site has since changed! I was hoping you can help me find something
And said something about an annulment which I don't want
She has something to do with the starlight speed way go kart track
Even if it's something that can be set up  legally because this is becoming too much.
I do have a support order currently...is it a specific number of some case that I need? Or something else?
Okay. So what exactly is the process of something like this, and what can I expect when it comes down to the day of?
Well, I'm more so looking for something that says that the landlord has to make them available to read.
And they send me letters in the mail in at my door asking for something that i ben paid on
ok and that's something the judge has to approve
i keep reading that the justice dept will oversee any suits regarding this but cant find info on how i can do something about it
Hey Celine I have a question about something on unemployment
That would be nice. I need something close to if not in Schenectady NY
Also i have been here since 9a.m and she won't call my case. Something is clearly wrong
I haven’t been in contact. And they told me I should receive something in the mail and I have not
I am currently going through something and trying to get some legal assistance
i gave her my address and she says something will be mailed to me about the dismisal
Thank you!  When I saw hotlines-I thought it was something different.
to mention that is two different cases, it look like they previus agencyput something in my record
I previously read this.  Are these required papers something your company would do?
but the noise complaints are not even something I am doing wrong. For example. I would understand if it was music of stomping
I just need to add something to my custody order but I am unsure on what papers to fill out
I am looking to see if this is something that he can do because of the no eviction order
I told him to call 911 I put something from your job keep it open
Do you know the proper steps, because maybe i did something wrong
Basically I’ve been arrested for something that is false information
something regarding consumer credit transaction. the papers are dated March 4th but they were only delivered yesterday
I am trying to figure out if something is illegal or legal to do
and the email advise me to seek a lawyer to make further action. something like a proof of cliam
yes its not a court case i just need to fill out something called letter of administration and its overwhelming
Do I even have to go to court and file something
I was also curious if maybe there was a way to file for temp Custody and visitation until something is decided in court
How do I ask the judge to put something in effect that enforces our agreement
Is this something they typically mail to my home ? Or this is something I will receive next time I see the judge ?
Ok i will..once I hear something I will pop back you to let you know
I'm done with the crap need to do something about it
How am I supposed to "cure" something that isn't the case?
The case was already closed sure. But is there something we can do against to false report?
What about the pro-bono screening process? Do these community agencies help with this? Or is that something that is done by other organizations?
not exactly. I'm looking for something more comprehensive
is this something that can be done from me mailing it in or does it have to be done in person?
how does one get a copy of something at this time?
Is that something I would look through and use to research, myself, or then re-contact you and ask you to do it?
Yes, something similar; however, I was looking for something more simple.
not unless you have a magic wand make all this go away ....i hope I can get someone to listen believe me do something
Does that mean if I file something with APS something might proceed?
not for current foreclosure actions, but something around 2010
Not sure, I will look it over and if I need something else, I will contact you later. Thank you for all your help!
