I still dont feel safe going back
this is no help I really feel like my Appointed lawyer is doing the bare minimum
of inspecting the neighbours and ours apartment, when we feel they are responsible for paying
Oh I'm a senior and rent stabilized apt have a feeling they'd like me to leave my appt as they give right to neighbor
but alone is all I feel.... no #me too.... 'just me'....  facing a mountain of steel
I just feel in will never end They sleep peacefully all morning while I'm up at six am and get to sleep at 12am.
No I feel since speaking to you that there is hope especially during these times
Ok. You can tell I’m feeling very sorry for myself 😊
YES, they they threw me down, and put me in handcuffs! it made me feel like a total criminal.
then the other party is doing some stuff that i feel isnt right
I feel like the courts are doing wrongful judgments against me
But I feel that is a little fast three days from now when don’t know what rent is
I feel they kind the feel after I have baby my brain is not good as before
that's true, you made me feel better, thank you so much!
Thank you so much for your help. It feels good even to talk to a stranger about it. I have been in fear for years
yes so i feel like myhands are tied but something needs to be done
I feel like they not listining to nothing im saying
i feel like i missed some deadlines but hoping it's still possible
Yes there is an order but I feel I need to remove her from the house ASAP
I work for Berkshire farm center and services for youth at a local school.  I feel I can help her
I don’t feel I need a higher level of care
I have strong feelings that im the farther of a 9 month baby girl
I feel helpless but if that is the only help you can provide me with, I thank you kindly.
If I can get him out of the house it will make me feel better
it feels like there is always a dead end and no one really available to assist.
That would be lovely. Im low-income so I feel as if they have targetted me on purpose somehow.
I feel all 3 should be inspected and treated by a professional
I don’t feel he’s fit as a father to be around him unsupervised. How do I fix this situation
I go back to court this Thursday for the support hearing and I have a feeling this is all very illegal.
Ps.... I wouldn't dream of suing.  Just so glad I feel better
i left work Thursday due to not feeling well
Yes. I don’t feel comfortable dealing with them. I wanted outside advice
two weeks will feel like two years, as this is intolerable and a known seasonal problem they say
it feels like a threat to scare me into vacating
i feel like i did the right thing in my situation
I was so worried I’d loose everything I was feeling so pressured I just gave into the agreement
I feel that at this point I need to provide him with notice, is this true?
But she has been silent for nearly two days, and i feel like I'm getting scammed. Is it possible to sue her for my money?
prior to this i had a fair hearing that i did not feel was very fair so unfortunately i hung up on the law judge
they are making me feel like I’m a criminal :(
thank you.  do i have to let them in any time they feel like it, if they give notice?
I feel that they don't want to go against big instituion
I AM VERY CONFUSED I APPLIED FOR ASSISTANCE AND THIS FEELS LIKE A SLAP IN THE FACE
His mother now wants our son to move to Texas but I do not feel comfortable with him under her household full time
he also tells inappropriate jokes where at times she feels harrassed
I feel so bad and I don't know how to deal with this case at all.
I don't know what to do at this point. I feel like I've tried every and all resources hence me even messaging you on here...
Okay. Thank you. That makes me feel better.
Do you think the courts will open up by next month? Somehow I feel like things will be in limbo for a long time.
The issue is that copper kept me safe , I never had damage from Gloria in ‘93 or Hurricane Sandy. I feel so robbed
I'm just so confused and honestly, I feel discriminated against.
I am very upset right now and feel emotionally undermined by her demeanor. She was rude on the FaceTime and her sister cursed me out.
who can I contact regarding that my roommate is continually having people over and I don’t feel safe because of COVID-19
Well I m my mother house but i dont feel safe becuase he know where my mon lived
Yes please. I’ve submitted a doctors note and they do not feel those accommodations are reasonable
I am still waiting for my transfer I don’t feel comfortable in my apartment
The custodial parent feels since she lives with her she controls everything
I finally feel like I am getting somewhere. Thank you so so much
Everyone feels he is doing that he doesn't even let them talk to their god parents
Please I feel they may try to harm me or my appartment
I am the father and I don’t feel they are safe with their mother.
I feel so helpless... my daughter has been missing from home since the 8th of this month
I kinda live on the upstate area.... but I would feel more comfortable reaching out away from here.
You're great!  Thank you so much.  At least now I feel like I have a direction and assistance.
Ok but again I feel I can get 25000 from each party
I feel so depression. because of woek my baby is born early than the day
She is in a situation where she feels unsafe at her housing residence.
that is why i feel like im goin in circles
Well hopefully we can feel sorry for what they're about to go through
And ifni should just keep claiming nothing iv done i feel is fraud i told them I qwite
I’m going to file the modification but I feel like that is going to take time
I just feel like I have to finally speak up and not allow her to spend as much time with the other parent any more
We feel like we are constantly getting harassed by CPs workers
I feel as though my rights were violated is there a way to file a complaint
I feel the company is not Fair to fire me.i been working there for 8yrs and they just give me a layoff letter.
Yes.  Family court issue.  I am not the party in question but feel I should be protected
i just don't feel liking typing all those one more time
I feel like they ACS is trying to convince me I’m
I called my lawyers supervisor but left a message I just feel that I am not getting help from her . Thank you.
But I do not feel comfortable "helping him" move my belongings when he's the one who put it all in 12 trashbags!
i feel like the judge abuse her desecration of power
Thank you, the whole things very confusing and frustrating, i feel robbed
Her counseling sessions are conducted by video from home so she does not feel comfortable telling the counselor how she feels.
yes, but I don’t feel confident that they can properly handle the case.
I feel he shouldn't  be left alone with a minor do you understand
no one should have to face prison time because of another person’s feelings that was in the moment
I don’t feel safe with my 26 yr old son in the house
Okay. Thanks for the info and the help... but I still feel like I'll be running in circles by the end of business tommorow
i have printed off the laws and really feel i have a good case
Yeah i agree. I just feel stuck. Im broke i have no family here no friends.
Thank you so much I feel relieved because I have a better understanding I appreciate your time.
Yeah I understand, it just feels that being in the military, I'm at a disadvantage for several things in regards to child support and custody
The landlord that we have has “friends” in code enforcement so I feel like contacting them would be useless
as I feel the landlord has been failing to provide me with a habitable space to live in
as the elevator is out, it feels as though they have removed my option to move
i need help i dont feel safe
I feel his life is in danger and I don't know who to call to check on him.
I feel i need an attorney to speak to the judge on my behalf.
I also do not have a lot of money as I am a single mom struggling as it is so I feel very stuck
They want to put a fee on it or put a hold on it when I am not feeling good
I don't feel comfortable doing that, I called child support services, they said to go to nycourts.gov for a modification petition
My ex sends the support payments when he feels like it and he has missed a payment.
I'm disabled and I feel she is taking advantage of me
It is getting to the point where I do not feel comfortable with her being around my child
I was told there was something that I can file in emergency situation since I do not feel like the girls are safe
My tests are nagitive and I feel great no reason to be here
because now  I feel like a criminal without do anything
By the time I got home the paramedics was there tell my wife she didn't feel good but she refused
I did file for address confidentiality. And it was granted. But the judge made me give address...as I do not feel safe or confortable....
To ask my Assigned Counsel for a referral because they didn't feel comfortable giving advice about a case in an unfamiliar county
now I don't feel like to  share them anymore, do I have such right?
but my daughter and I felt rushed and don’t feel threatened or anything
and my dad will feel uncomfortable without my mom and leave
It feels like I'm paying for something else
i feel like its poking the bear if you know what i mean
With all that is going on I don't feel good knowing my child is miles away.
Where do we start if we feel she’s in an unsafe place
I really don’t feel like becoming A statistic
So, I started trying to get into fetish work to share my love of it and help some people feel more comfortable with their needs.
Due to my work, it is easier to communicate via email and would like to feel more at ease will legal advice
