The legal aid society in Rochester. What counties do they serve?
I called legal aide society this morning and that said they can't help me.
I need a referral for the NJ legal aid society
I'm looking for the contact information of   Legal Aid Society of Rockland
the number they gave me about legal aid society is 7182862000 I was not able to leave the message
I was referred by Manhattan Legal Services to Legal Aid Society re: Misdemeanor Record.
Ok I will contact legal aid society
I would prefer too talk too someone about it yes does the legal aid society do that
I contacted the legal aid society, and no one answer. I can not leave a voicemail. Do you have an email from them, please?
Is Legal Aide Society Assoc. free?
Hello, I am looking to make an appointment with immigration law unit of legal aid society
I thought the legal aid society did not deal with divorces
I tried to reach legal aid society, lines were busy.. legal serv NYC central gov hotline.. all agents busy as well
Thank you. I have been calling and leaving messages for legal aid society at central islip. They don’t call back
That's okay, I have the Legal Aid Society and LawNY's phone numbers for her.  Thank you!
I was wondering about a contact number for Legal Aid Society to assist me with getting Misdemeanors sealed.
i have been calling the number for the NY legal aid society and no one answers
I don't wish the Legal Aid Society number
for the legal aid society helpline number you gave me is wrong
i thought if i contact the legal aide society for help would that be a wise choice
The legal aid society says it's for indigent criminal cases. Does this apply to me?
Legal aide society said I’m over the limit they gave me your information
I need a functioning phone number for the Richmond county legal aide society.
I need some body like the FBI or human rights society
I looked at the Legal Aid Society and City Bar Justice websites.
Legal Aide Society housing Law Practice, is that an agency or section of the law?
I just spoke to the legal aid society they no longer take NYCHA Cases
I read the legal society prevents eviction, is this correct? I want someone out if my place not help them stay in
Thank you for Legal Aid Society information
So allison I called the legal aid society does not help with bankruptcy
The legal aid society of mid-ny couldn't help me, because they are helping the children's birth mother in a seperate court case...
Ok thank you very much should I do the legal aid society first?
you think he Coronavirus Court Hotline can help me more or the number about legal aid society can assist me more?
Ok.i tried the legal  aid society  were I live.They said they could  not help me so they gave me your web  site.
Legal Aid society of Nassau County only helps criminal defendants.   We are civil plaintiffs.
Legal Aid Society of NENY has a conflict of interest
* Citywide - The Legal Aid Society at (646) 264-1306
OR can you please confirm what the number is for the legal aid society in Queens ?
if I can't reach them over phone or email, can I just go to legal aid society to seek help?
I am trying to reach the NY Legal Aid Society
You can call the Legal Project at (518) 435-1770 and you can call the Legal Aid Society at (518) 462-6765
Hi I was reffer to legal aid society
Also just an FYI the phone number 212.426.3000 on the link provided they are closed-Legal aid society's community developement project
The legal aid society number u gave me no one seems to ever answer
Legal Aid Society of Northeastern New York located in Albany
I been calling legal aid society I keep getting the same numbers no one is available
Thank you. I'll review these. Are there any organizations, such as the Legal Aid Society, that might help with state pension eligibility disputes?
Is there a phone number for Legal Aid Society Bronx?
Oh, I thought this chat line was for Legal Aid Society!
