I can't even bring food to my room without her harassing us
We've been here for 5 years we found this room in a ad in the newspaper,
My landlord said he would need to paint the whole room now and take away my deposit
It’s normally in a room outside of the court
That I know but I’m talking about the mediation outside of the court room
the main problem is th at they sublet rooms out against their lease
I’m currently renting a room that I believe to be an illegal conversion
Other people are renting rooms here and they don't know that this is happening meanwhile this guy is taking money from everyone
I rent a room is the landlord required to give me a shelf in the refrigerator and space in the freezer
I need to get this woman inside a court room.
I may go into the court room any moment. Will you wait if i do?
I was told the mediation is not in the court  room it’s self
They won't even allow me to go into the court Room to speak up for myself
In addition, parts of the ceiling shattered down into the living /dinning room area on me.
So it’s OK people could walk in the quart room to say you do child’s father with no proof
She is to stay with us in 1 of our rooms downstairs with her 2 kids
the only warm room is my room and its still cold though i wake up freezing everyday
Hi, I'm having an issue with someone I am renting my room out
We quarreled again, she rushed into my room, hit me, I kicked her
I ordered a case summary from room 225 archives
Because he knows I'm a treat to his illegal rooming house
What does a hauser need because I have a child and I need only one room.
Last year he started toughing our things out of a room, the police came and told him he had to stop
One roomate has a room downstairs & he was getting his lost l part of his leg & then he has Covid now!!!
He told me that I'm responsible for paying $2800 for the apartment when I'm only obligated to pay for my room which is $800.
I need help with a rent room situation
Oh even better, I'm reading about something called an "emergency court room"
Are there inexpensive lawyers that can help me in the court room.
I’ve been subletting a room for 8 months
OK and while they are trying to mediate the situation who is allowed in the room
I am wondering whether the existence of a class C violation for an illegal Single Room Occupancy dwelling in itself merits a finding of harassment?
hello, i am looking to create an contract or agreement for a room rental.  is this something that would be available?
saking for phone number for the housing court help center which is in room 104 before courts were closed
If i live in a motel room can i be evicted during covid
She is living in a small room with the child and new boyfriend
Yes Hello William my name is Oliver. I am currently renting a room with my wife in an apartment
what is the location of the records room in family court?
im renting a room been here a year and a half
Resident in a semi private room tested positive and the other resident is negative. What is the protocol?
I never intended to harm anyone, I just put someone in my room because I really couldn't afford to pay while I was away
My sister was found dead in her shelter room by my mom and dad. My niece was not present.
I’m renting a room in my apartment. How do I check if a prospective roommate has evictions on there record?
however , he has never paid room & board.
Is there any specifications on how much space is needed? Does each child need their own bed? Or their own room?
Yes I know it’s outside of the court room but they have always brought us into a private little room to talk
They moved into fully furnished rooms (all the furniture is mine) and all the bills are in my name
My landlord won't let anyone in my room
I been asking for my case to be heard in another court room but it keep going back to the same lady.
Also she has no bedroom.  She sleeps on a couch in the same room as a set of bunk beds where two young boys sleep
However, due to last minute change of plans, I had to withdraw from renting the room, so I asked for a refund
I am subletting a room in an apartment and I want to move out.
I am so worried that she broke my boiler room, burn my basement and hurt my family
My attorney hasnt been representing me to the best of his ability and hasnt been much of a voice for me in the court room
A friend of mine has had trouble with someone he was suppose to be renting a room out of his home to.
I live in a Room Rental situation , Because of the corona virus shutdown as a hairdresser I'm without a job until further notice.
I am subletting a furnished spare room in the apartment (allowed by the landlord)
Is it possible to bring my friend in the court room for emotional support next time?
I am paying rent for an apartment I’m not living in, my room mates are not allowing me to leave
what if I am a tenant renting a room that rented a room
I don’t want to travel and then be told I can’t enter or that room is closed
1. coming into your room without notice and talking to you while you're on the phone with a client
No I am locked in my room, that's all they did was change my room
Yes my son is in his room or me and fiance room with us.
I need to show up on the 20th. It is from an old rommate that I rented my room while I was traveling
that was my understanding of the law, too. I wasn't in the court room that day
Am I allowed to invite anyone into the room as well
my coop is locate above the boiler room which make a lot of noise i address to superintendent and management but they dont  do nothing
Its a 4 bedroom but she wanted to make on of the room her plant room and the other her office space
on July 5th my niece Jeanette was found deceased in her room
If I do a petition to the court to make changes in support,  how do I get it out of the magistrate court room.
Wait, let me paste this in the correct order. I was talking in the RAINN chat room and they referred me to this service.
the little girl is 5. Sometimes the mother locks them in their room
And if they did give us one who will be allowed in the room to speak with the mediator
