His girlfriend has a restrain order against  him and they been living together for couple years now
can a couple that married and live together still receive child support ?
I need information how to get a free divorce but we have a child together under18
also can i file custody while living together
thank you molly, get it together! This was a waste of my time
also since she is married does her and her income count together against mine for child support
My son is always with me. We made decisions together and he paid rent as child support. It was our agreement.
I have my doubts on paternity but they are both saying they were together during that time frame
tfhey are unmarried but own home together and have resided together their for almost 11years together at least
hello, I was a newborn and his father and I do not live together
granted we were not supposed to be around each other but we have three kids together
okay what if they were separated and got back together after the child support has been established
(hi!  I'm waiting for a few others to finish up but we will debrief together)
We worked it out in conversation wanting to drop the case all together
How will family services help me? We have no kids together
I had known him for about a year and hung out together with other friends together a few times
Is for my ex husband but we still live together
my parner is married with someone else. We just a have a baby together. I want to know the process of an Order of Affiliation
Yes and we want to know how to proceed. We want to be placed back together in a family sheltet
We had a baby together in may, we’re no longer together a
we have 3 kids together. I don't think he will disagree with anything but I still want a lawyer
You been married with her for 1 year living together but now you’re divorce with her can she charge you for child support?
No I have been getting paper work for them together to send in. LOL this house would NEVER pass.
I would like to know how can I close my child support case, me and my husband got back together
My husband and I live together with his parents in a two family house
He still wanted us to be together. We are still. But he hold it over my head.
Can I file Gf-1 again together with GF-17. When I file GF-1
That me and my partner can’t enter the shelter together
We have a legal separation 2009 for 2 to 4 years  we get back together til 2020 he leaves again are we still separated legally?
My partner(woman) is married to someone else but they are not together
I would like to ask if I can get a free legal support to go to the hearing together
Custody and visitation set up hopefully together
one other child is his, we have two children together
One party moved with the child to NY from Ohio, where the parents had been living together and raising their child.
Can I file for a unconstented divorce if we have a child together but do not want to go to custody court
Ok great. We just lived in an apartment but didn’t own a house together or anything
I be living separately from my husband from last November we have two kids together he not assisted me in anyway
It is uncontested and we have not lived together for10 months.
Thanks so much I’m so trying hard to keep it together but it has me terribly depressed
Now that I'm sober and have my life together, but he isn't she's trying to keep my daughter from mw.
Yes cause they just bought a house together and they have a lot of income coming in now
But before the hearing I cannot appear together with the person I filed this order against
If a couple mutually wants to legally separate, is it necessary to have 1 of them move out, or can they actually still live together?
I emailed the petition and documents in PDF all together..
The and case we had together was because she was smoking during pregnancy and my child tested positive on weed
I forgot to mention that I want visitation, overnight stays, weekends and possible custody until my daughters get themselves together
Our taxes our always done correct but it seems that all the acct we open together and some separate has each other ssn for credit
I suggested lets open together for present income. But he refused strongly.
Me n my Girl friend sign a partnership together now I need to close it
the girl still goes and visits my son and they want to be involved together but now the mother doesn't let her
can I send her the forms to look at while we fill them out together?
Ok also would like to know if you have a domestic partnership and live together can you be charged for support during that time
we don't live together since 2 years
We have been back together for a lil over 6months and hope to get married within a year God willing
Would filing jointly go against the fact that we haven’t been together for 6 months?
My kids father are back together. An shouldnt pay child suport while we live together and take carw of the kids together
Do I get custody first, and then file for support, or file them both together?
The non custodial parent and I now live together and split all the bills
It is the elipses are very close together and the three options are very hard to hit with m.s.
yes i separated from my partner and now i don't want to get back together with him so i would like to divorce
okay so it just gets put together in the court case?
Can you please put all those three sites together then I’ll take a picture instead of saving them.
We don’t have any kids together or anything else
yes, we came in USA together and still together
Because it states the courts determines the income of the two parents together...
He had me sign a lease and we never lived together
Hearn I move in there I pay security /month together
