I currerntly pay support for both of my sons, however my oldest son is living with me but I am stillpaying child support tohis other
Good evening, I have a few questions regarding my son and custody
My son was involved in a false/ positive urine which resulted in keep lock shu and a transfer
My ex is denying me visitation and when I can see my son and when I can’t and for how long
My son is special needs child, he has autism.
Hello I’m looking to file for physical custody of my son
Hi I have a few questions regarding custody of my son
a statement of my son’s child support
and I did not press any charges on my son because there was a misunderstanding about the license plate
My sons father owes child support . My son is 26 now. Does my son have a right to his stimulus check?
My sons father refuses to give permission
I want to give the guardian of my son to my mom
My son father violated the agreement . Yes on line but I have to get the documents notarized
I need legal advocacy for my Son. I want to Appeal the decision to deny SSI. Where can I find help in Buffalo, NY?
my mother has custody of my son and we are trying to modify the custody back to me
My mom wants to request legal custody for my son. My son and I lived with her, now my son will continue living with her.
My ex is refusing me visits with my son and choosing when and how long I can see him for
Just in case the father of my son would not respect this kind of legal document
How do I go about filing for legal guardianship of my son who is autistic turning 18 to make decisions for him
I need to file for child support for my son
Hi! My son died 3/23 of virus, and I am in Fl and his only relative.
I’m interested in knowing what can I do to file for custody of my son
YES. thank you. My son's father is neglecting him and I think he has an addiction
My son has had two brain surgeries  and needs looking after although he is 31.
Me and sons father want to change sons last.name how can we do this
I'm writing because my son's father died for covid
Well my son is 28 does he fall into juviniley
I need help getting  documents  for me saying that  I am the father   to my son
I’m having issues with getting my sons mother to allow me to visit my son or even speak on the phone with him
My husband and I are separated and I need custody of my son
I need help because cps are not trying to give me my son back
I need help finding documents to start a court case with the intent to change the physical and primary custody of my son
the sons of the passed owner don’t want to give me back my security what can I do?
my sons father has NOT paid any kind of child support and I need the help
My son is Joe seeley din number is 11641 7
My son father and his family are illegal immigrants. Can he request visitation for our son?
my sons father hasn’t paid child support for a year how do u go about it
I do not want this man near. Me or my son but idk what to do
I’d like to file for child support. I have physical custody of my son.
Has  been directed towards child support i really need help. I have a 3 yr old son
I will like to file custody so I can get my son back
I just want to know what to apply for to evict her son
Sons name is Brian he was born Nov. 1975
However my sons father absolutely refuses to let me see or speak to my son..
I lost the court day and until this day I havent been able to see my son
That’s my son email or do you need mines the grandma
I did not let my son go to his visitation this past weekend bc I was worried for his safety
also the fact that he does not want to see his son
I'm here to find out how I can get cutemporary custody of my son to my father?
I need a lawyer. My ex husband is keeping me from seeing my son.
I do not want support for my son, nor visitation or custody for the father, just to have my son and him leave us alone.
His dad is not out for my son best interest he does not like him.   How do I get the forms to my son
We have misplaced our copy and need proof to see our son.
i need help on changing myself to the payee on case my mother opened on my sons father when i was underage at the time
and has not shown any signs of being present in his sons life
Hi, I need to find out how custody works if I go into the military. I have a 15 yr old son and am single.
My son lives with me now. How can I terminate support order
but my son doesn’t want to go over there I offered he come visit him at my house
Ok but I am the only with my son what do I do drag him with me after keeping him inside and away from everyone
I need a letter from my son’ s child support statement please
My son was refused help from county hospital in which he goes to for over 10 years
I want to increase the amount I receive for my son
Thanks Charles that's my son's name.
my son will be emancipated in May 28th of this year. How do I inform the courts about terminating child support?
Yes, my son and I do. His father lives in TN.
Ok so i have joint custody of my son, i pay my sons father child support because he resides with his father primarily
no. costudy and visitation have been finalized back in 2015, but now my oldest son lives with me in GA. he is 16.
My son aunt went to Brooklyn court to fill custody of my son without giving me papers
Hi, I am looking to file for custody of my son.
My sons father died and I no longer have the paperwork and wanted to know if the court still has the documentation
But I have to return to ny as soon as possible because I have a son there that needs me
My son and his girlfriend have a 10 month old son. The mother is considering moving out of state.
*child support from my son's dad is what I meant in the begining
Can I fill for child support in NYC if  I live there and my son has turned 18
I need help filling a petition for custody of my son.
i have a screenshot of him saying that was high with my son is that evidence
sorry my son is affected by autism and epilepsy
I need to file for custody of my son in Rockland county I'm the father of the child.
my x wife isnt respecting our custody visitation schedule for my son. keeps taking our days
She never want me to share time with my son
hey I need to file custody for my son where do get the papers
my son is with someone who says he is not the son of Glen
My son does not have a fathe ron his birt cetificate
I want to request supervised visits for my son and ex husband
I have custody of my son, and his father ( the non custodial) is planning to move out to California in September
I have full sole legal custody and placement of my son since he son.
i just wanted to file for custody for my two sons
There is not no has there ever been any sort of court order preventing me from seeing my son
but I want if is possible to claim the all the justody of my son
My son has temporary custody of his son but mother is still gettin money for him he has court papers to prove it
Do I have any rights to see my son at time of delivery?
For the past 11 years I've been trying to see my son. The mother lost custody and the grandma has custody.
i’m trying to get visitation of my son
Theres many reason why i don't trust him with my son alone
I want to know if I can have all the justody of my son he’s 4 months
seeking custody of my 18 month old son
Where can I go to put a custody petition in for my son
In the first certificate when my son born he has no father
me and my sons father was never married and  my son lives with me I want to move out of state
Especially because I don't want to lose custody or visitation of my son
Hi I really hate my sons father
Hello. I am trying to file for custody of my son.  I do not know where to start
I'm the grandmother my son  is the father  but they said we can't see him. until he 18
My son was, living with me and left when he turned 18
I have a question about my son who will be turning 20 this December
I need an aggressive  attorney to help me gain back my son. I live in California.
is for poor communication with ex in shared custody of our son
Hello good evening my name is Christina Jimenez,  at this time i do receive child support from my sons father for almost 3-4 years.
Hi, I am looking to file for custody of my son, but i am unsure of how to go about doing this during covid.
I’m seeking direction for harrassment from my sons girlfriend and the man of which she’s having an affair with.
Currently there is a young woman claiming that my son is the father of her daughter
But I need one filed on behalf of my son now too
Morning i know who my son father is but he is mot doing nothing caused paternity wasn't made.
Yes, it is my son that is failing his classes. He went from a 92 GPA to a 64GPA
The grandfather called me yesterday saying that his son wants to kill me
my son's father metal health isn't right
I set up an in trust stock account for son.
I want to modify my family visitation for my son
ok you can see my son's cause number
I will like to find out more info on how can I go forward to filing custody for my 3yr old son
I have a custody settlement with my 3 yea old son.
I want to know how to obtain the custody of my son in court what do I have to do
Hi, I have a question regarding child visitation for my son.
The thing is these when we get marry he wants to give my son his name because he dont have a father
I have a join custody for my son and the father doesnt want to sign so I can get my son's passport
I found out through my son who shared his location with me via cellphone
My son was born on Sept 2 and was remove from the hospital on Saturday
Hi Mike, I need advise on legal right as a nonresident mom, getting custody of my American citizen son...
she does not have full custody of my son. he spends one week with me and one week with her. i supply whatever he needs
Why can't I just get a straight answer how to evict son who illegally entered with permission of owner /parent
i have  a couple questions on how to go about getting rights to seeing my son
My previous landlord his son is the one forcing is father to sue
I WOULD LIKE TO SHARE CUSTODY OF MY SON. MY SON'S MOTHER WILL NOT LET ME SEE HIM
What forms do my son has to fill out to get on his son birth certificate and he wants full custody of his son
so my new husband wants to become a parental gaurdian for my son.  My ex husband is not in the picture. I have full custody
My land had passed and his three sons are in control of his estate.
hi I’m trying to figure out how to take my son father off child support we got married 08-29-20
My son is 18 and I want the payments to go directly to him
I'm just divorced and I have the physical child custody of my son
My husband wants to adop my oldest son who is 17  and is not his son, how can i do that?
My son had his face cut and required 34 stitches at a prison
I need legal help for visitation with my son
Hi - I am looking to find and learn how to set up a mediation for myself and my sons father
he has threatened to take our son in the past so that is why i am so fearful
I am trying to file for shared custody of my son
My ex and I used to have shared custody of our son. MY son just moved in with me full time two months ago.
My son has been found ‘not competent’ to stand for trial. But Mid-Hudson has until 2/23 to make him such. What? Really?!!!
I’m trying to file Modification papers for my son to come live with me
i need to flie for child support my son isgoing to be 18 n his dady is not helping at all
my son's father owes me child support through and i want to file disciplinary action against him
my son turned 18 January 24th
she has said that my son may want to be with me but that his opinion doesn’t matter because he is 7
I want to know how to establish custody of my son
Hello, is it possible for me to file for visitation/custody for my son on-line?
I used to have custody before with my son before but I want to change the agreement custody
No. Daughter in-law was married to my son they have divorced.
placed in foster care on Sunday. I want custody of my son and for him me out the system
Hello. I have some concerns about my son's we'll fare.
She started making false accusations about my son.
She is seeking custody  of her son who is with he is living with his aunt  who wants to adopt and was given custody
the biological father said my son should go be a essential worker and he is not paying no more
My son is the father and his ex girlfriend has primary physical custody.
the gaurdians I want to temporarily take my 3rd son are them
I tried addressing the guardian ad litem for my son but received no response either
I hv physical custody but not legal. My son's Legend and Zaire Williams 9 yrs and 3yrs old
But the other part of me wants to hold him accountable and fight for my son
