I'm sorry going on four years
ok no problem, and perfect think I'm all set sorry for the barrage haha
I'm still good for about 20 minutes 😊
but post office says only if I'm executor i can do that
thanks, but I just checked and I'm not in one of the right to counsel zip codes
I'm in the UK and faster think I'm being scammed
Its been a nightmare and my boss was very uncaring . I'm sorry about your uncle .
I think I need to be referred to legal advise just because I'm afraid I dont know much of what im doing
im a non citizen and married in the philippines not here
That's the number I'm calling from a week now I'm getting no-one
Both organizations won't provide legal services? Sorry I'm not positive I read the message correctly.
With me. But I'm being threatened that she will take her with force if need be
O I'm sorry, legal representation please
I'm ready to schedule on the court calendar
is ok im a good mother im always be  im not  like  him i love my son
No problem. It's helpful to have a second set of eyes to confirm I'm not crazy.
Interesting…, So how in the world would I have familiarity with EDDS when I'm not even versed in legal matters
But because I'm in Chicago I can't get help here n nyc won't help cause I'm not there
Im am interested in form for a 14 day letter
My internet dropped for a second, so I'm hoping we are still connected!
I'm sorry that should have said my grandson was born severely drug-addicted
Ooopppsss I received your message too late sorry
im going thru a cris matter
Yes. I'm sorry. They told me www.nycourthelp.gov is that right?
i'm surprised that there is no direct clerk line for this.
I'm sorry,  thank you for your time. I will pursue with your advice.
I will need to do that also as I'm basically doing everything.
Im juzt worried a judge will think im not fit to be a mom because i sought out mental help and will grant him custody
I'm on SSD & very tiny retirement of $601.
They take it, but I am not on Section 8   at all.  I'm just a retired worker.
I'm sorry I for got ask: how much time do we have?
I'm on SSI I'm very limited with money
Im an undocumented immigrant,i am wondering if there are any benefits i can recieve as im really struggling
Thank you. I'm going to save a transcript of this conversation so I have all this down
Right so I'm collecting but my supervisor called saying I'm refusing work I don't understand
I'm sorry I'm using voice text and just seen what was texted
I'm heading toa meeting but this is so important
oh no, i checked and i'm not in one of those zip codes
I'm wondering if it's possible that you can help me with an attorney's name on a case I'm involved in
I’m sorry The question was not about divorce, it was about separation. Sorry if i confused you
I have a baby and I'm scared cz of the covid
AND I WANT HER REMOVED BECAUSE IM MORE THAN CAPABLE OF TAKING CAE OF MYSELF
OK, I think I'm going to have to shoot them en email.
Im afraid I may come hime and be locked out
i checked and i'm not in one of the eligible zip codes
i'm guessing none of them will help me because i'm not from NY.
i'm 57 I was hoping to retire at 65.
I'm seeking possible legal help
im having trouble downloading the court documents for custody
Im sued in monroe which is far by an hour
ty im upstate near canada
Sorry for the chopped up messages, I was using my speaker
See that's why I'm confused then why would the cop tell me that I'm not allowed to take my daughter?
thats the same web page im currently on.
omg I'm so embarrassed I'm sorry
I'm filling out my rji and I have a couple if questions.
Hello? im sorry one more question
I'm just wondering what I'm entitled to if I take my former landlord to court
I rented out an illegal basement,  I'm not the landlord.  I'm out of work
ok i'm taking a deep breathe
I wish. Maybe. I'm in deep shit with IRS. Any suggestions?
I'm looking for guidance on my right as my landlord is selling the single family home I'm renting and he wants me to vacate
I shrank our screen and found it.  I'm not good with this stuff. Can you help me understand if I'm eligible.
i'm at my wit's end and really could use some support and guidance
how much is chapter 7 im on ssi
you're not the judge/court, i'm well aware of that
Never been through this kind of stuff I’m sorry
Also, im sorry. If im married in another state and pregnant with my spouse where im trying to relocate will this affect my case?
Sorry is anyone on or is this an automated system sorry
Im sorry, are there any other legal services near Albany that I can contact?
Yes, I'm forgetting the right legal term for this, sorry.
I'm sorry that I am so bad at this, I am an Ohioan and was driving through the area
Im sorry, not custody, I meant child support
Where is the link? I'm sorry, I don't see it
Im in Texas, the courtorder was in Jefferson Country
Now I'm not eating or sleeping for fear of flooding again
ok Thank you. I'm not positive where it even is yet. I'm assuming in the county I live in
yes im on that but im confused if i should file both at the same time?
cronic noise, i do not write good inglihs sorry...
No right now I'm in the fourteen (14) days period to "cure"
I have a lot of debt and I'm thinking about declaring bankruptcy
I'm currently in default and would like to know is it possible to have my case heard in court. I'm on hardship at the moment
I wrote everything down as we went. I'm good
I'm afraid, and again, I'm not making money
Im a foster parent and im looking.for help
sorry im at work and got a call
It's to the point where I'm just ready go give up because of how stressful this really it on me.
im sorry I did not save the last information quick enough
I'm not filing the estate - I filed to contest the will - I assume that's different
Thank you. Im still here when you're ready
im sorry the page said it was not found- the last one you just sent me
Hello Ashley I'm filling out general form 17 and I'm a little confuse.
I'm married but not with the person since 2017 im with someone else and we recently had a baby I recieved a lettebd
im going through a lot with a narcissistic ex partner
so teh bill im rec. is from his private practice
Sorry, I meant that's what I'm asking. Thanks.
im sorry I’m not to familiar with the terminology but exactly !,,, FAMILY COURT ORD
I"m helping my father-in-law to fill in the DIY Small Estate affidavit form but I'm having a bit of trouble
I had hoped to retire at 65, I'm  57 now.
I'm an essential worker and my main concern is God for bid if I'm infected with COVID19 I have no place to quarantine myself
Does that help? I'm sorry I'm not too familiar with this stuff
I'm not asking for my situation, I'm just saying in theory
I'm sorry   I just thought  someone could call me.  That's all .
Is there any service that further explains how to fill out these papers. Im reading them and they seem a bit confusing
I’m sorry I don’t know what do you mean by that
Sorry it's a lot and really confusing. Hard to explain in text.
I'm not in a right to counsel zip code, is there anyone else that can help me?
Im From Jersey City Nj I don’t want nothing to do with the Bronx I will pay
Also I'm the aunt if I'm filling against the mother and father do I have to do 2 different forms?
But from March to October im going to be jeopardized
i'm sorry i will not do that so he can really harm her or she hurts herself even more cause of the abuse
Hi, I'm sorry to bother you with a non-legal question but I really appreciate your help.
I'm on short term disability now I'm sending child support 100$ a week because I'm only receiving 400$ a week
With both parties there because I'm stationed in Turkey right now
I'm not the landlord,  it's an illegal basement , I'm out of work , and this is why I did something stupid
I'm concerned because of the life insurance policy I will be disqualified for the medicaid I'm receiving.
I have a spa business, im located in Brooklyn
I'm ok... I'm looking for advice.... I'm in a pickle
im sorry i have a situation with my ex husband
I'm in the middle of drawn out divorce. I just found out I'm pregnant with my boyfriend. There is no doubt he is the father.
UGH, not Hathaway, I meant support that had been paid, sorry
i have one more question! sorry i forgot this one
Sorry for all that ashlee but that's the meat and potatoes
Hi, I'm Louis and I need help with a saving a petition
Im sorry but it states custody/visitation modifications. Is that what im doing?
I'm aware that they won't be wiped out. I just need my tax refund not to be garnished.
taking it there I think is better too. I'm just afraid they will trash it
I'm not in NYC I'm in Oneida county
im sorry her classes start at 9 am
so confusing all of this stuff, um im reading through it now
I'm also 17 my mom is willing to sign for emancipation
I would be, im confused as to how fill these papers out
I'm sorry by the way I don't think I introduced myself, my name is Tom.
I'm sorry sold the house. 2 times in 3 years because they came back.
I have a spa business and im in orange zone
I'm done. I'm just writing the info you sent me. Have a great week
im sorry for the delay my internet is lagging
its well past that now and I'm still resiveing benfits
I'm just letting you know where it is incase someone else needs it
He use to live in Albany I'm sorry
Im aware, my request is what that direct email would be as well what forms I'm meant to actually be filling
Obviously I'm  guy and I'm afraid of being discriminated against .  I'm sure my spouse will contest the divorce.
i saw that already....which form do i used im really dont know how to fill that out im not a lawer ..:(
Hi -- I'm a legal advocate and I'm looking for NYCHA operating materials, such as a guidebook, operating manual, or something similar.
im never late but throwing that out there as well
im thinking a creditor screwed up applying payments
im planning on handling this matter through self representation
Ok I hope I can do this. As I'm so not computer savvy. Up by the share ?
Sorry, i know i'm long winded.
And I'm getting the runaround on this website I'm confused
I'm not an employee you see that's the point
im being sued by Citibank and my wages are in danger of being garnished.
im not in buffalo though im in rochester ny
Im currently in mediation and theres a chance my unborn childs father is not the man im in mediation with
im so sorry I know im struggle with all this I have no idea what im doing
i'm very scared because i don't know if i'm liable
Celine, I'm sorry last time I waited so long the chat literally discontinued  .. about how lon g?
I would like to know if I'm still legally married to someone or I'm not anymore
im disputing the charge with my cc but they aren’t helping
can I fill an orden of protection while im in spain?
I'm lost when it comes to matters like this. I appreciate this. Have a nice weekend.
thank you  im sorry i care for mom had to run
I'm on UHC Community Plan through medicaid.
im lookin the form for affidavit of all my records and profe
I'm so happy to hear that  :) I have a question but there's kind of a long story behind it.
I'm sorry yes they already said they seek child support they will not take matters of disputes
Yes I'm sorry one was born in 2000
I'm waiting to hear back from a child custody litigator.  Im just losing my mind and needed a yes or no answer
Thank you so much! Im sorry i just have very little knowledge about this
Oops.  That's right.  Sorry.  Perhaps you can direct me...
And I'm approved. My question is about certifying each week.
I'm not NYC. I'm upstate NY. Totally different
They are asking me for $1,200 extra I'm sorry for the typo
sorry meant to say that i have to wait im typing fast and my nerves are actin up
Hi Lucas. I'm Neil in Washington DC
I'm technologically delayed so I pray that I can figure it out
I'm a painter with extrodinary abilitie and I want H-1B visa
I’m sorry I don’t understand what you mean about the disclaimer
im going through legal matters with my husband that may result in incarceration
No need they never help nor do they care about me unless I im paying for one which im not
Yes i am giving you background sorry I'm at work and on a NOTE 9
sorry for the capital letters, im not yelling! lol
So technically I'm not laid off anymore, but let go
SORRY _ She HAS received letters from Equifax about choosing new credit monitoring and coverage. Sorry.
I'm sorry can you send me that information again I lost it
my petition was not saved - sadly - but im logged in
Alright. I'm sorry! I just wasn't sure. The online one confused me.
I'm I also covered under section 233
I'm sorry I misunderstood my husband question... Are you helping inmates with 8 years or more in to get home?
I'm being evicted for non payment but there's reason for it.
