I NEED A LAWYER TO GET THE IMPOSTER MADE CLAIM OF MY APRIL 3 1982 CAR ACCIDENT FROM 1800ALLSTATE
I live in NJ but my car accident happened in NY
OK MY SON RECEIVED A SUMMON ON A CAR ACCIDENT FROM 2017. WHAT DO WE DO? WE HAVE NO LAWYER
need legal advice about a summons for a past car accident
I am receiving a document telling I had a demand regarding a car Accindent
I have been calling attornys for 37 years for my car accident case
Is there any way to get my name off of a car load that I co-signed for?
My car was repo and the creditor has sent me to court and the court want to filled money judgment against me
THE PLAINTIFF SAYS SHE HAS SERVER INJURIES AND CAR DAMAGE.  AS PER THE PAPER I AM READING.
my son has been involved in a traffic stop and was arrested while he was driving my car
Hi. I was in a car accident. I was not at fault. However the other driver has no insurance and my car was totaled.
my ex and i broke up i have the  car and he wants it back
and they bribed SSA TO THREATEN ME I HAVE TO FAKE A CAR ACCIDENT
I was given the runaround in regards to who towed the car and then eventually dealer told me that he did
in 2013 I was in a really bad car accident and haven’t been able to work since
I want a  fabricated copy of 1800Allstate claim of my 1982 car accident to know who collected my eight broken bones settlemenz
my car accident happened in Queens NY
he thought I added my new registration and plates already on my car
STEALING MY IDENTITY FORGING MY SIGNATURE AND CLAIMING MY CAR ACCIDENT IS A CRIME
it is a crime for car accident injured not to find a lawyer for 38 years
i bought a car from facebook from some one that i know
My car was struck by a light post at a parking lot at a Mall
I was in a rearend car accident 12/21/07 and broke my back in two locations.    I was heavily medicated and was powerless over this situation
I got my oil changed at Monroe Muffler last Thursday and about fifteen minutes after I left, my car burst into flames
How can I find information on used car implied warranty or lemon law?
Hi yes I’m looking for a lawyer who can help with two car accidents
the next day I saw him again and he gave hit me twice and shoved me in my car
one day this guy showed up in a really nice car, nicer car then ive ever seen in my life
Car accident property damage only. I need legal help
Hi, would like to know what resources are available to me.  My car was vandalised by my neighbors mentallly disturbed grandson.
Rochester is about 3 hrs away I believe. My family does not own a car
I am not sure if the rental car company or the towing company should be listed as the defendant
One of Honda car service Deler charge me 5time for a same issue
The clothing I bought him, food, car insurance, a new car, tow truck services,football tickets, gas for his car
I need some help on what should I do . Getting sued for negelence on motor vechiel when I was the car owner not the driver
So, I purchased a car with $3000 down and I financwed the balance on 3/16/20.
i co signed for a car im trying to to switch it over to the other person who is the insured driver
Hi, I’m looking for free legal advice regarding a car accident. Am I on the right website?
We bought a used car from a dealership. We've made one payment and now the motor needs to be replaced
If I have information on someone that steals cars what evidence do I need to bring forward to the courts ?
I don't want anything from him other than my car and the ability to see my dogs or take one of them
MY CAR ACCIDENT HAPPENED IN QUEENS NY
Yes, although I was not in the car, I was not driving. It was registered & insured in my name
In November of 2014 I believed I was signing an auto loan with Santander Consumer USA for a $15,000 car.
Oh this was from a car that I returned and the amount was 8000 now 18000. Anything I can do? It was from 2002.
I went to family court and they told me that they have nothing to do with the release of my car
so i bought a car from facebook but the car is not a good car
I recently had my car towed away by landlord telling tow company it was a anandoned car
He forged my signature claimed my car accident fabricated my car information said I was not injured and closed the claim
The rent was caught up then before I could pay September I stopped.working September 20 in a car accident
and also loan money towards the car
I need a lawyer to help me with a no fault car accident
I was recently in a minor car accident-no one got injured and the damage was on the cars mainly
he stole my 3 million dollars default judgment for my NY MTA car accident and 8 broken bones
I am 82 and having seizures and cannot drive and want to get out of a car lease how can I do that
Once i asked for receipts of the parts they started getting nasty and rude and threatened to take parts off my car
THEY ALL BRIBED NOT TO TAKE MY CASE I CALLED THEM BECAUSE MY CAR ACCIDENT WAS WITH NYMTA BUS MY CAR AND THE BUS CRASHED
I just received an evictions letter. I was in car accident out of work and is behind in rent
but as a requirement, my mother needs to return the marriage ring and necklace, and car
a car that costs me $1000/month just payment and insurance
hi, I received a SUMMONS to appear in the Bronx County because of a car accident
DMV ceased the car which I paid 15K for
A sales agent  in a car dealership misled me to extract lumpsome money fr. me
The dealership repurchased the car on 5/22 after I made the payment on the 18th
DMV is going to suspend my car registration because of unpaid tolls
except For it’s your problem now....on a car I payed 30k$ for an now needs a engine
I had a rental car that was towed, so the rental car company had to pick up the vehicle
i literal have 60-80 left to play after child support a car payment and my housing expenes
i got a bad car financing and car was repo I need a lawyer to help with that
I live in  NYC area and the Rep. at Motor Vehicle Informed me that Dealer gave me the wrong Title of the Car.
Hi Goodmorning my car was towed and now neither the police nor the tow company knows where my car is
no a judgment was filed against me I think it’s civil I don’t know but it was a car accident
If I have to take $800 a week and rent a car for 230 a week it's not worth it
I was only given notice to remove my car within days but they had it towed in 3
i have gotten my release forms but they still can not release my car
They told me I need a letter from a district attorney and I have the letter to release my car
and she will come to the car every Friday and start an argument
they are very ill chronic stage 4 cirrohis live in car
MEANWHILE TELLING ME I CAN NOT CLAIM MY CAR ACCIDENT BECAUSE MY POLICY EXPIRED
Her car insurance doesn't want to help us to fix our car when it was their clients fault
I got the ticket 08/23/18 my kids was in the car they are age 10 and 14 I was not on my phone
My car have bluetooth I would not need to hold the phone to my left ear
I did have a car issue with my insurance but I know that court date is later in the year
ALSO LAWYERS SPECIALLY CAR ACCIDENT ATTORNYS SHOULD NOT HAVE THE CHOICE TO PICK AND CHOOSE WHICH CASE TO TAKE
NOW I AM WRITING EVERY LAWYERS NAMES THAT I CALLED AND THEY ARE CAR ACCIDENT LAWYERS BUT DID NOT TAKE MY CASE. THAT IS DISCRIMINATION
I was hit by a car and placed in a psychiatric ward and given a misdiagnoses condition
I was a store to buy and a tow truck company that towed my car!!!  I need to find a lawyer.
I’m sorry I am handicapped and need to get from on car to another
Hello, my car  was hit while it was parked by a driver using a rental car company. That company denied to pay for any damages
It was from a car accident I did not cause someone in the accident is suing me for negligence and carelessness in  motor vehicle accident.
now the nypd took my car and they won’t release it at all
I am behind in my rent had a car accident and I been out of work
Now me and my family is stranded in Albany where we live and can’t move around without a car.
only have put 5k miles on this car since purchasing
they did not find anything illegal stuff in the car
I wanted to subpoena Michael Kalkin's my 1982 Allstate Agent's fabricated claim of my 4-3-1982 car accident
they abused me for 38 years did not let me claim my car accident
because they stole my 8 broken bones settlement under either the fabricated rented car that they created
I wasn't driving the car when the accident happen ed
