yea the supreme court of new york county of kings
residence  in Manhattan case is in Kings County
Brooklyn King County New York
I just tried after your response....bronx, kings and NY. No results.
Yes the case was opened in NYC. Kings county to be exact
for the state of new york county of kings
Oh ok understood . Yes brooklyn kings
although the court order was done in kings county
Yes kings county family court order protection
how can i file a custody petition in kings county online?
I am trying to find a live voice to ask wether or not my file anything with the kings county courts divorce papers?
Hello Jeremie, just wanted the email for filing for Visitation rights in Kings County
Brooklyn, King and I found on 330 Family court
Yes, she also resides in kings county, her Medicare coverage provides for 100 days and its almost time
do you have a phone number for probono in kings county brooklyn
What would be my first step to file for custody of a child in NYC, Kings county
county of kings state of new york
Its a child support case in family court located in kings county. Which is in Brooklyn New York
Latoya, I'm not a resident of NY but my custody hearing was there at Kings county.
Can you provide the link to a Petition to Modify Visitation in Kings County Family Court
Kings county court family court
Thank you, do you know if its possible in Kings county?
The child support order is in Kings County, NY.
it’s for an order of protection/change of location for meet up & drop offs, kings county
Im located in Brooklyn Kings County
Thank you.  I see kings county supreme but we used family court
i currently live in Kings county Brooklyn ny
i've been trying to call kings county housing court non stop and i can't reach them
Kings county court in Brooklyn new york
I was convicted in Kings County Supreme Court  use to be 360 Adams Street. Brooklyn, Ny 11201
The order was made in Kings county, New York
hello. I have a court date scheduled for this week and my documents were misplaced. It is a child support case in kings county Brooklyn.
Can I please have info for FJC in Kings county?
I need a custody lawyer in kings county
New York Brooklyn Kings County
kings county i want to change the amount am paying right  its way to much now
Adoption papers say Kings County.  I was in Brooklyn until 1979
I found a list for New York and Kings Counties but can't locate the justices in the others
I have been trying to send some information to the court in Ny Kings County
Hi! I've emailed my petition of violation of child support yesterday to kings county family court
although the family ct. matter is in Kings
I live in Kings but all of our proceedings were in Richmond County
FYI, I reside in kings county and support order is in suffolk county
no, just  one page from Kings County Civil Court
Well he died in Kings County - Brooklyn
We lived in Brooklyn which I believe is in Kings County
I already left a voicemail at the Kings County Civl court
I'm lives in Kings county (Brooklyn) but the incident happen in Queens at my job.
Just the account number and letting me know that I am able to file for a court date. Kings county
I'm the one who was raped by my cousin...it happened in Kings county
Looking to file papers to obtain custody. I went to efile for Kings County, but their website has a broken link
Hi Olivia,  I would like to know how to specifically go about claiming any surplus monies from a foreclosure auction with Kings County NY
I was born in kings county Brooklyn my mother never was married
Unfortunately, I do not know. I believe it to be Kings county but may also be Manhattan county
Home is located in kings county Brooklyn
ok. I also see there’s a volunteer lawyer at kings county family court
i would like the number for brooklyn family court kings and to be connected with lift
thank you, yes i live in kings county
Yes, Kings County Family Court
I think the county clerk's office is part of Kings County Supreme Court. This POA isn't relevant to a court proceeding
I have a few questions about the petition for administraton in kings county
Yes, please. I would like to have the Kings County Family Court's number
Kings County Family Court Help Tel Number.
Yes. But is that site for Kings County Supreme Court ?
criminal court.  old case from 20 years ago.  the attorney must be in kings county
I need help filing an estate in kings county greater than $50k.
address is 3405 kings high way apt 5g brooklyn new york
kings county and i'm having an issue regarding having a lease takeover
Yes. But my client is open to going to Kings County, Bronx, Staten Island, or Queens County
no. I am a resident of middlesex county, ma but received 2 tickets in Kings county
how can i obtain a a copy of my support court order from family courts in kings county, brooklyn ny?
I live in Ohio but the case is in Kings County
The property is in  Kings county. I am in Nassau County
Kings county Brooklyn new york
I live  on 4fl. In 10/18 my daughter (also a tenant, fell to her death . In kings county brooklyn,ny
ok thanks --where do i file for a civil action --whcih Kings County Court
Kings county. Brooklyn New York
I just need an email address for kings county IDV-2 court
Brooklyn Kings County Family Court
Hi I’m having trouble finding a lawyer with your online system.  Can you please connect me with one for divorce in Kings County
The respondent resides in MA. The alleged incident happened in MA. Petitioner was living in Brooklyn and filed for order in Kings Family Court.
Where would I go to get a copy of my divorce decree? My ex filed in kings county I live in Colorado does it matter?
Hi. If im living in montgomery county and my kids are with their father in kings county, where should a case be opened up?
NEW YOUK STATE KINGS COUNTY FAMILY COURT
yeah well.. i'm still calling kings county housing court and they still won't pick up
New York King's County family court
Hi I was wondering what are the filing dates are for kings county courts during the corona virus
