the ex is abusing the kids.. his family members are convicted sex offenders ..
its a bogus call just to obtain information, there is no abuse
I am looking for legal services for a divorce case that involves infidelity, domestic abuse, verbal abuse, and negletfulneds of child
im looking for resources to obtain safe housing for a victim of identity theft by an abuser
my daughter lives with me now because I call social services because her mother was abusing her mentally and physically
Ok but this would be a voluntary placement. She hasn't been accused of neglect or abuse
i just want to know where I can report the abuse that went on
im planning on getting a divorce. I had to pretty much “run away” from my abusive husband in October
I am being emotionally abused by him for more than 20 yrs. I am willing to end this marriage too
She was abusing Suboxone for a weekend and I think she is in rehab
feel as though sister is abusing her hcp status during mother's current hospitalization and looking to see if this requires a lawyer?
I was wondering if my spouse wants to talk to me about court but he is abusive what should I do
My friend is out of money and in an emotionally abusive relationship Involving her housing and business and a child
NYLAG says it can;t Safe center says they handle domestic abuse
my ex has been abusive towards me and continues to make visitation & calls impossible
this is all so upsetting and such a manipulated scheme to make it seem like I'm an abusive mother
he is trying to say that she is physically and mentally/emotionally abusive to the chikdeb
They don’t want to go home, and the is evidence of abuse and neglect
i want to file for custody for niece she in foster care she being abuse
Can I court mandate the abusers to buy me a home, as my right under the law?
the judge is now allowing my abusers to take my children off his health insurance also
No I just needed a order protection because I'm going through verbal abuse
Plus I'm stuck living with my verbally abusive boyfriend.  I have no money for my own apartment,  medical etc
Yes please. This is my ex spouse and I was abused for years
the mother is using the x marriage as leverage to abuse the father
I want to send PDF with 73 docs regarding elder abuse in NYC shelters spanning 3 years
My ex is very manipulative and verbally and emotionally abusive
but she has other children who come to that apartment with their abusive father
is it possible for a case to be unfounded because the older daughter verbally denied the abuse?
My sister has mental issues.  She blows up by emotionally abusing my mum every couple days blaming her for things that don't make sense.
i like to know how and if I can get copies of my abusers past criminal history?
I guess in NYC abusers get to do whatever they want if they have money.
okay and can him being verbally abusive to me help in court
I just wanted to know if it was possible because of the last of physical abuse...
For ex. If the child has been exposed to sexual abuse/ molestation
My mom who is 70years old with diabetes and recently had knee surgery. For over 20yrs my brother has been physically and verbally abusing her
the father told son to help him he is being abused and said the mother is abusing also with the nursing home
He has been verbally and mentally abusive to me and has gotten physical w pushing and putting holes in walls and breaking down doors
My husband has filed a false child abuse case against me.
Forced to live in abuse and fear. Because i became disabled. No help
Hi i have beem a victim of psychiatric inpatient hospital abuse and cruelty
People with disabilities are abused all the time and a ton of us aren't employed
I am looking for what steps to take if my children are at risk of abuse and neglect from the parent with physical custody
Hello.  Can you tell me how to request a change in guardian for an incapacitated adult?  Some guardians are neglectful or abusive.
I’m attempting to file custody of my son who ended up in foster care. His mother is in prison for child abuse
As the website states: "There are five legal grounds to terminate parental rights: abandonment, permanent neglect, mental illness, mental retardation, and severe and repeated abuse"
my mom called the ACS  child abuse hotline for the state to report all this incidents
when the abuse persist I had to restore the case to calendar. If I can find an attorney for the appeal i will win
Hi looking to see what form I need to take my name off the New York child abuse and Maltreatment  registry
There is a child in my school that we are suspecting is being sexually abused by her father
We are currently homeless due to my husbands abuse. I am without a job and just used the last of my money for the hotel.
He does say  much but I live in fear that he  will become verbally abusive again
Hi,  I am looking for a lawyer for two main issues.  Disability abuse
I was under the impression that abuse means you lose rights to the child automatically
I am concerned with verbal abuse that could lead to getting physical. I thought about orders of protection.
TY.  I never got to tell my side of anything, just defended myself by an abusive man who has estranged me from my kids
I have abusive son ( verbally and physically on occasion)
I'm not a survivor of domestic abuse, well none that can be proven
My Gradaughter was placed in Foster care because of severe abuse and neglect by her mother
18 months and no child abuse but spousel
I am looking forward to a divorce. I have not been with my abusive husband for 4 years and I want to divorce.
MY MOTHER IS ABUSING HER POA I NEED TO REVOLKE HER POA STATUS
I am being poisoned by my landlord via air abuse
the woman is claiming i am being abused by my partner which also is not true
He also verbally and physically abused me throughout our marriage
Albany was for a drug related charge and Rensselaer was for an abuse case against his ex
Current spouse of my ex wife isn't let me see my kids, insulting me and emotionally abuse my children
He has thtreatened to kill her, has abused my grandson and my grandson has special needs
she feels unsafe and has claimed physical abuse within the family from both parents
So he became verbally and emotionally abusive towards us
She said on paper, I earn too much.  But my point is that it is because of his abuse that I cannot represent myself
Allegations of abuse, all were unfounded I was transferred to a different location
I have a open ACS court case i have a son placed in RTF and he is being sexually abused and physically abused
my parents and I don’t get along my mom physical emotional abuse me wish me death
Looking for a lawyer to help a inmate with abuse and neglect
I have been a victim of physical and mental abuse for five straight years I've almost had to turn to prostitution
Basically now I received a letter indicating that I will be registered as a child abuser due to the case I had open.
We’ve been disgusted discriminated humiliated from our child’s ex therapist, she reported us for sexual abuse to CPS of our daughter.
verbally & physically abusing him...Please & thank you for your time...will it cost him much money
the victim is not being physically harmed, but emotionally and mentally abused
I am in family court over visitation with an abusive. Father of my son
I am looking for a lawyer that can help me draft papers to send to the state to have a substantiated child abuse record sealed/expunged.
im looking for an attorney to help me with a rape case and sexual abuse from a family member
Hello: Are there any available resources for a victim of identity theft and abuse to obtain safe housing?
How long will it take and since the abuse is verbal, hostile attitude
I am at home but he is a camp I lift him up there he was verbal abuse
How can I get a lawyer for abuse I was abused by my fathers girlfriend?
I need for sex abuse and money  fraud
He is physically and verbally abusive does the court frown upon me ignoring him
Under the law that gives people 1 year to sue for civil damages if they claim they were sexually abuse,
Needed to prove abuse by father. No free legal services as they do not cover father on child abuse. Including sex abuse
My child fell off a couch and was rushed to hospital. They found some bleeding around brain and eyes and reported it as abuse
she was being abuse by a church member who took all of her money.
The finding concluded no abuse or solicitation of drugs
I let so many things slide in this relationship. The emotional and mental and verbal abuse.
our GAL has said to me since the beginning that she will make sure I never regain custody. I lost custody due to the abuse
Because the abuser is my child father who is refusing to return my child to me and I need help
im just wondering if you know my legal rights as a minor under 18, and dealing with child abuse
Wouldn't he have to physically abuse me in order to file for an OOP.
Hello, I am seeking an attorney admitted to NY to representation to The Child Sex Abuse Act.
Hi, I need help to refer  a young lady who is 22 y.o  and is going through  mental abuse from mother
there’s lots of verbal abuse and in front of a child
im seeking a lawyer for a child abuse case im being accused of
what rights and legal direction can the on take to help his father out of abusive situation ..
Of course because domestic abuse is beneath them and we seem to be less important than immigration stuff or other civil stuff.
My wife abuse baby and neglected baby
I need assistance. My child was abused and neglected while at a partial program and we want to sue the agency
Michael Kalkin and 1800Allstate promised me they documented my injuries in the false claim but lied and abused me and gave me the run around
I am a victim in an ongoing domestic dispute and would like to sue my abuser
Hi. Does family court handle matters relate to elder abuse?
How DCF is not allowed to listen to or view evidence of child abuse
I need representation for a child abuse case
becasue the father and his parents abused my baby too,but it's very difficult to proof that
i have a custody & child abuse case I'm needing help with
There is reports of physical abuse to the child's sister but not her.
Need information on how to find out if I have any child abuse  cases against me
verbal abuse and inaccessibility to private property
I need to settle a custody so the father of my child don’t take my son or abuse me
how much can I sue if I was abused and born disabled?
I'm looking for consultation regarding a cease and desist I received after publishing a memoir online detailing sexually abuse.
