Yes, certainly.   I need advice on a housing issue
Issues related to it I need a lawyer to go forward with the situation
Yes in Ulster county. We need help with a discrimination issue.
I need to be steered in the right direction this is my issue..
My issue is that he isn't pay enough that's why I put in for modification
Yes it's not a family issue it is a harassment issue from a neighbor below.
i need some help reviewing my lease concerning some issues im having with the landlord/management
I am well-versed in the law, but I have an mental health issue that was negatively publicized.
But was not aware she needs a lawyer, shes never had an issue with a tennant before.
How often are child support payments issued a month?
Thank you for the website information. Is any of it specific to housing court issues?
until I resolve this issue   I cannot continue.  I'll deal with access now  and back to you later
I already have two divorce lawyers but they don’t want to deal with the issue
They also refused, and hesitated to fix any major issues during my time there.
He doesn't have mental health issues his not mobile
How can one find out if an Order of Filiation has already been issued and on file?
yes but the issue doesn’t quite fit any of the categories
Court issued a warrant of eviction...think landlord went to court
I was sick out of work paid. non issue.  My Mom being released, active infection paramount
Hi there - can I ask you about child visitation issues in Queens ?
I have an issue that I’ve never faced in my 20 plus years of working
There are many issues with the place that I am in right now some of them are listed below...
As for the 2nd they have no one at this time to handle this issue... but thank you)
OK. I HAVE TO ISSUES: ONE IS HARRASTMENT AGAINST LANDLORD AND THE OTHER IS ABOUT REPAIRS
i explained his health issues and i said dr stated july 15th
I see some or planning the estate, my situation is the wayyyy after issue
Well. That's the issue we never had a set place
Looking for help navigating a complicated housing issue
Invasion of privacy at supportive housing an issue
The only other issue I’m dealing with in court is mortgage
the issue is that the form says I cannot sign it if the father and I are not married
I am having a troubling issue in regards to my child and my child's father
i have alot of questions about my case it might be better if some one called me about this issue im having with renesslear county
Im experiencing issues with my student loan company and potential consumer fraud.
also my brother needs a family court lawyer to discuss the issues he’s having with the child’s mother
That’s ok .. thank you for your time .. I don’t think this is a legal issue.  Anyhow we are at Queens county
I don't believe so as they are two separate issues but I  wanted to  get confirmation for her.
An attorney I may contact with issues related to special education & rights as this.
I want to. Push. This. Issue. And file charges.    Until. A satisfactory.  Results. Becomes.  Of this
Staffers are known propose to discuss one issue and then trying to pry.
I believe that l filled wrong my my  declaration and l want to know if l am in a legal issue
I'm going through a divorce after being married for 4 years. However, there are a lot of issues.
And the yogurt health issue of finding plastic in yogurt ( huge issue)?
may I now ask you about the rent assistance and my issue with my housing management company
However in the subpeona there are two additional checks that were issued to him by the buyer that would bring the amount over "X"
Among other issues.  How would direct me regarding the aforementioned?
Judgement of Foreclosure and Sale signed how long till sale date issued
The landlord has issued eviction notices and that is why this office cannot help me. I am being targeted because of their issues
I need help with a domestic and larceny issue
Thats the main part which i am running into issues with
need free help with probate issue
unfortunately, there were some service issues which may be pertinent to my defense
I am an American citizen but I am in Italy right now because of my health issues
it was issued in New Jersey, Hudson County
K also,any information on cash assistance for pendemic related issues?
I am a veteran looking for assisant in a surrogate court issue
i would like some assistance with knowing who I need to contact about legal guardian ship and  a neglect related issue
Spendown issue with MLTC (facing disenrollment)
That is my only issue. I have no trouble with her being with her mom as long as she is local.
thanks! and custody issues such as drop off and pick up are outside the scope of this right?
once i took a plea bargain, the only time ever had a legal issue; need help to dismiss this issue.
temporary placement for 3-6 month for children with severe issues
how are they legally capable of stating that all issues are resolved and still not make any movement towards bringing the kids home?
I am trying to get a divorce do y’all help with this issue
i have several issues going on and im wondering if its worth exploring any legal options
I am facing an eviction issues and I need a power lawyer
I was very upset and it seems this is a basic human rights issue
I’m looking for information regarding employee health insurance issues when leaving a job
I will have to go to court is it possible to hire a lawyer for just the child support issue
You have directed me to the right recourse to address my issues.
thanks so much - just to clarify, the judgement was issued by a NJ court
I thought there was a blanket moratorium issued for all evictions.
My company just issued a reduction in everyone's salary. So I need to reduce my child support accordingly. Next payment will be issued March 31st.
or requred to have mental health issues, or domestic violence related issues.
Do you see it? You can review session 1 training if you still have issues seeing it
When my son was born his mom was still in divorce which was supposed to be over but due to a few issues it wasnt
Im Having issues with e filing the the#8-2 form
if it helps, her Mental health is the main issue
my son who used to live in Brooklyn is having issue with landlord for not paying rentf
I am looking somewhere but haven’t found any then I got admit to hospital for mental issue
Hi I need assistance with commercial landlord issue
thanks I’m trying to help the mom with this issue
I have an issue with a family member with my elderly mother.
And a lawyer to shut down any human rights issues.
I pay the rent..........and that's another issue that I would love some clarity on but the immediate one is the un secure apt
hi i need a legal advisor in an immigration issue
Okay, and our son is an adult who suffers psychiatric health issues and dad will subconsciously take it out on him.
We have always paid rent so that's no issue.
i go to explain you my issue I need help with this
Im seeking some assistance to help me with a discrimination issues
i need find a lawyer for a dog issue
That being said she currently has a 50B issued against her for communicating death threats to me over the phone a few weeks ago
thank you.thats all I need.I will call #2.they helped me a few yrs ago w marital issue
Well yes it would be a custody issue but his not even on the BC there is a lot intailed with her situation
I would really appreciate any and all information that can be passed my way to resolve this issue.
Hello Gina I’m just trying to find the right person that can help me with my issues
Sure thank you. My issue is related to store issue.
alright, i will look for other options regarding this issue.
but he only ask the rent, never try to fix the issues
dr note said because of conditions in apt , may still be an issue but she guarantees me it safe , I made her mad
When I try finding an attorney, it asks for the legal issue which isn’t listed
Hello my name is Ayana Bennett, and I have an issue with child support
the order was issued in cayuga county as that is where I was residing at the time
I was just looking to get some guidance regarding an issue with an old landlord
i am having issues with my court situatiion and need help
It's not a visitation issue. It is an attempt to lower the amount of child suy
Great! Are there any other organizations that you have information related to family issues and court?
Do I need to have a lawyer for a settlement conference on a foreclosure issue.
It's for me. I'm an adult. I work part time and I have health issues so want to see if I can get SSDI
i have a legal issue in the Bronx and looking for free representation for a credit collection issue
hello I’m in a the midst of a could be big issue
Exactly what is the definition? We both have serious health issues.
Hi I’m looking to get help with a issue I’m having
Honestly issues with multiple state programs and need help
Thank you. I also have an outstanding balance that I am not able to pay is there a solution for my issue
im wanting a paper trail for any future issues
Hi, I want to find a lawyer regarding a issue I am having
Do you think the immigration unit can help with eatate issues?
I will try this however may issue is not a court case.  do you have other possibilities?
Yes I urgently need a lawyer that specializes in tenant/landlord issues
I have experienced a lot of issues since living here... like mold issues, no heat
But if I am never served,  there is no immediate issue and he has no legal grounds,  right?
Yesterday the court of appeals issued a statement saying
so there wouldn't be any legal  issue if I left home as soon as I turn 18?
My ex husband is taking me back to court on the 9th of October and I need an attorney to help me with this issue.
It is -the issue we have is my husband and I make too much to generally get any assistance for having extra children.
I have 2 issues. Give me a minute I just need to go to a private area
I need a lawyer to assist me with and issue with NYPD that result in me having another shoulder surgery
hI I NEED YOUR ADVICE ABOUT AN ISSUE I HAVE WHICH ALSO INCLUDES HPD
we also havd another child just born and dont want to have this issue ongoing
Thank you.  I noticed the 'custody modification form' but there's never been a custody issue in court.
I need guidance on a housing issue. Hopefully, this will prevent me from needing to start litigation
Is there any issue with pushing back our end time so she still gets her hour?
I am unable to find DIY form that pertains to this specific issue
The issue is my case is in NJ but nor me or the mother lives in NJ
They say it's 3 days I worked sometime ago that's causing the issue
my issue is not letting her live with her dad im just afraid he wont let her see me
no, I meant was each one to deal with this issues separately.
the co worker said he was uncomfortable around me and sighted issues which were insignificant interactions which he embellished
do they stop counting after the summary judgement is issued?
two issues .. I am unable to navigate this site apparently because of this error message "Adobe is blocked." Please advise
Specifically today the legality of some demands a landlord is making, but have previously had issues with maintenance requests being ignored
Great. But what if Medicare is covering it and has approved. It's not a Medicare issue, but the pharmacy itself
I have an issue with the complex in which I live and need some advice or assistance to address it
Normally it isn't an issue, but I'm really nervous about covid19 and it's causing a heated issue
the days and hours she sees my son was by court order... but we never discussed child support issues
landlord has been made aware of issues also and has also tried with law enforment cause these neighbors ar also harrassing her
I NEED HELP ABOUT AN CHILD SUPPORT ISSUE
HI I think I was on with Jordan on a medicare issue
I had to hire a lawyer to deal with the child support issue.
I guess I should've asked you first, can I describe the issue to find out if it's even a viable legal issue?
so he came in and told me that there's an issue with the base of the shower
I’m looking for legal advise on a housing issue as a sublet
I'm having issues with the sponsor who sold me my current Condominium and its still not liveable.
i am looking for legal help as it relates to immigration issues
I need help in a zoning issue and need legal representation to ensure it's done fairly
Thank you so much.  I work as as maintenance and I'm not too familiar with legal issues.
That is why I wanted to get in touch with an attorney that can counsel me on this issue
will they help me set up a payment plan with other party  lawyer I have serious health issues and it is stressful for me
Can a certain child support issue deem essential?
it was an issue yesterday, at my house and I have been having a lot of issues before the pandemic with this individual
Son mother wants me to send him to her n it difficult because of the health issues
and the groups that help with health issues arising from housing problems?
I need a lawyer to help me go in court for scrmnation.mt bank issues
A lawyer for the mail tampering issue is needed
she took 50 away because she blamed me for a fedex issue
I wanted to let you know I have mental health issues also and I was hurt in the wreck.
I have run into legal issues with unemployment due to a claim my former boss filed against
unfortunately, for me I have contacted all the ones that are in my area of issue
I am on this website, but I don't understand what papers I need. It is not a rent issue.
I cannot afford my attorney any longer, been out of work for 6 months and money is a huge issue right now.
I am having a plumbing issue our landlord  had Me hire a plumber because he said we were responsible.
how does one get the  issue of a passport resolved
HRA directed me to some non profit organizations I called a few but they are not willing to assist me with this issue
due to me having mental health issues in past I’ve feel I’m being discriminated by housing
There was a new Administrative Order issued yesterday by Hon. Kathie E. Davidson
i need a lawyer and it asked me to put my location and choose legal issue
Like I mentioned, this is an ongoing issue. I don't want to wait until me or my dad is seriously injured.
