he got 5 stitches n was laughter at the hospital cus I was there too
I'll be able to stay even if they got the eviction from the court
I live in west Chester my I got married in nyc I want to file for annulment where can I submit my papers plz
Hello my dad got arrested yesterday and I whant to find were they took him
Sorry i got disconnected i live in berrien County mi and want to know how to put my niece in foster car
I just got in the mail a letter from the family court. Should i be worried?
I got denied because I was under someone else's name ..that's the reason of denyal
I got disconnected earlier. Interested in knowing my right to work remotely instead of commuting due to coronavirus concerns.
Hi I was online with Mike but got disconnected
Thanks. I got that. Just not sure how to fill out the papers
got it. I will call them to see if I can get some help. thank you
My son is incarcerated he got mouthy with COs so they handcuffed him and beat him
He gave me information to modify a visitation order and it got erase
Hi Phillip u just were helping but got disconnected
Okay, thanks. I’ve got that one written down already. Having trouble getting anyone on the phone. Thought you might have another option
Oh Miss Katie, I got all day
it should still be in effect as we never got it stopped and that was the last order i had gotten from court
Where would o got to search the case number
1 I got my daughter in child support and she already 22 and they didn’t take it from the case
I was hold on and it says the connection got lost
I did a petition since the summer and never got a response
Response time from you is delayed. Got to catch train, as leavng work, now.
My partner and I got married a couple of days ago and we want to call it quit
I need a lawyer because I sued as prose many times and i got scammed in courts
I got married in 2015 can I still get an  annulment
Hey we got disconnected I was looking for the lawyers to help with a veteran
can you open new case after got deportation
Hello I just spoke with you about finding my court case. You transferred me but I got disconnected from the rep
I know . My mom 75 got injury one week ago . She need legal service to represent her to hire injury attorney
Yes I would like to stop the process i haven’t got a steady job since I got deport
Hi Lillian, I sent my question earlier but got disconnected
Hi I got disconnected from the last agent I'm having problems with my landlord
I’ve filled multiple petitions and have yet got a hearing
because of my income then she told me to look up ny courts.com and i did n got here
Duly noted, got it.  Thanks for the referral!
in case he misses date because he never got
I missed your info fiery got disconnected
I have got into USA in May 2018 & got my Green card in 2018 August
(trying to figure out how you got that referral Nick!)
We got married in nyc but have been living in nj for 2 years.  Does it matter where we filed
It is very hard to pay for an attorney because I just got back to work after being off all winter
my Elbow hurts really badly got it check out by the doctors and been waiting to see the second opinion on my elbow
I’ve found NYLG but I got confused with this:
Hey Ron, sorry we got disconnected
hi mike. I think I spoke with you a while ago and I got disconnected
Got it. Can you also help me a bit to understand how child support payment amounts are decided?
I need help with traffic violations tickets when my license got stolen
Its unknown I'm am unaware who got me pregnant there is two men that is denied of possibility of being the father
I got like 8 weeks with out working
During COVID I had my child support case but it got pushed back, I need it to open again
And sais i gotta pay it for a year
yes , I know and I already got a appeal form but I don’t want to appeal it is not my fault
I got claim for 1 week but after that I never received it
Lawyer however I got a new phone
I got green card in 12/11/2014 thru marriage. But, I got divorced this June.
I have worked for a company and haven't got paid in 2017
Hi Andrew. Sorry i got distracted
By the way when I got disconnected it wouldn’t let me go back to the info you gave me earlier
I want to sue a co-worker for painting me in a false light to our boss. He almost got me fired.
i got a speeding ticket and a possesion ticket beofre all thsi shutdown nonense
now he block me and i got scam from some one that i know what should i do
I never got a letter stating that I was involved in a case either just this women calling me
Got it. That's the same one as before, right? And it contains additional options?
Yes but I just got disconnected from someone i already was chatting with
my dad got arrested yesterday and I whant to find were they took him
Yes I got the court papers yesterday
I got back on August 3rd. Do I have an option to file it?
Hi we were just speaking about my job and got disconnected
I really do not want to go to Florida I got raped there at school and got emotionally abuse and physically
But overall, you got there coming to the end which is great
i paid $300+ and got $100 or so back and want the rest, plus having to find a new bnb for another $300+
I only got a document number from them stating they received it thru edds
So, I got a very bad neightboor he called 311 on me saying i am habing a dog care business here whish is not true
hi! yes I was supposed to have a court hearing in early April but obviously it got postponed
i got fired and would like an attorney to review my separation agreement before i sign it
Yes in September I filled out the forms got them notarized and mailed them with a self addressed envelope
Joshua was in middle of help, got disconnected
Moms cjild got orotevtive order a giant me for my cjild saying somethinf was wrkng with her diaper area when she got her back
No I  think we got it from here thank you enjoy your holiday
Yes I filled it out and I got it notarized I also have my soul custody papers with me
he also from what i hear got diagnosed with a mental disorder as well
yes, I got eviction papers yesterday
I really wish I their my payments was so up to date until I got deport
Gmhc knew what he was doing he never got fired
They left a hole in the ceiling that got bigger in time due to Acts of nature.And there neglegence.
Iv got a letter in the mail about moving my case into E-filing
I believe I got the referrals. I haven't gotten to open the links yet.
I got a text from them yesturday saying rent will be increased if I decide to continue to stay
i got a bill from the child support of $1886
thank you I appreciate it. I got in touch with LIFT this morning and they had informed me about mediation
Got injured at work and now have a hearing coming up
He was my boyfriend but we never got married. We have a baby though.
Hello, my daughter  got married and I want to end child support.
I was waiting for the resources and we got disconnected my mom called
age 75 mom got injury in nyc
they said I owe $4534.06  on Citibank credit . I never got any statement from them,and  any information
got it.  Think livehelp will be more suitable for me as I'm currently living in Brazil, right?
i got an internal server error with that link
this is regarding a Settlement Claim Check that I got.
please connect to me with Alexandrea, I was chatting with her/him and it got disconnected
I never got any papers and my lawyer isnt in practice anymore
housing told me it was nothing but then I got report stating lead found
And I went to the courts and got the pention to file for child support
Sorry , i got a message then lost connection
Kinda he got it ajurned until oct 3
Yes I was just waiting for you to tell me the email to send the paternity forms but we got disconnected
We are still married, she moved out,  filled for child support and I guess got custody thru that.
I am to and I’m glad I got you again as well 🙏
Yes I’m sorry  we got disconnected
I called and got a recording.  Not taking any messages.
i got a harass evition i got DRIE
my old court date Was July 23rd. Got a letter saying I will get another letter which I never did. Thank you so much
now I got 2 more in the space of 2 Days aprt
Ms Ana my situation is kind of hard  cause I just got off a heart attack 2years ago
Cops told me everything got pushed to further dates
i believe we were just speaking and the chat got disconnected
There was supervised visits through Safe horizons that just got suspended due to him coming in contact with my child
I want to ask I am f1 student. I got married with my boyfriend.
I called got transferred twice then no pick up
hello Ana, I was chatting with Alexandrea and it got disconnected. can you please connect me to her/him?
Ok...I would have also thought maybe from the date he got the increase?
I texted in several days ago and all i got from you is a push to an attorney
I got their main website though. Thank you again
This says I would need a separate residence if legally separated. What if my spouse & I got along? Would that apply?
yes....because i am tired and stress got no energy to deal with this HSBC
hI my name is Victoria I was chatting with a rep earlier we got disconnected I was trying to e-file
he got it from a counseling center for battered women
My attorney never got a copy either
Sorry I got interrupted. I think thats it. thank you.
That didn’t help I called them they never got back to me
Okay I’m looking for a child support payment that was paid in July that I never got
there is a current case open with CPS the mom got pulled over and she was overdosed driving with him.
Hi. We got disconnected. Looking for referral for 17a Queens.
Yes, it got passed from a magistrate to a judge and got pushed back again
Gotta try b4 I die
hello, i am looking for lawer to help me what ii have to do got papers frm the court
I went to court And got a temporary order until we were suppose to go back
She took my mailbox three of them i got my mail held at the post office stole mymail
oh, yes, I called them too. They’re supposed to be open right now, according to their hours, but I got a recording.
later that day I got a message I was not the right fit for thenjob
And since the papers got lost the judge has talked to the defendant about this case so I worried I got screwed over
We just got disconnected I did send off but I have wrote to you can you find that
got it. are these requirements in statute or court rule anywhere?
Thanks, I was panicking bc it got late fast!
i missed the hearing because of time difference and I tried to have the hearing put back on calender but I never got a feedback
Ah, okay. Got it. Yes, that makes sense.
Hello I was just chatting with you about How to do child support but we got disconnected
i believe i was talking to you earlier, but i got disconnected
I’m trying to find out how to file a petition online I got letter stating website to go to but nothing working
i just so happend to be in nyc and got the letter in the mail at my parents house
I just got the check and the administrator told me that they can not resent the check
Somebody was suppose to give me referrals but got disconnected
I'm back re ny cva.  Sorry, somehow I got disconnected.
I tried the 4500 number before 3 times i never got through
hello I just got offf the phone with someone she told me what I have to do thank you for waiting for my response
she was suppose to pay me 600 plus a few items i got for her at the hardware store
i hate to be a pain but  i explained the situation and got no information on my legal rights?
I just got disconnected from Deanna in regard to a notice of quit sent to me.
I got married and not to her and that played a huge part in it
I got some papers and I think my landlord is trying to get me out
it got denied and I need someone to help me get it bck
And we got married in Dominican Republic can we get divorced here?
I was just chatting with you about a form to petition for custody and got disconnected
I got connected with someone thank u!!🙂
Yes hi my name is Alex I’m tryin got fill out a child support petition
