Im being sued by a debt collector. They sent me links to free legal aid, covid consumer assistance
yes please. I’m on Medicaid so if possible free legal aid
I have already spoke with legal aid and they denied me.  I have a call into the legal project and I'm awaiting their response
Yes if I can get a legal aid lawyer that would be great.
I'm trying to look into legal aid, I'm a single mother working as much as I can and no extra money.
Yes please! Probono or free legal aid
i called the legal aid this morning and i was told i dont qualify
No worries!  Do you know the income qualifications for free aid?
if it's legal aid then I already have that.  i'm just being charged for days i don't feel I should owe
I was directed to call "legal aid" but I kept being told different number and it leads to nowhere
Thanks so much , yes I want the contact of legal aid ...I appreciate
Im looking for legal aid for people oder then 64
Hi I am looking for information on income limits for legal aid
I have bad luck with legal aide not returning home calls in the past
Yes. Need help with appealing an unemployment denial. Is there a legal aid office in the elizabethtown ny area?
is legal aid the same as public defendor? and yes
Yes I am looking for a lawyer but I don't have the money. Like a legal aid lawyer for family court child support
Yes by all means...I need legal aid but I am unemployed...
Yes. I do not have money to pay. Is this Legal Aid?
Yes, we were looking at some of this. But we don't think we are low enough income for the legal aid assistance
Yes are there legal aid soceitys outside of Sullivan County that can help me with my problem
Yes but needs legal aid please
legal aid etc have kept telling me to ask them about my questions please
This is the 1st time I'm seekin for legal aid for Department of Education so I don't know how good about it.
I’m a non-custodial parent. What level my income needs to be below to her a legal aid
I’m a non-custodial parent. What level my income needs to be below to get a legal aid
I called a local office and they directed me here to ask about finding the right office, or person, for legal aid.
yes please refer me to legal aid organization as long as its free
I went thru legal aid. I can give them a call
I called legal aid and they won't help me
Yes if they are part of legal aid. My family cannot afford a lawyer. It seems like discrimination to me
Legal aid. And Legal assistance NY. Please don't bother with those 2. No help.
i am in need of a legal aid for this reason im about to explain
I need help for a divorce and I’m on a fixed income. I was directed to the Bronx legal aid
yes, I would. our local legal aid referred me to here as I am i senior and it involves hud housing
yes pls.....is legal aid free?
i left several messages with the legal aid to speak to an attorney no one called me back.
I'm in broome county legal aid is who I have now
Ok, Do you have any others because I believe I called legal aid
When I called Ontario Legal Aide, they told me that they did not have funding for the Veteran work they used to do.
Yes please i would love a free legal aid
i'm looking for free legal aid
Yes please I called legal aid  but I'm over income
Yes that’s what I’m asking for legal aide representatives
Yes but I tried legal aid and they say they don't deal with civil cases
Legal aid said they don't do this kind of case I actually need to get my own council so and I have no income
I am not interested in what your website can provide. I guess I will call legal aid.
Bless afternoon I will like to know where I can get a legal aid lawyer to represent my daughter in a custody/visitation proceedings please?
Ok I already called my legal aid and unfortunately they said they don't have any available attorneys right now but thank you so much
