if you find lawyers who do pro bono work that woul dhelp me
I'm having a hard time finding the list of pro bono attorneys available for low income families
also where can i find a lawyer pro bono?
i am seeking a pro Bono employment lawyer
I need a pro Bono lawyer that can help me get off probation early
im looking for a pro bono attorney to help in starting a non profit org
I am looking for pro bono criminal defense attorney's or legal services in Franklin County NY
I need a pro bono attorney for an unemployment insurance appeal case
i had a pro bono lawyer whose wife was a friend of mine but he no longer is willing to represent me
Yes please forward the pro bono law firms
Is there a number where I can consult with a pro bono lawyer regarding these issues?
Legal like a pro bono lawyer
Do you also have a list of lawyers in Westchester County who do pro bono work?
looking for a pro  bono Lauro help establish visitation and an order of support.
Not sure about the lawyer unless it's pro bono
Is this NYLAG offering pro bono services
What to do ? I am looking for a Pro- Bono organizations in NY.
you were going to send me information on pro bono
How do I go about getting a pro bono lawyer for my case
i doubt i would qualify for pro bono or low income help.  is that the only type of lawyers on this site?
I have a situation that I am seeking a pro bono lawyer or a lawyer that is familiar with the Justice Center
Hi I’m looking for a pro bono family law attorney
Hi Candice, can you please resend me the links with pro bono layers that work remotely ? Thanks
Thank you....do any of these groups do pro bono?
I need a pro bono medical malpractice lawyer
i am looking for a pro bono attorney. Unfortunately not working right now but want to see if I have a case.
is there a list of Pro Bono atty's for this case?
I really am just looking for some pro Bono advice to polish up a document and attend one court appearance with me.
and fyi the first one you listed does not do pro bono out of  building
Hi ...do you have listings of pro bono lawyers in my area?
He probably won't need the pro bono service, but the USM 94 form requires that we put one down in case
Ah-- that's great.  Thank you for volunteering!   Do you get pro bono hours credit for this work?
Are there any pro bono lawyers that help with this kind of stuff?
I was referred to you through VOLS for a business law attorney as I need pro bono assistance for my startup
I have tried them numerous times over the years.  They always tell me they are unable to advise me for pro bono help.
i have a business civil case and need speak with a lawyer the does pro bono work
i passed the last bar exam and need to comply with the pro bono hours requirement
I need to find a pro Bono atterney in Kingston ny for adult guardianship
That would be great. But I am looking for legal assistance but would have to be a pro bono agreement. I retired and no $$$
The Board for Corrections of Naval Records is the place they need to be a lawyer from, but pro bono for me
I know you cant act as my lawyer the pro bono one i have has done zip
Yup, send me the info for pro Bono attorneys
What about pro bono services? I can't afford legal fees and i need help as soon as possible
this is why I needed a pro bono lawyer or help from your agency
Is there a way to find a lawyer who offers pro Bono services?
I’m looking for a pro bono lawyer to help with a housing issue
by the way what does mean pro bono katie ?
Is there a lawyer that can help me low in charge or pro bono?
can you provide information on pro bono legal assistance programs?
Hello! We are seeking for pro bono lawyer.
Would this be legal aid or pro Bono lawyers
I'm looking for a pro bono legal representation on my custody and visitation case
Preferrably, either pro bono or on contingency basis.
i want some help finding a pro bono lawyer with a Divorce
looking for pro bono  due to my current situation
I need pro bono I am not able too pay 35$ right now
Secondly, are these businesses inclined to provide this kind of pro bono help?
yes i need pro bono lawyers thank you very much
I’m poor and need help getting a divorce pro bono
im looking for a pro bono lawyer for divorce i got no job nothing. my husband is divorcing me he said
I’m looking for help finding a pro bono divorce lawyer
I was hoping there was a list of Pro Bono attorneys we could call directly... Does such a thing exist?
well i dont have any money right now so im hoping he/she can work pro bono
I am disabled and I can't afford an attorney I'm looking for a pro bono one
hi im looking for a pro bono lawyer for child support
Good morning. I am trying to find a pro bono lawyer to help me with discrimination and harassment at my workplace.
Yes. I'm interested in a pro bono service
Looking for a pro bono attorney to help me with legal advice to take a company to court to receive my money back
I need pro bono assistance. My financial circumstances are precarious. I have serious medical issues that I'm being treated for too.b
Is it possible to get help finding a pro bono lawyer for medical malpractice?
Is there any chance there is a pro bono or free lawywr?
ok.   also , anything about attorneys who do pro bono work, i understand some states require a certain amount from attorneys
Hi. I believe we spoke a few minutes ago. I'm wondering if there are any pro bono services for someone filing a "Notice of Claim"?
Are there any free services, or pro bono attorneys that could assist me?
I'm looking for pro bono representation
i need a list of pro bono family law lawyers
yes, im looking for some legal services pro bono lawer on a debt collector lawyer who sent me a stipulation
I actually need information on how i can I do pro bono work.
So pro bono is free counsel correct
Hi, I want to know the hotline to request a pro bono lawyer
I'm trying to find a pro bono lawyer for my family court case, as legal aid won't help me due to a conflict of interest
I want names of attorneys who work pro bono to help homeless people. Thank you.
Aren't there any attorneys who handle pro bono matters anymore in my country?
Hi I’m searching for a foreclosure attorney in my area pro bono
I only want that to which I am entitled.  I am not legally entitled to pro bono assistance.
I would like my brother to show up on May 12 with a pro bono attorney
I am seeking legal assistance from a pro bono lawyer for help negotiating a contracted related to intellectual property.
I need a recommendation for good pro bono divorce lawyer that is available to do consultation online
How do I go about finding a pro bono lawyer to help in an uncontested divorce
is it possible to have a pro bono lawyer attend court with me? any programs or services available?
Trying to find a pro bono lawer to help me sue my old landlord for my security back
Are they talking about a large law firm pro bono referral stream?
I am looking for a pro bono attorney to help me on a case Landlord/Tenant
I’m seeking help with a custody case and representing yourself or finding a pro bono attorney in the Albany area
Hello, I need info/link for the 50 hours pro bono for law students
I am in need of a pro bono attorney in surrogate court in Richmond county.  My income falls below the poverty  line.
affordable too but mainly pro bono or low bono
i don’t even know what pro bono is?
Okay noted. I’m interested in pro bono housing orgs
Hi, I’m wondering if there are family court lawyer’s available pro Bono
pro bono lawyer representation to start a case roommate holodver case
can you help me find a low cost or pro bono attorney
Yes, if there is anywhere who might do a pro bono review of the 5-page agreement that would be hugely helpful since I'm unemployed
I want to find a pro bono divorce lawyer in Monroe County, Rochester, NY
I need a Pro Bono attorney for wrongful termination suit.
i need help finding a pro bono lawyer or reduced rate
Thank you. Also, I wanted to know do you have any information on where I can find pro bono attorneys for my case?
Are any of them pro bono? Or offer free conceltations?
I'm looking for a pro bono lawyer for professional help dealing with a child support matter
or an attorney’s help pro bono?
i have another question, is there groups that can provide pro bono service for incorporation of a new non profit focusing on affordable housing causes?
Looking for an Attorney or group that will work Pro bono and help my son with his case
I may need pro bono or legal aid services
i need help finding a pro Bono lawyer
Im looking for pro bono education, preferrably college attorney.
That pro bono program does not handle criminal matters. Do you know of any others?
I need Pro Bono post conviction help
Hello, i need a pro Bono lawyer who can help me file for divorce from an abusive spouse
a ROCHESTER NY pro bono lawyer would be fine or near that area?
I'm looking for a Pro Bono lawyer to help me with my case. On Friday I was given a petition for adoption.
Any info on pro bono lawyers or the proper procedure to request a new court appointed lawyer
Pro bono appeals attorney. Sorry about the spelling. Auto correct
Hello I need help finding a pro bono lawyer for custody case in Kings county
Thank you for all the information. Do you know if they provide pro bono ?
Do you have any other recommendations? Perhaps even a pro bono lawyer or someone specializing in wills and estates?
Wanted to see if the center offers pro Bono lawyers for lgbt devoice cases
Do you know if they offer pro bono services
Is NYLAG operating in suffolk county or do you think they will have pro bono lawyers available for such matters ? Thank you for your help...
Are you able to refer me to a pro bono attorney?
I need to find a pro bono lawyer
Where can I find legal aid (pro bono, low cost, or contingency) for 2 different issues:
I’m wondering what qualifies as low income for Obtaining a pro bono or court appointed lawyer for a custody case in Suffolk county?
i need a pro bono lawyer for a child support issue
Looking for pro Bono attorney . That would take payments
OK any pro Bono attorneys for file suit against a university for not providing or failing to do so under the ada
Do you have any pro bono legal centers listed?
I need a pro bono attorney in Nassau County
Hello, Can you refer me to a pro bono lawyer for a legal concern in New York?
are theere any lawyers that work pro bono
I am wondering if u do pro bono work
Hello, I'm looking for a Pro Bono lawyer to assist an i inmate at Greene Correctional Facility apply for medical clemency
I am looking for pro bono help for a civil case in progress.
do you know if these are pro bono or they charge a fee to represent?
Our pro bono attorney says that we have t get the document or give her a notarized release form.
i need assistance finding a pro bono lawyer for an estate
Can I get help form any pro bono?
Do you know of any pro bono lawyer that is familiar with this?
Also how do i go about finding a pro bono lawyer
I need a criminal defense attorney to handle a case pro bono
I need help finding a free pro bono lawyer
Hi I need pro bono lawyers in Suffolk County Department of labor if somebody can help me send me a list of telephone numbers
looking for pro bono services for housing
Hi Meghan. I wanted to know if you can provide pro bono attorneys for child support cases?
are there attorneys that represent the child pro bono? because i am retired and cant afford a lawyer.
and I have a Pro Bono attorney JUST for the financial matters ONLY
I need help finding a pro Bono lawyer for a visitation case in family court
Yes. Do you have lawyers that will take pro bono cases
Hi Laura,  where can I get resources for a pro bono attorney to do a closing?
Can you help me to get a pro bono family lawyer
Any link to lawyers doing pro bono work?
I am need of pro bono legal representation if possible for custody
Need to find a lawyer for property situation pro bono
need legal aid attorney pro bono to file for me. I am senior citizen can’t do alone!
looking for a pro bono legal aid to get consultation for this case
Hi. I am searching for a pro bono lawyer for family court but most of the associations haven't helped me so far.
There are so many huge US firms, with big pro bono programs, who have offices in Israel.
Yes but I need a pro bono lawyer asap
ok thank you. Any attorneys that work on contingency, bc i have tried pro bono but had no luck
These are pro bono and include Estate Law in Ulster County? Thank you
I want a divorce from my husband. I need pro bono or low income
I have called most of those numbers but no pro bono help
A lot of them said they don't offer pro bono
Do you have any independent pro bono criminal lawyers
And I pay 172.00 per week child support and dont make much money and am looking for an attorney that does pro bono work
I am trying to find a pro bono attorney to help with executive clemency for my husband who is currently incarcerated
I tried that already and I was pushed to outside services, eg, pro Bono attorneys
I need to find a pro bono attorney
I am unable to afford an attorney. Do you know where I can find one pro bono?
I was told pro bono by lawyers, this 2nd site is student run organization.....
Thank  you. Maybe a pro bono one
I need help finding a pro bono lawyer to represent me in a child support case
I need a number for a pro bono lawyer
ok thanks, these are 2 pro bono links for help with unemployment?
Thank you, is there any pro bono attorneys that you may be able to refer me to?
what it means Pro bono legal aid?
I need an 18B, Pro bono, or very low cost lawyer for a custody/ visitation case
I am in need of a pro bono lawyer to help me with a custody /visitation violation
i don't have money so is there a lawyer that works pro bono
OK..BUT I REQUEST A PRO BONO LAWYER..BECAUSE I AM UNEMPLOYED RIGHT NOW...
Hi . I need some help finding a pro bono attorney.
are u able to find us a pro bono lawyer?
As I’m reading pro bono you have to be within certain means of income some people will not qualify
Nassau suffolk law services pro bono "only" helps the non custodial parent who owes money. Just wanted to let you know.
the girl just gave ne a pro bono attorney to call and i lost it/ im sorry can you check/
Like I said I am disabled and I have no money to pay for a lawyer I need to get a pro bono lawyer
Are there any pro bono service if I do not quality for low income?
Is there one that will provide representation pro bono?
Yes and to find a pro bono attorney to help me in this matter
Does it list every pro bono agency
I am looking for pro bono lawyers at this point but have googled and not sure where else to look thank you
I’m looking for a pro bono lawyer for divorce, I’m under the poverty line
Need pro bono/ free for family court hearing
how do I find a pro bono real estate lawyer?
any attorney who does pro bono or any attorney who helps or can help is wha ti need
hell-o I  am looking for a patent lawyer pro bono
My niece is looking for a pro bono lawyer about her daughters SSD she having an issue with them and needs legal help.
I am curious as to how to obtain a pro Bono lawyer for criminal defense
it’s so hard to find a pro bono lawyer
Sorry I got disconnected. I was asking for pro bono service to enforce a divorce decree relating to a shared property.
I need a Pro Bono lawyer for divorce proceedings.
I'm trying to find a pro bono lawyer for my husband who is in jail and had an incident happen to him in there.
Hello I need a pro bono lawyer to help my fiancé that is incarcerated upstate New York and he wants file appeal.
I just lost a case against the state of new york and I am seeking  a pro bono lawyer to appeal
Are you accepting applications for pro bono volunteers for this site?
Is there any pro bono lawyers I really can’t afford one and the situation is bad
i am in need of a pro bono or low bono divorce lawyer
Pro bono  lawyer would be great
I need to find a pro bono appellate lawyer to help me take my case to the Supreme Court
Hi , just wanted to know if any lawyers do pro bono divorce or custody cases that will soon be going thru a trial ?
I am looking for some pro bono help to assist with an elder abuse situation
i definitely need free legal help an a pro bono lawyer to go to court with me to do my talking
I'm needing to find a pro Bono lawyer for my daughter
That pro bono appeal the page where I can get an attorney to represent me for this appeal and supposed fraud claim I made?
I need a pro Bono divorce lawyer
I am a law student and have 50 hours of pro bono to fulfill, and this seems like a nice opportunity if possible
I am looking for a pro bono reference in dutchess county...for a divorce
he told me to get another lawyer, he was a pro bono lawyer for that case
I am seeking a pro bono attorney to assist me in becoming the administrator of my deceased mothers estate
I am desperately searching for pro bono representation of my sister and me . . . in an intrafamilial matter that is about to explode . . .
I need a pro bono lawyer to help me with the custody
Is there any such thing as a pro bono adoption attorney?
Was only looking for advice on how to find a pro bono lawyer
what about foster parents attorney’s pro bono?
Seeking either Pro Bono Attorney(s), or retention on Contingency basis.
are these lawyers "pro bono" or "legal aid" workers?  money is a bit of an issue
I am looking for a pro bono family lawyer in staten Island. Everyone I call fron the list does not take family cases.
Are there any NYC based organizations which can assist a landlord with this issue? (pro bono or low bono/sliding scale) preferably in Queens?
I am looking for a pro bono lawyer or a charity lawyer to help with a criminal case
Can you refer me to pro bono legal counsel?/represenation?  I am fairly certain I will qualify for assistance.
I'm looking on how I can make an appointment for free bankruptcy assistance for low-income residents of NYC, pro Bono attorney
I need help finding a pro bono lawyer for civil court case
Just went through pro- bono mediator .  Was not successful .
Looking to find a pro bono lawyer in Greene county Cairo ny for probate court
That link work I will see what's available there. Is there such a thing as pro bono legal services based on financial/medical reasons?
I need an advice on a civil case can you help me find a pro bono lawyer
I am looking for pro bono lawyers in regards to landlord tenant issue
you know of any law firms that could help me pro bono?
I want to know about pro bno lawyer online address
I need a pro bono or a lawer to go by my income
