very kind Joseph thanks for your information and for your time
Will this protect “my rights” for the time frame of 1 year and 90 days?
Thank you for your help, you saved me quite a bit of time.
its been a long time and the pain never disapear
Thank you for your help but one more time do you know the name of the form that I need to get
For me that would probably take me more time to understand than writing it down
Excuse me, we could NOT travel at the present time
Thank you for your time, If you run across of new information, please, let me know My EMail filipjohn19434@yahoo.com
currently she is staying with father half the time half with the grandmother
She has physically attacked me multiple times before,  one incident is documented with the NYPD
Please take your time. I am here. I prepared ahead of time so it was easier for me.
Still not seeing her online.  Should I just call her cell 646 420-9869 in the interests of time?  I have a hard stop at 1:00.
Ok..ill look into it. So that gives me a little time.
No worries, pls. Take your time.  So glad for all of your help!
My husband was destitute at the time so this never came up...
Extra in COVID times - hands were literally tied
do you think I’ll face any prison time ?
it's been a long time i know. but it's been always torturing me and haunting me
Yes pls take ur time.
No I will go to local lawyer. Its complicated. Thanks for your time.
Will the courts take a long time before it's enforced?
I was served divorce papers and I am running out of time what can I do to get more time
i look online and am having a hard time finding one
We all are having hard times but i also had no opportunity to loose $550
I copy and paste everything I just wrote 4 times
thanks for that. I have been thinking about getting therapy and legal procedure at the same time
He was my neighbor and he tried to attack me several times
I want to know my laws about taking sick time when I have paid sick time.
Hi!  I am currently receiving child support. due to financial reasons I recently switched from part time to full time.
I’ve been to court numerous times and every time I go there, I am being told something different
Not at all. The neighbor had a small reoccurring leak down stairs that was not leaking at the time...
okay, i just want to relocate, that would be the only difference and the time of visits
We have had a rocky relationship but I was always part of my child's life at all times
Well thank you for your time. Wish me luck.
This unfortunately has been an exercise in confirming my suspicions Of wasted time and no productivity
these are tough times and @ no point did I slack on a payment I won’t be able to afford my bills @ this rate
no i cant afford an attorney at this time and im currently at the library so im on a time limit .
Yes. Hello and thank you for being of service in these challenging times
Why I'm I having a hard time down loading the 4-11 form
But it probably can’t take it because of the time limit which they shouldn’t have
She had 1 hour supervised visits prior. Each time she does this it causes great distress to my grandson.
I need everything for check up,for labor time for check ups
Me and my Ex-wife are divorced for 10 years and all this time I am paying child support on time.
Its a big mess to be fair and tryping it out isnt somethi g i have much time for at the moment
ok, so do I fill out the petition ahead of time?
this is the 4 time the last time the bathroom ceiling fell of
i know she is buying time to not return my retainer
Do you know of any relief for seniors during this difficult times
Yes snd I can’t make it to drive to meet due to not having enough time to take off
I am at dv shelter with safe horizons my time here is up
thank you, order does not have any remarks, will the balance accumulated for this time be lovered
Thank you I appreciate your time . Any information is definitely welcome
which means that as I learned my cousin is an Worker as well and was babysitting my niece during the time of the call.
I really need to have this matter address to someone, The automatic system can not help at this time!
Of course I understand why they don't want to deal with physical checks at this time
I want to counter sue for my daughter that he only pay half for and I have her full time for three years
Ok let me take picture this time.
I’m asking if there is a length of time where an order becomes null or void
I don't want you to have problems the next time you return or lose your visa
He was I'll for long time. Between child care and catstrfic heating and electric bills I just could keep my head above the bills
I WAS ALWAYS ON TIME EVEN PAID IN ADVANCE
im legally blind and have a hard time navigating my pc i probably hit a wrong button
at the time the invoice was generated they had not yet put in payment for april
Yes I would look into it thank you for your time
My loved needs representation at this time for a federal charge
Alright thank you for your time, I will contact them, until what time is live chat available?
this is the second time he does it.  first time I had to go to court
There's no specific time frame mentioned
the senior wasn’t living in the apt at them time and landlord was very much aware of it
Yes Enrique take your time go ahead!
Its ok please take your time 🙂
i'm asking...can i register the order and file for custody at the same time?
She filed it in Jamaica queens in nyc at thag time
I have had the help from CLARO but they can only offer  a little with not enough time
That would be all then, i truly appreciate your time and attention
serios driving off. that at the time i was not rep. and now thease tkts are keping me from driving
filed bankruptcy two times so far
I appreciate your time. If I had any $ I would gladly donate.
And second question: I am waiting for an interview for a very long time, is it possible to accelerate?
No thats all I needed to know thank u for your time
I wanted to find help before the time runs out
may I know where I can know my rescheduled time?
What are the times again? I'm in Nevada so the time zones are different
I am now videotaping the amount of time I have waited to receive a response.
I have questions about bankruptcy - as in, the timing needed to stop a student loan garnishment.
Hello. Thank you for your time.  Just a quick inquiry
U help me alot, appreciate the help now time to make sum call nd search around
also this is super time sensitive just FYI
I’m having a difficult time finding a rental due to the fact that I am in an active chapter 13 bankruptcy case.
I have called  child support helpline many times and I have email them many times and no response back
fantastic. Thank you for your time. No, nothing else
I have a court Friday may 29 2020 but I don’t have the time
I see,well, I wont take up any more time, thank you again
Visitation order for 1st time in Queens
I am also a full time college student. Unemployed as well
How long does inmate sit in jail While waiting to be invited what’s the max time for an unmate??
No, not at this time I’m just trying to find someone to help me quickly
It's just that you can't get a human on the phone at this time.
This time they replied, and confirmed that both 1) and 2) will be done.
i hope so.  it is hard to get that doc certified at this time
upon their arrival, NYPD allowed her 5 min to which at that time she threatened my sons.
i has one more question but I’m having a difficult time remembering it at the moment
because of time sensitivity I don’t won’t them to return the case to dead files once
I told them I want to work but I’m still feel ill time to time
thanks. any private practice lawyers with probono time?
My son is 34year old and they reopen the case case was close long time ago he was 18 at the time
so I’m going throu a tough time
also gas, and time spent on finding another one
Not at the time. I appreciate all of your help. Unless there is any information for guaranteed loans from the government
take your time, no rush, thank your for your help
I’d like direction to remove an eviction for a senior, whom wasn’t living in the premises at the time
i called 24 times and each time It was answered and I was hung up on.
Ok, I think that is all. I appreciate your time and happy Holidays to you.
No, l appreciate your help. Good luck to you and yours, in these troubled times
I and my spouse had a symptoms of corona virus and I feeling ill time to time
i believe there is a time limit on how long they can be vacant
Don't i have a certain amount of time to file the papers
ok, so here is my problem, I already had my citizenship interview which I passed, but at the time a decision could not been made.
I don’t have much time either, my trial is Dec 19th
do you think biden's plan of immigration will take long time or in the upcoming short time
and if custody ends at 18, do I even need to do a modification for that or would it be a waste of time?
I spend the majority of the time with her he spends 8-12 hours with her each week and the rest is on me
I sued 5 times for the same cause of action
she let me see her on sunday for 3 hours but she had to be there at all times
Just as much time. We split everything 50 50
How do I end a execution for support order when time duration is up
Is 4 years a considerable amount of time?
I'm on unemployment and SNAP at the time, just paid bills so I won't be able to pay the $220 fee on time.
i just laughed myself coz i could hire a lawyer either that time
She is withholding the child and dictating my time with the child
So, I can't   go right now I have time. It would be for no purpose??
Would i receive confirmation that it would be allowed in time?
Thanks for everything and i hope that you and yours are healthy and safe during these complex times
This is such an overwhelming time with all of his finances and legal documents. I really appreciate being pointed in the right direction
Can you suggest me where to go? I don't have any income, I'm a full time student
I don't want to keep doing any of this when people are misunderstanding the issue time and time again.
I have been there many times but since the virus. And, it was mostly due to DV this time it is regarding support
The court ordered for 10 years and it is long passed that time.
if you file and then don't go through with it 2 times
I tryied to many times to do unemployment asistenc but it’s dosnt let me go
That's okay I am not rushing you. Take your time.
He used drugs and was homeless for a very long time.
I would like to get back pay from the time i was put on furlough until the time I returned to USA
is there a length of time of a marriage of 4 years in which alimony could be paid?
What time lawyer is wrongful involuntary commitment mental illness do not have
But I will not close the case since presumably that will lose the documents for next time (if there is a next time).  Thanks.
ah alright, I should be good for now, thank you for your time Cara
Well, thank you for your time. Happy holidays to you and your family
Is there a limit on the time you have to file a lawsuit against a doctor how many years
they don’t want to give me part time
Isn't there a time limit as to when that could be done?
Yes, I will. Thanks for taking time to read my story.
this would be the 1st matter fact there was an order in 2018 but we had reconcilled at the time
Oh absolutely. My father is a large foreign Armenian, he’ll be with me the whole time haha
How much time a landlord has to fix a sewerage code violation is not an opinion
Hey how much more time i have to recover my appt after been evicted?
Like how much time it will be need to be OK for dok
we ended up going way over time so did not have time to submit
Not at this time. Going to check out the forms now. Thanks again
It’s cool thanks take ur time
No please take your time I also have an appointment with them on December 11th at 9 p.m.
The guy caries a concealed handgun at times.
I am a full time college student and unemployed
At this current time, I do believe I am all set thank you. ^^
I believe that is the start YES now I just need to find appropriate forms to file this time around.  THANK YOU!
i asked for invoices 5 different times and she has said she doesn’t have the time
I STAD IN THE PHONE WAITING THEN THEY HANGED UP TWO TIMES THEYED MADE ME WAIT THEN THEY HANGED UP AGIN.WHAT I DO KNOW?
they have wrongful accusations and I’ve been arrested numerous times wrongful arrest made
i have residential custody of my grandson. I have violated the father 4 times for non payment of support
Take your time. Lol. I’ve been looking for days
I have no computer acess at this time I am using an android phone
Yes please . Thank you for your help and time, I really value your the time you putto assist me in my question.
i was sued several times for debt not mine
I’ve filled this out like 5 times and then it freezes and I lose it so I have to restart everything
please take your time. I appreciate any information your can provide!
Is there a time limit for filing a petition for support when the petitioner won by default
time is running out it’s almost 5pm
Its a start thanks for the time, will check websites
But at the same time she's received letters that she must vacate.
My son who fell on hard times in Wisconsin came to live with me.
