Ok thank you I'd love the referrals
Hello and good night, I'd like to get some help on filing for visitation and the things I'd need to have to move forward
It's been over 14 years I have three charges. I'd like to begin the process
Thank but I'd like to know if I can actually file the petition online
Hello. ID LIKE TO Petition the family courts to correct a petition
I'd like to bring up a case in the landlord tenant court
I'd like to file a petition for child support against my child's father. The only problem is he lives out of state
but any other alternatives I'd gladly accept please.
id like to try to do this on my own since with four kids and no support i need to worry about my bills
Ok thanks alot matt ..and I will I'd I have any more questions
I never thought I'd be in this position with no work.  it's awful.
and, if not, can we do the consultation over the phone?  I'd like to help her
Hi Lucas, ok thank you yes id like to continue
It could be all NYC, but of course I'd prefer Brooklyn
I'd you could look for resources that could help my boyfriend out please for free programs?
I'd like to get some legal advice about international students rights
Im a father in nyc and I'd like to know how can I get joint custody of my son that 10 yrs old?
Ok. I'd appreciate it.  I have an attorney for a case now... but the judge's lawyer will not take things into consideration
Yes, that's right. Finances not shared. I'd like to request that.
i'd like to request before the court date if possible so I can discuss with the lawyer
I'd like to know the website for filing a petition for custody online.
Hi, I'd like to come in today to 25 Hyatt location for help filling out a motion is that possible
yess   i have   child support  i dont have my  id  and i need it.
I'd like to file to be the primary parent
Like a virtual index window maybe?  Is that something?  Is that what I'd need right now?
I'm just wondering where I'd go to report an intentional incest case, that resulted in a child being born.
I'd like to know what the procedure is to get someone out of my home.
I haven't my kids in 30 days so I'd like to file visitation rights
I'd like to speak with a lawyer regarding an ongoing issue with mold
he has absolutely no form of ID, it's all held hostage by his foster parents
Ok thank you! The incident that I'd be filing an Article 78 for is in Dutchess County
Sure. I'd like to know if my situation could be considered as constructive discharge
I filled already and have appt letter but i don't have any other ID
I'd like some information on free legal representation on a child support matter.
I'd like to speak to someone about the procedures for getting a divorce
Hi, I'd like to find documentation of the ruling for a past child support hearing?
Sure....and thanks. I'd appreciate any insight or help.
Hi, i'd like to know if i can be emancipated at 16
I have been told is a legal matter, but I don't think he can file a case with no id.
Family Court told me I need to attach a pre-court questionnaire also known as an ID slip to the petition for visitation
I was wondering if I can have access to my diseased father's case. I have the case ID number and warrant ID judgment number.
He is a 20 year old from Michigan and is now in NY. His only ID is a highschool id card.
Hello, I am not certain id this is a legal matter but I did want to ask.
I'd like to know what actions/charges are grounds to file an order of protection.
Yes, I can not legally do anything. I cannot get ID, I have been living  under  false Identity
I know id have to check with the insurance company to see if he removed me 1st
Hi Daniel, I'd like to know what forms to file to petition for constructive emancipation.
I'd like to know if a marriage consultation is required before filing for divorce
Id like to know what documents id need to surrender my parental rights as a non-custodial parent
I'd like to get some resource of how to get legal advice on sexual assault
I love in a sro in the Bronx county. I'd like to know I'd by law an i allowed to have Visitors
Id like legal counseling to take legal actions and a divorce
Also, do I as my roommates landlord have a right to a valid copy of his I.D.?
id like to take him to court for full custody and also to make sure she isn’t around her
I'd just like to print or download my petition but I am going in circles
Yes, I'd also be interested in a general referral. thank you
i id filed and my pin has been sent as well
No I hope that does it there not only  pets there my family and don't know what I'd do if I lost them
Oh that is great thanks, there is one othet thing I'd like help with if that's ok?
id like to file it online please?
Thank you. That would be great.Without a photo ID i am being blocked at all turns.
I have famly court hearing that Id like advice for
can u find my tax Id number?
thank you.  I'd like to speak with or chat with an attorney.  do you have names & numbers?
I'd like to get legal advice on a sexual assault that happened to me about 4 years ago
I'd like help filling out my family court paperwork
id like to file a emergency custody change is there a way we can talk or do we have to chat
Id like to file a new petition concerning my biological son Christian
I already have the order of protection. I'd like her to be added
i though id need to go through NJ courts ?
also i have a family court matter id like some advice on
I'd like your help with a emergency situation.
For photo id. We need the other documents even for a non driver I.D.
id really like to speak to a trained legal expert to understand my options.
yes I'd  like to speak to attorneys about this
Hi I'd like to know the best way to go about an situation regarding child support in NY but the child doesnt reside in NYC
Perfect, I'd love that info, thanks
id like to know if i can join any lawsuits that might be happening against  suffolk county for this never ending lockdown
How do I get a individual tax Id number and how much is the cost of it
I did refile GF-17 as they told me to do that at court and just got a document id number.
I'd like assistance in finding an attorney for a lawsuit that has been filed against me
I believe so. For example I am 29 and I'd like for my step-dad to adopt me so that he is on my documentation.
I don't know the difference but I'd say both
Id like to kno if i pay rent or hold until some sort of hearing
I'd like to know what organization can assist me in filing a petition for visitation
i need help  whit  my ny  sate  id
I'd like to consider active duty.
i'd like to know how do go go about getting spousal support
I'd like to file an order of protection against verbally abusive spouse
i have done that next appointment id for june
hello, I'd like to get some information about divorce
Hi, I'd like a copy of an existing family court order and cannot find it on the website
id like to file for custody of my daughter, living in NY
Need a agency or someone with authority to request my Id
My situation has some unique details and I'd like to talk to a lawyer about it
Do I have to retain an attorney to do this? I'd like to be amicable and do it myself.
And, the child support I have been receiving thus far is not sufficient. I'd like to do something about.
I'd like to file paper work on full custody of my son. Can i do that online?
I have a signed lithograph I'd like to get.
I'd like to know my rights as a father involving getting custody of my children
But it's true that Respondent can get a copy of the affidavit from the Record room. I'd like to prevent that.
