Cab you assist with connecting with a court appointed lawyer ?
I would like to get an appointment with attorney about divorce and child support process
and in family court I have a court appointed attorney
she has already missed many important appointments
Can I get a court appointment attorney in a child support proceeding as an indigent person?
can I just go inside the court or will I have to make an appointment?
and I would like to get a lawyer appointed to me before my court date
I need to file for custody and don't know how to request an appointment
That give information, but not an actual form or place to make an appointment in court
looking for forms to help me ask family judge for court appointed lawyer.
I would like to learn how to make an appointment with a uscis officer
My appointment was on April 24 but for the pandemic the court close, Bronx family court
hi. I am looking for form to be appointed an lawyer
I would like to know what forms I need to be appointed as my son's guardian? He is an adult.
i took the form asking for a court  appointed lawyer so at the next date i bring that an it'll get adjourned again?
No my child needs a new appointed lawyer
I have no income and I need a court appointed attorney
Do you know if I need to make an appointment to get family court information or can I walk in?
I know courts are closed, is there a virtual appointment for consultation?
I need help setting an appointment to file for divorce
I am still waiting for a court appointed attorney currently
they told me I have to make an appointment to see a judge
Where can I make an appointment to file a child support in Manhattan
Hello I am trying to get contact information for my court appointed lawyet
Is there a way to get a free court appointed attorney?
I have a appointment on Tuesday July 7th 2020
i would like to make an appointment for custody / visitation
Ok,thank u...do you have any idea when a face to face appointment may be able to be made?
Do I need to make an appointment to get it changed?
In the alternative I would like to possibly make a one on one appointment In your office to discuss further
I had court for child support on june. It was canceled due to coronavirus. When will i get an appointment
I need help finding a court appointed lawer
I need help with a court appointed lawyer and how to respond to a law suit summons since my court is closed
I’ve only been to court once and missed my last court appointment
before the pandemic I have appointment for child support and I’m waiting for another appointment and you not send to me
Where can I print paternity papers to send to court and get an appointment?
What paperwork do you need get court appointed lawyer in family court
what form do I fill out ask family court judge for help getting court appointed lawyer
Waiver of citation renunciation and consent to appointment of administrator
When can he request a court appointed attorney? Before filing the modifcation petition?
Want Make appointment to see juge for my payment modification
where can I contact for a free court appointed lawyer
The lawyer appointed to her till she's 18
I need a make appointment for child support I need to see the judge 👨‍⚖️  please
and any free or court appointed lawyers in Nassau
Thank you for all of your help you have helped me more than the lawyer appointed to my case.
how to i start the filing procedure? go to the courts? do you need an appointment?
I've made an order to have court appointed counsel
I have no idea- I need a court appointed attorney how do I get one
No. I was her appointed as the legal guardian of her affairs but I was informed this is no good once she died
Do I need an appointment to open a petition for custod
are there any locations that are open for in person appointments so i can get one on one help?
Try to a appointment to lower payment the case is in bronx
Is there anything out there for somebody with disabilities my court appointed lawyer has failed me
Ok I’ll call them and make an appointment
I have an appointment but I don't know if the court will give me a lawyer
I'm trying to get to family court but they only accepting appointments how can I make one
Hi, are there income guidelines that are used to determine eligibility for a court appointed lawyer? If so where can I find them?
Do you know if those that had appointments  and got canceled due to COVID are getting automatic new appointments? Should I wait or file again?
I do not know the details of her case. I like to make an appointment for her
im wondering how I can request a free court appointed lawyer
And I also would like to know is there and lawyer that can help me a court appointed lawyer
Wondering if the court appoints one or the parent is soup pose to find one
How can I request a change in coNsel ( my son's s appointed attorney) ?
There is a court date set for this month involving a custody matter. How do I go about getting an appointed attorney?
and i cant go with her on appointents now to check on my baby's health
I'm running into an appointment.  Thank you for your help.
she sayin she has a child support appointment wensday at 1
I need a court appointed attorney if these referrals are unable to help me in court.
rephrase. Allowed racist comments to be made by court appointed council
i need to help with court appointment divorce mediation
After I do the diy form how can I get a video appointment with the courts
It was put in place by my child's attorney that was appointed through the family court
We don’t have a visitation schedule appointed by the courts.
Hello is there a way to make appointments online
Can I apply for a lawyer thru the child support court appointed lawyer by goin there and filing a dispute claim
I received notice that house will go to court to appoint referee
I need help finding and filing forms for court appointed attorney regarding my minor son
And when exactly will I get a court appointed lawyer
But they gave me my appointment till Dec 4 of this year
do i need to call to make an appointment or simply go
if i plead not guilty will the judge appoint one for me
Manhattan but the court house seems to be closed and there are no available appointments on the scheduler site
it is saying that there are no more appointments available for the next 2 years
Do you think is better to go to the court to do the new appointment.
Ok cause she sayin she has a appointment on wensday at 1 how is that true and there closed
I have a county criminal case, the appointed attorney thinks im guilty and i should go back to jail
I would like to make a court appointment with the mother of my son
I would like to make an appointment to file a child support request
I wanted to file for custody and have a court appointed lawyer
Am I potentially eligible for a free lawyer to be appointed to me when we go to the referee?
I’m going to get a court appointed lawyer as I can’t afford one
Is there a way to get a sliding scale or court appointed lawyer based on income bc I am a disabled veteran
when I call they tell me I will get an appointment by mail
I just want to no how can I get a appointment for child support in bronx courts this month
I really don’t know what to do and do you know if I c an get a court appointed lawyer to help us
How to go about requesting a court appointed attorney before a pretrial
Is he able to get a free court appointed attorney if he filed for visits and custody?
I need a court appointed lawyer for family court
Are you making appointments at all for those seeking help? I'm assuming not at this time,due to covid....but it never hurts to ask,lol
As the petitioner is an ongoing family court proceeding, how can I apply for a court appointed attorney?
If we petition Surrogates Court to be appointed administrator, will the court follow a process in that county to look for a will?
Do you need an appointment in family court to file for custody? Or can you just walk in?
I need a court appointed lawyer to my case
i dont want to wait for court appointed bcus case will get adjourned again and i will lose a day of work
Can I get one appointed to me for free or one that can make him pay for my representation.
I’m waiting for my appointment I had a appointment in April 2
I have court in a few weeks and i cannot afford a lawyer. How do i get one  appointed to me?
For the volunteer program, do I need t o make an appointment or it's walk-in
I would like to take about set up an appointment with a lift advisor how do I do about it?
Hi, My ex filed a support order. I can’t afford an attorney. Would I qualify for a court appointed attorney? Court in Yonkers.
will they m be able to tell if can get a court appointed lawyer for my case?
I would like to know more information about getting an appointment for mediation
I would like to know what is the income threshold for a court appointed lawyer?
dont know if the court house is going in by appointment or just walk in
I won't get one appointed til court
The access to Benefits Helpline  is where I can make an appointment to see a lawyer?
Can I go to the court and file papers or do I need an appointment
