I have been apart from my wife for then six month after a dispute where the police were called
Never mind the police allowed her to take them home
HELLO HOW ARE YOU? I WAS ASSAULTED BY POLICE AND ASKING HELP IN GETTING A POLICE REPORT IN NEW YORK
it’s been a while since I been In the court and I filled a police report yesterday at the Police station
so at this point I have no copy or anything except for the police report I filed.
I called the police and I was told to go to court. My kids father refuses to leave my residence
I have to police reports because we had verbal disputes that could have gon bad so I called for my safety
Yeah I want to know if I can get a copy of my police report
never made a police report because he always come back and talk about family
Ok thanks. Seems like I would have to get the police involved to stop this.
The police say it is a court matter no i have not talk to da
If my aunts have been arrested by the DEA and we have not had an inmate number or a police report
I am experiencing harassment and i have been arrested on a false police report for assault.  I never assaulted anyone.  I am a veteran
My ex girlfriend made false accusations to the police getting me arrested for 18 hours leading to truama
the police are aware and so is th e landlord
i have shown it to th e police and they are awat3 also
SINCE THE I WAS ARREST BECAUSE SHE  FILED A POLICE REPORT THE I WAS TAKE HER PROPERTY
I have police report for first event nothing on the second which was a much worst event
I called the police today and when they came to the apt said it was not their job to deal with him.
crimical judgice report /paperwork an a police report should be at 1 Penn police plaza the records I need
she keeps calling the police and child services on me and I keep being investigated due to her false allegations
Hello. I am looking for help. I have an 18 ur old son and his father has called the police t j is morning
i cant call police. He has already threatened me about that.
Everytime I go to file a police report regarding the abusive incidents the Police would not allow me to file a report.
police wont help me and nor will family court
Now they are calling the police stated that he making threats to the school
I have someone that needs to service someone with a restraining order. does the person contact the police department or is there a marshals list.
i must call the Police to know if there is a FISA warrant, or to the Department of Justice?
I offer my company to older men, therefore I’m a bit afraid to go to the police and file a report
Is visitation contingent on full child support payments and...is this a police matter?
can landlord call police  officer  evict us out
Yes & police report filed,FTC report, master card(debit card)
Hey I just wanted to know can the court give me a copy of the police report filed against me
I need help to file a police report my identity theft  my identity has been stolen
I need help in discrimination and my rights being violated by the watertown city police department
ive filed a police report but id like to press charges
It's police reports and I supplied events n the judge dismissed my case
Hi I need police clearance certification for immigration purposes how and where do I need to go
yes, she went to the police to get a restraining order
I did a police report to her saying that I have evidence that she set up everything lien
Should I report to the police if she continue to harass us
it was only when he jumped over a moving van and with police last help did the admit him
i called police he is escorted for the day but returns because he has lived here more than 3 months.
police have come to the building about him several times recently for fighting
im wondering if i can press charges on somone who lied to police about wanting to kill myself and having me sent to the hospital;
the problem with calling police is with COVID they are releasing everyone within 24hrs which means she would then be in danger again
I WAS ASSAULTED IN 2 STATES. I NEED POLICE REPORTS FROM BOTH STATES
Why do you think it sounds like a police matter?
Thank you for your help. I'll do more research and see how I can anonymously report it to the police
Also, her mother is threatening to call the police because I am in violation of the visitation. But her daughter is clearly distressed
my husband exaggerates situations and  now he's actually getting police reports in his favor
should I call the local police to locate my daughter?
On 8/21, I also make a police report.
With regards to eviction,  restraining orders,  getting services,  calling the police e.t.c
I need a lawyer my son's dad beat me I have the police report
am unemployed but i will need a lawyer to obtain my papper work transcrip police report min report certified since now am facing deportation
Woodbrigde police turn me away, they didn’t help me😢😢😢😢
Police arrest, over allegations. In My Housing, Wich i obtain thru homelesness
I it on video and even the police report indicates it...he threatened me, my property and my animals
We have also filed numerous complaints to our local police department as well.
Then when I called the police to get in the apartment all my things were missing.
The officer just gave me a copy of the report and told me to go to buffalo police and report what happened the night before.
the police released my son to me and told me to go to family court
I have submitted paperwork to she on harassment should I call the police
the police officer that were here 2 days ago told me that I need to get a lawyer
If i try for a say away order for my son, would i have to go to court for that ? Or a police station?
She receives only SSI and he has her fully threaten if she report him to the police
would that be a police matter would you know or do I have to contact the record's website?
The Nassau County Police Department asked me for documentation that my case was dismissed
for crimicail judgice report an police report
Yes, if I do know where she is and I go with the police can I take my daughter or will my request be denied
I've made a police report (I do every time)
police ssay that family court matter
I just know he is arrested and whant to know how can I find what station of the police he is
At that point the police have the right/obligation to enforce an order from the court, yes?
i was tild by police we can do a pettion agreement for him retunring to the house
i was call the police they don’t give me the my son
Her family went to her apartment and she was gone. They contacted the police and reported her and my daughter missing
There were police reports filed with counts of criminal mischief,  assault and harrassment
I WILL TRY BUT I FEEL THERE SHOULD BE A PLACE TO FILE CRIMINAL CHARGES BECAUSE THE POLICE ARE NOT GIVING ME A REPORT
?? Well it scenes it has escalated to management now I had filed a police report on the neighbor
I have filed proof of hatrassment, history of violent behavior police reports ect
She would also like me to reimburse her for her lawyers fee because she is hiring one to get the police report for her ?
The police said l had a driver license in 1990 under a name that wasn’t mine
I called the police on him and the police came attacked me gave me a hernia
I went to the police and they stated they can not do anything I would have to go to court...
Hi I need police clearance certification for wava petition and where should I go
My mothers neighbors  are scared to make reports of what they hear to the police
THE LANDLORD JUST HIT THE DISABLED NEIGHBOR. HIT AND POLICE DONT REPORT IT.
he will go to the police station the press charges against the specific  staff member
I called the police dept that issued the summons and they said, "dont drive , it's an automatic arrest if you get pulled over".
I was under the impression PRP dealt more with prison conditions than police brutality / unlawful arrests
the police can’t see if she alive with out writ
I’ve already filed a police report
Can you clarify: if the other parent calls the police because I refuse to leave her, they will not arrest me?
I need to know if I can go even if I never been to the police
I already have several police reports, and there are orders of protection in place. I believe the crime victims compensation caps at $500
inhave PTSD from the police ever since that time
we went to dinner and even hugged when we parted. Then next day I had the police at my door
i was talking to somebody I just need to know if I can go to the court even if I never been to the police
Yes he will not go and the police can't make him
I called the police and they said I can make a police report because that’s extortion
THE CCRB CIVILIAN COMPLAINT REVIEW BOARD IS HIDING THE ANSWERS FROM ME ON MY COMPLAINT AGAINST POLICE
So I went to buffalo police where I filed another report.
He has the police report from the incident and could get access to any documents necessary from his insurance
Also she has been physically abusive and there is a police report but it is only considered harassment in the second degree.
She lives in a gated community and has threatened to call police on me
Police believed him and let his aid enter through a window with out contacting my mom
the police dont give me a REPORT TO TAKE THEM TO CRIMINAL COURT FOR FABRICATIONS AND THEFTS
does nys police have any enforcements in custody visitations
I did go to police one time prior to this incident for my self
I will let the police know if contacts me or comes near me
Should i call police or should i go to Georgia to get my daughter
I wil be filing a police report soon against the police, for physical and sexual assault
A police report was made when the incident happemd
the police said my sis could get trouble
Can they give me my police report at the court my court date is in January
The one time I went to the police about this, they lblew me off
Hi, I am looking for advice after a verbal dispute with my neighbor, who then afterwards has twice called the police on me for 'trespass'
i cant go through criminal because the police wont help me
absolutely! wow, thanks somuch as it s a very corrupt police dept and unbelievable how the crimes are abundant in our apts.
the police were called he filled out a report and there were witnesses to this situation and the incident was on camera
My old clinic had called the Emt and police on me because of a supervisor that made me snapped and was very disrespectful towards me.
There is police reports on file for domestic issues because of his behavior as well.
we have pictures and  3 police officers witness his behavior also
I just talk to the police station in Chicago and they said...I should take legal action from NY now...
The police said they can not makey daughter give her back to me
