I'm good thanks! I'm looking for some help with  immigration
right thats all pretty general information. -i'm looking for some more specifics about a newborn child etc.
And I'm specifically looking for custody information
I am looking to obtain a long form divorce decree from the Queens Cty clerk.
i was looking to get some guidance on child custody
Looking for resources to locate someone to help
Im looking for forms to file comtempt of custody
I work with the NYC OCSS and I'm looking up the state forms regarding COLA
I'm looking for a lawyer who can help with defamation of character and discrimination
Let me take a look at that second website.
If u look on the court website one is gf41a and the other is gf17 if I'm not mistaking
Im looking to file for custody and child support
hello im looking for imformation about a family court lawyer
Im looking for more information regarding an upcoming case I have
Hi I am looking for the article of 1983 right to sue
I'm looking for an attorney for my ssi overpayment case. That i now live in the uk
im just looking to be pointed in the direction of a lawyer that can help
Im looking for a lawyer to get a divorce
Thanks. she has a newer form then the one I am looking at so questions are a bit off
Hi I’m looking for a form for guardianship
I'm looking for a direct link to the modification form.
Im looking where I could get the forms online to do so
Yes I'm looking now. It might be helpful. Anymore resources?
No I wasn’t looking for a lawyer I was looking for information for the court
My messege is to looking her action I replay my write
Im looking for family court forms
I'm looking to download the mistake of fact form
I'm looking for the papers to file for child support
Hi my name is Keshia; I am looking for a  template for a demand letter.  Can you assist me on where to look?  Thank you
Hi I'm looking for a lawyer im the tendent
I'm just looking for a lawyer that handles my specific situation
I'm looking for a lawyer to appeal extended quarantine dates
I'm looking for a negligence premises liability lawyer
I'm looking for a lawyer in Livingston county to help with a quarantine order
I'm looking for help about a lawsuit that I'm facing and I have no idea what to do
im looking for the child petition form
Hello I'm looking for Representation for my unemployment case
im looking for a criminal defense attorney
I am looking to understand my rights and liability in this situation
if the form came with a line by line explanation/directions we would know what they are looking for
looking to press chargegs against dss for there wrong doing
I'm looking for information about what constitutes a verbal contract. I'm also looking for advocacy groups that may help me in my area.
I'm looking help to handle a child support case
I'm looking for guardianship of a child(deceased parent) in Spanish
I am looking for the form to terminate my child support.
i'm looking for information about a couple of topics
I'm looking for an attorney with experience in child custody visitation
looking to file an annulment and need help\
I haven't really found there what I am looking for yet
I'm looking to NEGOTIATE with my landlord. Not looking for funds to help me pay rent. As I know I am not eligible
Hi im looking for information on how to file for custody and child support online
Thank you, I will look into using the child support diy form
unfortunately, I have looked at that website and find it really confusing to understand
So im looking for a lawyer that can help me with this situation
I'm looking for a free lawyer  I'm currently not working  n I'm looking to get a divorce
and everywhere I have looked says she's gotta be 16 not 17 so I will have to look at your link.
im looking for the diy forms to file for custody
Hi im looking for Chemung County family court modification papers
I'm looking for a DIY form. Writ
Basically what I'm looking for a like a Hipaa release, except for court record.
Im looking to get a hospital for mal practice not an attorney...
im looking to find a lawyer to help with filing divorce
i am looking for a diy form to terminate placement
I'm looking for help obtaining a divorce, I plan to ask for alimony
im looking for help obtaining a criminal lawyer
I'm not looking for advice I'm asking about policy.
Okay, I'm already sifting through it but not finding the answer I am looking for
I'm not looking to file bankruptcy, I'm looking for somebody to help me with the paperwork that was submitted to me
Well, I was looking for resources for my problem, not specifically NYSBA
im on the lawhelp website but I don't see my subject under forms. the forms I,m looking for are dyi eviction forms
Hi, I'm looking for a relocation petition to file in NY.
I am looking for the self help form for filing for custody but only finding the modification or enforcement forms. am i missing it?
Look to see what form I need to file in support/family court for non willful violation
I have been looking for a few days now and I think I'm just going in the same circle
I'm a Canadian citizen looking for political asylum in the usa
im looking for help on child relocation
Hi, I'm looking to file divorce (though we're unmarried however share a child) and I'm looking for full custody
I’m looking for a lawyer who can advise me about unpaid child support
I'm looking for help to file  Bankruptcy
Im looking to legally separate from my spouse
I am looking for legal help with my HP action
Im just looking for forms to file for child support on website
Hello, im looking for the form to fill out for child support
I was looking for the printable form not the online form
Im looking to find a lawyer to help with this.
It’s look like I don’t have good luck at all 💔
I’m looking for a mediator for a custody plan
I'm looking to get a divorce. We have been separated for a year.
Hi I'm looking to fill out online custody papers
I'm just looking for any loans from the governemnt for hardship or homeless or needy folks
I'm looking for which document I can submit/complete to obtain a Consent Order for Custody based upon the parties' written agreement
Hi, I'm looking for a guide ab
Hi i sm looking for the nylag mediatian
Im looking for the form 17 petition for custody
Im not looking for an agreement, I want to file for one, just as you do with a divorce
Hello. Im looking to file for divorce.
I have not paid child support in 3 weeks   I'm looking to fill out a form
No not really I am not looking to appeal  my child support I am just looking to ways of getting affordable insurance
I’m looking to change primary custody
this looks like it’s about negotiating at court
This is not an emergency. I'm looking for probono services to help my group of parents and educators incorporate our group as a 501c3 nonforprofit
so my name is christina im looking to obtain a Modification Order for a court approval online \.
i am looking for termination of child support forms
I am looking for a form which I can use to suspend payments from my ex-wife
I'm looking for a lawyer who can help me with small estate account for my brother
I just need to look at one to see what they look like ?
hi there, I am looking to find a POA form in Spanish
I am looking to discuss a situation I was in while I was staying in a shelter
I'm looking to find a right lawyer for the case
Looking for a child support lawyer who is aggressive and good at what they practice
Im looking at stuff for evictions and none of them pertain to our situation.
Im looking for a lawyer who can help me i have charges from Connecticut but i live in the bronx
I am looking for help in changing a custody order into a guardianship
Already done that im looking for contempt not modify or enforce
I am looking for help with a tax debt litc
I’m looking on behalf of my son Timothy Eatmon jr he’s incarcerated and is looking for an assigned councel
Hi.. im looking for information on how to terminate child support
I was looking for legal help with small businesses? regarding trademarking?
Hello, I'm looking for a very good lawyer for will/probate
Hello I'm looking for forms to file for custody
I don’t think so but I’ll keep looking
I'm looking to see what I need to do to get guardianship of the lils
Im looking to upload documents for a court hearing
I am looking for e filling options for contested divorce and child custody
Not looking to divorce just looking to legally separate first
Looking for resources for LGBT couples has been difficult.
Hi Sama! I am looking for Nursing Disciplinary guidance
I'm looking on how do I file for custody and child support
i was just hoping somone can look over the papers i had to fill out
Hi im looking for form to start a case to evict a family member
I'm looking for a DIY will form for NY State.
I think you gave me plenty to look over! I appreciate all your help
Im looking for assistance in filing for guardianship of my Daughter, Probono
looking for child support forms to file
it looks like form 41 is an enforcement, is there a violation one?
Actually, those are the custody forms. I’m looking for child/spousal support forms?
I am looking to better understand a legal separation agreement.
I'm looking to file a petition in family court to terminate my child support order..
hi - yes just looking for information on forms to file for a child support
Thank you! I looked but could only find 2 forms that were for if you already have filed
Looking for a divorce where my spouse wants nothing to do with it and will not sign any papers and will not go to court
im looking for the custody form but I can’t found it
I'm looking for a form from support to cancel it as my child is emancipated.
Am looking for form 40, for custody modification
also after looking those are not forms for indifiduals, it looks like lawyer forms
Thank you, I will look into using the child support diy form.
Hi I'm looking for a divorce mediator or lawyer who works probono or sliding scale
I'm looking for a probono probate lawyer i i think.
I am looking for a form to petition my child's dad for support
I am looking for a modfication form because i have my daugher living with me now to be off child support
Just really looking to see what papers I will need to file with the court.
I am not looking for support.  I am looking to have visitation modified
I looked at that line I don’t see the forms
I'm looking for a fillable form for Affidavit of No Other Name. Is there one on this website? What category is it under. Thank you.
I'm looking for the contact number for family court in the Bronx because I'm looking to file a full custody for my son
We are looking for form to cross petition DSS
it was a custody case and i'm just looking for the final judgment decree
hi i am looking to file a writ of habeas corpus
I just received Electronic filing paper for a divorce I'm looking for an attorney
Im need help looking for legal representation?  I don't believe you are affiliated with any legal firms nor groups either.
I am a non-parent looking to obtain custody of my nephew.
probably if i spoke spanish i would know what i was looking at!
Hi, om looking for help to file a order of filiation
i'm looking for a lawyer to help with a current dispute between my landlord and myself
I hope you can help, I’ve been looking for resources everywhere.
I am looking to combine my divorce and custody as one.
Im receving the support not paying it so I'm looking to increase the support amount
I'm looking for a lawyer for a custody case
I am looking for the child support change of payee form
pls can you share the site/link to look up foreclosure status?
I am looking to find the list of transcriptionists on the website
I have to go to a meeting now, thank-you! I will look into those resources.
I had a hearing on 10/7 which I looked up my file thats how I knew.
im looking for the website to file family court petitions electronically
we have some judgements and tings like that and I am looking for help on what to do about them. Some have been partial released
Okay I'm looking for someone to tell me what type of time am I looking at for these charges
looking for a mediator not to expensive for a divorce and child custody
Hello, I'm just looking for information on how to remove a child support order
Im look for do it ur self GF 40 form
Aaliyah mejias I'm looking for.housing help
