I've been waiting since March to get this resolved
History: I have Crohn's disease. I've been hospitalized over a dozen times. I've never feared for my life, like I did that night
Ive also tried the web sites and ive had no luck
I have a question about signing a "Receipt and Release' form I've received from the lawyer of the executor of the will.
i need help please ,i've 2 kids and i've cut out of my paycheck
Yes, I've had an order in place 17 years.
Ive tried contacting my lawyer but i haven't heard back
I've been avoiding putting in an offical complaint because i am afraid it will affect my neighbors
No I've been separated since april 9, 2019
It says if I've already applied that there's no reason for me to reapply
I've been living with my partner for t 13 years as common wealth marrige do I have any rights
Ive never been unemployed in my 20 plus years of working and this is the first time that I’ve been in this situation.
Sorry for all the questions. I've never had to deal with this stuff before
I've ready that and pretty much the whole website and yours as well!
I need some coronavirus information. I've searched but can't get a clear answer
Okay, thank you. I've been unemployed since last Nov., so presumably I
Yeah I've never been any court orders in place involving myself or my child
please, i've already paid $48K for divorce attorney, the well is dry
ive been calling for last 3 hours
There isn't much that I've tried to get someone to help us
Ive been homeless in Chicago 2 years now
Yes I tried contacting the court house all day and I've had no luck
I'm trying to figure out how the smoking ban in residents is actually enforced. I've made 311 calls for years.
I've tried to talk with child support offices and never can get anywhere with them
all the help ive been receiving since I been home! more than half has been taking from me
I am desperate I'm in such debt I've never been in this much debt
Circles I've already done three laps LOL
but I see no option to actually do it online and I've already mailed my documents over a month ago
Thank you. I think ive tried most its ok.
I've explained that she also harms my health with her toxic behavior
I've read that it doesn't address my issue
ive read the nys moratorium on mortgages and rent holds but it isn’t quite specific in my case.
I've never done chat before, can you see the question I posted previously?
I juz wanted to confirm if the lawyer exists in real life or not. Actually, I've her documents but I an
it took me 2 hours to do it ive been everywhere this system is terrible for people who need help fast
I've been  trying to get to someone from the yonkers office about my uscis petition
Thank you so much!!! Ive been searching for hours
we don't have one - ive represented myself during the hearings
The only person I've spoken to is someone from the foster care agency who contacted me about this situation
Thank you. It's taking me a while to get to this point I've been very afraid that no one would help.
Sadly, I figured that you organization wouldn't be able to help. I've been sent in circles regarding this matter from numerous agencies
I never received a court hearing because I've moved twice since then
im sorry but ive looked through all the paper.
Done !  Thanks, I've got to go now.
I've been trying to find help since i had to release my lawyer and now I have court on the 29th with no representation again
I think I have called at least one of them. I'm reaching out because I've been looking for advice for a couple of days now.
Documents on my computor Ive never done this I made a copy.
Yes, I've already looked at it and it's not giving me any insight.
I've made it this far!! Hoping I can succeed!!
And especially this week I've been filling in a ton of details
I've looked at this already, but it doesn't seems to address move out fees
Yes Regine Pointdujour ive been having a very difficult time communication with attorney she is always busy
is there any chance if i file petition can the child support be raised since ive had an increase in salary
I've never heard of such a process 3 days later after my court date.
I want to move out because of the terrible way I've been treated.
ive had full custody of him since birth, will i be Able to get help in the adoption
I've already called the 212 number and everyone ive talked to has reffered me here
Hello im trying to get some help from you guys ive delt a lawyer from here
Thank you for searching! I've also tried searching.
I need to start a law sue against my landlord. I've had a broken window since june
Now I've done quite a bit of research, and it looks like she cant give up his rights unless there is someone to adopt.
Thanks so much Collen. Wish me look. I've been turned down buy many attorneys  due to lack of income.
I've been going to shelter to shelter in Kearney looking for apartments
hello , ive requesred a transcript but still have not received it
You've helped alot I need to file for guardianship according to what I've read . Thanks again
Ive already sign up there doing a back ground check on me thats why i am asking
I've had a leaky sink for months and now it smells moldy in my apt
i did not emailed the papers.  I'ved mailed it as instructed
Yes I've read it and have it downloaded. Thanks Don- I think I'm all set
ive been out of work since November and haven’t received any payments
as I've said she's trying to venue shop
I'm looking for help retaining my license.   I've been denied twice.
Thank you ... yes, I've see this on the website ... very useful
Unfortunately I've already called those and they all told me they were full and could not assist me
I've been trying for weeks to get unemployment calling on my day and I get hung up on everytime
Also, I've never received an increase based on income
i've watched some of your videos on youtube and understand the general outline of things - paternity, support, custody
Ive called all the ones on the list for legalaidny.org
I've never been through this, so I wasn't sure exactly what to do.
I've attempted this process for years & it ends up endlessly & I give up again
Ok I've been trying to get SSDi I have applied twice and they keep denying me and I'm really not qualified to work
Ive received alot of information but Im looking for advice
That's why I've turned to the chat session.
I've aged through this heartache of not seeing my granddaughters
courts are close and ive been trying to contack the clerk office
hopefully they can help I've been calling all over the place
I've written the notes and even spoken to them once or twice.At wits end they purposely run .
no , im ive been looking online to see if i can retrieve it online.. and courts are only doing essential
I've looked at both of these sites already and I am unable to find my answer on them
I've been working for a US company for over 5 years
I need a real estate lawyer. I've been partitioned out of my house by the coowners.
I've left several messages for days and have received no call backs...
I've done all that already but still don't understand it.  They say I can file an answer online
Yes, and I've hinted at that with them but haven't withheld any rent as of yet
Yeah that's what I've been encountering as well
ive had to deal with addiction issues so unfortunately I could not get the test done
Can I file the form I've made online, or does it need to be in person
Ive been staying in this hotel for over 2 months and they trying to put me out because I miss 2 days of payment
I've read that already. I am trying to find a specific petition for it, or at least a blueprint
I've been searching for seasonal jobs or other HHA agencies
hi Annie, so I've been having issues with my landlord throughout the 2 years I've been renting
so pretty much im list as where to go ive wrote called people to get no where
I've been homeless for a little over a month now , this has ruined me .... Everything I tried has not worked for me ...
but i've been through so much worse that i dont always recognize it
Ive made several attempts and no one is available.
I've been tricked into thinking I was in a court with a judge, now she won't face me, they gave me some other magistrates
ive been with my current boyfriend for 8+ years
I've gotten in contact by a couple people and have been told they will call me back. And it continues with the same response
I've already work with legal services of the Hudson Valley they refused to do an appeal
Ive looked everywhere i just need help
Ok Dennis, I've Book marked both sites. A brief discription of each please.
Hi. I am trying to find some legal information on a situation I've been dealing with with my landlord.
This was about 5 days after exercising my rights. I've lived there for 6 years without missing a rent payment
Thank you so so much!  this is beyond any help I've been able to receive for the past 5 days
Hi I've spoken to you guys in the past and you guys gave great information back to me
Thank you.  I've tried calling and no one picks up
I don't want to move i've been living here for 6-7 years roughly.
As much as you can provide would be great. I've been trying for the past year to get things straighten out
ive returned home to the US. im in NY
Not covered by landlord insurance,  I've read that is required
I've had a leaky sink for months, and now it smells like mold
ive been trying for over an hour to get some help and nothing.
ive been unemployed since April 17th of this year
It may not be a DIY form. I've searched for it and it's just not coming up.
Thank you,I've tried I live in FLA and they don't help with child support,it's quite sad I've been through the wringer
I've had my hearing but apart from the landlord receiving paperwork, do i also receive anything with dates?
I was incarcerated for some time and I've never petitioned the court for a downward modification
I've been evicted. I don't think it was legal
My landlord secretly recorded me ive sd card full of vid aud and pics
Thanks I've already delt with legal ade and family services...no use what so ever I'll try the others
Yes, I calculated it and it's about $60 more than what I've been paying
I've been out of work since October 27th and I applied for SNAP on November 8th.
Well I've already gave up rights a long time ago and now I'm terminating child support cause I already paid what judge wanted
I'm really hoping that you can help because I've been fighting this battle for a long time I need help now
Thank you, I've contacted places similar to these with no success I hope these work for me
I've found the modification form already, but thank you
I've even tried emailing the Governor's office, and legal office but I have not received a response
I've been the primary caregiver since born.
I've heard of this and never knew I'd ever need it or where to try
imagine a 9lace ive been going to for 25 years and somehow th ey have a  connecti
ive been trying to get her back since sunday
Okay thanks yeah I've contacted numerous numbers and such and I come up empty handed
I've searched all the "FAQ's online but none pertain to my situation.
I've called all day long...they don't answer
I've never been violent ever in my life
Ive contacted the BPD on my own last year and I need more involvement
Its not.  I've clicked anything there is to. I did do the rating as it did pop up.
Can I file a petition and send it in and come back? I don't want it to seem like I've abandoned my child.
Still looking, I've got my work cut out for me it seems
That's okay, I've cut and paste the referrals from the chat
Ive never done anything illegal in my life until recently that involved $200 from my employment
I've lived here for 3 years and paid my rent on time
I've heard that new renters rights laws have been signed but I was wondering when they would be effective
I've contacted over 30 and none of them will even return a phone call.
Ok thank you I've also tried contacting child support them selves and have had no luck
I've d filed a petition on April and received no answer
he has none. I've had my nephew since birth. Maternity was never established
There probably arnt any. Or ive already called him
I would appreciate that. I really need the assistance. I'm not getting anywhere with the resources that I've been contacting.
