I’m lookin for an attorney for criminal charges
Hey , I have a question, How can I get a power of attorney?
i can look, I just need to know what kind of attorney I would need
At this present moment I'm unable to pay for a attorney.
Need a attorney to help with my UI/ PUA appeal
Yeah u can give me attorney who can help in filling.
Told me to contact this network to find an attorney because I can no longer afford my current attorney
need to know what can I do in a divorce action if my attorney retired before the trial date?
I need a power of attorney for bank matters in westchester county
My mom is look for assistance with her Power of attorney documentations
My attorney is unwell in Westchester and his response has been linited
hello. what is the percentage of federal poverty guidelines needed to qualify for an 18B attorney to be assigned.
I don’t know what kind of attorney we need
u mean not many attorney will help this case ?
I need an attorney to help me sue a consumer bank for fraudulent charges
Donde puedo conseguir un formulario que se llama "power of attorney" en espanol?
Would  it. Help to file  a complaint with the  attorney General
filed complaint with attorney general on July 15 and have not received any correspondence
Could you help me find attorneys to inquire about this question?
The attorney’s name is Drajic “Daniel” Stevanovic
she did not have an attorney.  What information does she need to receive the judgement from the court?
can she give power of attorney for this process to someone for a small estate  her brother James was 88 broke
I need a power of attorney to try and get my brother properties while hes still incarcerated.
OK, attorney referrals would be good to have as well.
now his daughter is apparebtly raising our rent is taking over as land lord bc she power or attorney
I am looking fir help to become power of attorney for my grandfather who has dementia and is in a nursing home at hospital
She does not want to sign a power of attorney.  I would have issues with her doing that,
My aunt passed how do I become her power of attorney
I have 18 pages and know some of the pages are not needed. I cannotcafford an attorney to do this so I will try
I am tired of looking for divorce lawyers or attorneys
Ok what about pro bona attorneys in private pratice
I want to find an attorney for a case of discrimination and wrongful termination
Well I need help getting an attorney
Looking to file complaint with attorney general
I need help finding a lawyer for a power of attorney
Some family members and church members get together and made up a power attorney behind my back
I am looking for information on getting a template for a power of attorney
I may need an attorney to help me with the appeal
Exspecially if the copy has no witnesses or even a attorney sign it?
other party's attorney is keep asking me to schedule it but not comfortable due to COVID and without an attorney
Ok and are you searching an attorney related to EEO
Not necessarily looking for an attorney - just guidance as to how to get these records
I need an attorney to can act in a timely manner on my behalf.
I need to get guardianship and power of attorney for my how do I go about that?
We already have an attorney and are seeking just advising on negotiations outside of him to see a wider variety of options
I’m trying to find a divorce and family attorney
So the attorney has no power to cancel the index number
Hello. I am need of a power of attorney form in spanish.
I need help to get a criminal attorney
Hi I have a question can a power of attorney letter notarized in a different country be used to sign a lease in New York
i need to find an attorney to help me with power of attorney over my elderly  father
An attorney is needed at this point. I can not even insure the address until all repairs are fixed.
Do you know of any attorneys in my county that charge for their services that deal with unemployment insurance
I need attorney who can read the papers and help me for everything.
I need to send a power of attorney to Morocco
If I want to write the will, which powder of attorney from should I fill it out
Hi, I wanted devise a will and appoint my daughter to be my power of attorney.
I’m nervous and the attorneys are rude and mean
Do you know what kind of attorney I’m looking for?
Proxy and POA formers and a reasonable attorney, for my mom
He feels he was wrongly represented. I am his power of attorney
could you help me find an attorney that deals with identity theft?
Is that all court action stuff ? Do I need an attorney?
well my mother in-law is 92 and in the late stages of dementia. My husband had power of attorney and Health care proxy
I need to find an attorney that is willing to work on contingency for a malpractice case against my former attorney
My payments need to be terminated. I need an attorney.
I searching for assistance with a matter of Misuse of Powere of Attorney
Hi I need an employment attorney attorney
I need assistance concerning my power of attorney , breach if contract, theft by deception,  and conspiracy
need to find attorney who drew up will for dad on fenimore road in Mamaroneck
i just want to know where i can go in manhattan for a power of attorney
If my attorney is not for me what do I do . She has never even challenged the other party has put in
hi, can you help me?  I think I need an attorney
I need to prepare a financial durable power of attorney
My ex file a support order. I can’t afford an attorney. Would I qualify for a court appointed attorney?
Well do I need an attorney if I want to counter sue ?
Are there family offence attorney? Or is that not a type of attorney?
The address you gave if any attorney is ready then he will charge from me or not
What will I have to to do to see one of the attorney s from urban justice?
No I dont have an attorney. I desperately need one
Frank,  I only have one paragraph of getting me an attorney or help, then 3 are you ok
I need a power of attorney form durable
Not enough resource for help find right attorney, etc
I’m look for an attorney that deals with those matters
I accidentally closed your website and lost the limited power of attorney and now don’t know where to find it.
I need to know the details of my sister's defender attorney
I’m trying to find out if an attorney is in fact a real attorney & admitted to the bar. Can you assist?
I need to find an attorney that deals with unemployment insurance
attorneys cant seem to find an attorney to assist in nyc without charging $800 an hour
Have power of attorney paperwork filled out need to see what we have to do with tgem
I am sorry I have to bother you with these questions because I do not have an attorney assigned.
Or would I need to hire a different attorney for the divorce
Just looking to see if I can find who would now be handling cases of retired attorney David Zube.
it would have needed to go to California attorney general ?
I need a referral for a 17a guardianship attorney in queens.
I have custody, I filed a violation and family offense but just discovered i no longer have an attorney
there are diy divorce papers can I do a separation myself or do we need an attorney
I was hoping to find an attorney who could help me
My mother is gravely sick and I need power of attorney for her business affairs
I consulted with an attorney that suggested I contact the ny attorney general office
You have not been very helpful. I am simply just looking for a criminal Attorney that can help me the with sealing an old record
My aunt was power of attorney and executor of the will has given me her blessing. But she lives in Oklahoma
i am looking for assistance in getting power of attorney. where can i find in your website a lawyer that can help with that?
He lived in ny but i don't.i wanted to do it online and also find a power of attorney
Need to find an immigration attorney please have a case
Is there a DIY form to file a power of attorney with the county clerk?
I also mentioned to her that I’d be looking for a divorce attorney
Is an attorney necessary , I am the sole grantee with an attorney prepared will and certified death certificate.
Im struggling to find an attorney to help me
She does not want to give anyone a power of attorney.  THat is giving a lot
I'm in need of an attorney and my finances aren't in abundance right now
I have an attorney already, she just needs me to email her the documents
I have some questions about a power of attorney. My situation is complicated so there will be a lot of explaining
could you give me some resources on how to get power of attorney?
Hi there.  Where can I find a power of attorney form in Spanish for New York?
I found an attorney when I had bed bugs that guided me.
If someone makes me power of attorney over them do I need to go to court
I’m looking for an attorney to help with my custody and support cases
There is an attorney for the child, and an attorney for DSS who I believe will be writing their own responses.
Before l was assigned to a Hiscock attorney but am unsure if l should utilize someone else?
i am looking for an attorney to possibly help with a current inmate and parole
I have been given power of attorney by my Mom who is dying :( What do I do next?
I need help finding a PET ATTORNEY
Can you help me find a divorce attorney as well?
Is there a resource that outlines current  private criminal defense attorneys in my area?
hi, can you hello me? I think I need an attorney.
Durable power of attorney to handle parent financial matters
I been seeking for an attorney in supporting with filling out documents cause I really want to do it right
i have a cchr attorney but she is too hard to even get in touch with on the phone
what kind of attorney i need for my case have a coop and i have problem with management
I’d like to know if I can use any other form of power of attorney other than the statutory short form in nyc
first enduring power of attorney forms
This is what I’m dealing with. Can you direct me to an attorney that can help?
after going to court can i still get an attorney
Yes. Do you have a durable power of attorney form or a link to one?
i need to write a letter to the manager, condo board and their attorneys . I need help doing that. I am a senior.
Cuz I won't even have the same attorney anymore
I am looking for the attorney who can help me to solve the problem
Where can I get the durable power of attorney forms, can I download them ?
I called Attorney General office and states attorney office. No help.
Don’t know if you can help but Do I need a medical power of attorney notarized?
Is the 2010 Power of Attorney the most recent version of the form for NY?
I’m looking for an attorney that can help me with a wrongful accusation to CPS report. What are my options
I'm in need of a criminal defense attorney
I am looking for a form - - Affidavit as to Power of Attorney Being in Full Force not the power of attorney form
I’m now unemployed and don’t have the means to retain an attorney
it’s for durable  power of attorney Over my mom
I it better to have an attorney when filing for full costudy of a child? Or is it ok to not have an attorney?
Just need some information about someone trying to make me power of attorney
if I want to file a divorce, can you help me find an attorney that not expensive?
Hi my father currently in nursing home in order maintain his living state how do I get a power of attorney
Hi, How do I get a copy of an old transaction of power of attorney for 1991
Hi... i have a strange power of attorney question.
I wanted to check and see where can I find a traffic attorney
May find here a durable power of attorney statutory short form?
I do not know where I would fit in for attorney I have a question
Yes, also if I need legal assistant, I may need a probomo attorney. I do not have resourses to hire an attorney.
The person was not aware that someone had a power of attorney over them.
looking for a family offence attorney in NYC area?
Thank you. Can you offer any tips as to how to find an attorney ?
I need help finding an attorney to delivery a demand letter for me
I have been through two attorneys and really don’t have the finances to do it
