ok, if my place of employment doesn’t get written documents say a week prior to the date what should I do?
That would be great! I have called a lot of employment lawyers and haven't gotten any results.
EEOC discrimination in employment. Disability. Federal employer.
just kinda stressed that my employer isn't helping
I was laid off from my job in March 2019.   I have not been paid all of my earnings from when I was employed.
if i were to say no to my former employer and this opportunity, will i lose my ability to collect unemployment?
To talk to a person about employee rights I was fired and the employer is trying to fight my unemployment claim
I have since gained new employment and am taking the necessary means to get my children back
Hurry I have to work at home my employer is risking me and my coworkers lives
If a parent from Michigan is requesting child support and the other parent is in NYS, does the NYS employer have to provide employment verification
My husband was employed with a company last year owes him since.
I need help with a possible sharing of private information that may have been defamation and invasion of privacy  and  from my employer.
Does this risk my employer attorneys could see this info?
I was still employed, my employer said that I can apply for unemployment because of the shutdown situation
I suspect that a former employer is contacting or is having someone contact my  places of employment. That is becoming a major issue.
I'm current employed in Middletown  ny
If we furlough employee and they get UI and the $600.00 per week  can an employer pay them the difference to equal their paycheck?
My employment rights were also violated and I claim I faced multiple retaliatory actions at the workplace and in college.
Ok.   If my employer tries to deny me unemployment wages, can you suggest an attorney?
I meant that I was terminated by my employer. Sorry, typo.
I'm looking for the right direction for legal help with a former employer.
excuse me- 8 weeks is little for over 20 years of employment
how  about the statue of limitation for filing a discrimination suite against a former employer
I need a lawyer. I have issues with my former employer, Emerson Automation Solutions.
Hi Molly I've been getting unemployment for two months can my employer still contest my claim.
As a self employed contractor what do I need as proof of having started a job to family court
It seems that he staling the court. He is self employed and does not file taxes
I am employed but I wanted to know if I meet the qualifications
If you get fired from your job how long does your employer have to pay you what they owe you
what information can you tell about if my former employer contests my unemployment? Sorry
does the employer has to do anything to stop paying unemployment once the office opens
I was fired for informing my employer that I have an upcoming doctors appointment
He claims his income has decreased .. though he has been paying child support during his decreased employment. I suspect from his mother's money.
I am just looking for advice on the process to notify my employer and protect my job
I was going to give the name and number of the employer to my county clerk's office
they are asking for information from my employer but there is no court seal on the paperwork and the index number does not come up
I want to know if I sign a non compete with an employer that bars me from working in my industry
Can I go to his job with the divorce and give it to his employer?
if I'm still on parole, am I eligible to be hired by a NYC employer?
I am in need of a labor lawyer for a possible case against my former employer
I am looking to obtain a information  supeana to get my employee records from my old employer for court
He is employed full time and makes $71,900 per year teaching
I LET MY EMPLOYER KNOW THAT IT WOULD BE EXTRMELY DIFFICULT FOR ME TO WORK DURING THE DAY
I answered that I can pass an illegal drug test on application but the Occ med Dr. told employer I was positive for THC
Can you tell me is it legal to keep pro time once terminated from employment
Im having trouble finding a labor or employment attorney
then yesterday a certified letter came from the employer
hello. I’m currently employed, however, due to COVID-19, I’m on a sick leave.
I’m trying to receive my disposition for my employer
i am employed as a nurse. office is small business
My employer laid me off due to coronavirus. They said I cant use my pto
to terminate the order since I no longer have employment or health insurance
i am in the court for my employment case. I don't have legal representation
because the employer didnt show up and i was sent to inquest
Can an employer give away my shifts even if they are already scheduled?
I have a couple questions about my last employer not paying me my approved vacation time
Do to COVID-19 I was caught in Europe, and my employer said to apply for unemployment and I did.
I was wondering if it is legal for an employer to withhold your pay for two weeks because you quit  without notice
Would I get paper work sent to my employer to stop wage garnishment or do I need to do something myself?
Is it legal for employer to keep pto time one tempo ation of employment if occurred
I need to find help with employment law and consumer protection, separately
At the time my concern was not having employment and trying stay on top of the situation.
I wanted to know if an employer can legally make employees use up their PTO time during a cyber attack shutdown. Thank you!
If my place of employment shuts down voluntary am I eligible for unemployment or can I use FMLA?
Also she spoke to her employer which said do what you need to do for your family at that time.
Can an employer fire someone that owes child support
I am looking to speak with an employment lawyer pro-bono who can review an employment contract with me
I have had a confirmed case of Covid-19 and my employer told me to file unemployment. Can i be fired/laid off for just having Covid-19?
Is there a lawyer that we can contact to discuss the particulars of what her employer is doing and requiring her to do?
I want to move on and find better employment and or even a training that can get me to better finiancial situation.
My employer wants the office fully staffed with no remote work and I'm concerned that these decisions are not safe
i am looking for a lawyer to help with an employment issue I have. I was suspended indefinitely. Without warning or notice.
also wanted to know could i sue my place of employment for withholding information about my spouse ?
Hello if i was told from my. Employer to stay home am I allowed to collect unemployment
I'm not really sure. I was recently denied employment because of something that came up on a background check
to me it seems 88 week is little for over 20 years of employement
all these firms are bribed by NY MTA AND ALLSTATE CLAIMS AND MY EMPLOYER  NOT TO TAKE MY CASES
My employer wants me to take part in a mandatory pooled saliva test as part of COVID protocol.
are there any other resources that you think would be helpful? i suspect this will require an appeal, as my former employer has indicated
my previuos employer were sued and as their ceo i am dragged in to this, i am looking to file a counter suit
I am looking for employment. However on the OCFS I cannot remember 28 years of addresses. How can I obtain this information?
So employer may not be notified until after the birth date? Where would I find the modification petition?  Is that unusually occurs?
I’m just wondering what’s the soonest  an employer have to tell me I’m returning back to work
So last week my former employer requested me to be back to work on June 1st
Would it cost a lot of money? I'm on SSI and do not have employment.
My employer has suspended me without pay after I came forward to HR about the misconduct of my supervisor
the debtors employer lied on the information subpoena questionnaire.  what can I do about that, generally speaking?
Threatening and  put in Physical harms way. And it is for a Volunteer firefighter nonprofit organization. And not for pay employer.
she expressed to me that her employer doesn't pay her any sick days
He just stopped working in march he is self employed
How are is child support calculated when the non custodial party is self employed and does not get a pay check?
I was wondering what one's rights are if an employer says they will "accept your resignation" but the worker has not offered it.
My new girlfriend is very smart on the computer and was able to find her place of employment on facebook
Yes, attorneys who have represented me say it involves education rights and employment rights violations. Correct.
its a participating doctor at a hospital, not employed by the hospital
Years. He is on paid leave from his employer to because I have a Wage Garnishment Order also
I was retaliated against by my employer for reporting racial discrimination in the workplace
What right do my employer has to transfer me base on unfounded allegations?
I have photo I’d of course . Lease , w2 statement from Irs . Pay stubs & letter from employer
we want to send a letter to their prevous employer to send us info on this person. and to contact their current employer
Hi, I have a question regarding the unemployment assistance. I am self employed and I am currently not working because of COVID19
is there any way to legally handle the employers who did not give a written consent to terminate during training
I have question on my rights as being a salary employee laid off, and when i return can my employer cut my salary legally
I recently started a new job and they have sent my employer Notice to Withhold for Health care  benefits.
got it, and I do this even if my employer is based in NYC?
I had Aetna insurance coverage via employer - I now no longer work for
When he is short on employment, he uses her money, for all his expenses
Can I be denied employment if I'm still on parole?
THEY TERMINATED ME FROM EMPLOYMENT SAYING THAT I CANT WORK THE HIUR SO THEY'RE ETTING ME GO
This fellow has cause Me not to get Accept it in a lot of employments
I'm looking for a lawyer for a specific incident. We reside in NY, however, the conflict regarding employment occurred in California
Modification of a support order due to change in employment and income
Are you able to give advice regarding an employment issue?
my question...can an employer tell your office you have covid by using your name instead of saying 'a coworker'?
Bi-weekly payments that have been coming directly out of my paycheck. My employer has been paying them.
