Can u forward me link & number to check status? The link u provided doesn’t offer much information
Plz if you can find a form! In the meantime I will have a look at the link, your kindness is highly appreciated.
Thanks.  Do you have the diy link for immediate petitioning
Please hold, I will copy all the links you sent.
Yes, I found this link but was unable to figure out how I can extract my case
Thank you. I see the last two are English. Will the first link have Spanish options?
I guess that's all...so next step...check links and make the calls...right?
I called directly from the link with the + sign infront
I think the link is directing me to the same place I saw this morning :D Thank you for double checking!
do you have a link I can use to find the proper form to petition the court
I do not have the form on the link. I do have a paper giving agent which was signed and notarized in 2018
The link you sent says page not found
The last link you sent is the same faq document
Meh - yes, these are the links I used when I initially found this schedule
These links look like they only apply to active service members
Ok. Yes the link will be helpful and I do have questions
Thanks. If you provide the link, I will pass it along to her.
do you have a link for those papers? or nkow the form number
the link that says   Custody/Visitation Modification Petition Program
I already read the links you sent prior to contcting you.
(great- just sent you a link to chat for 5 min)
when i go to that link it says page isn't available
Ok, thank you for your assistance. Will review those links.
i accidentally deleted the link you sent me at the end of our conversation
yes but the link povided about eviction laws only gave me march to august
OK The link you sent  is there offices in NYC
Ok got them and I think I have the other link thanks again!
Yes I have the 2 links in blue highlighted thank you again
ahh alright then thanks anyway I will enquire of that thruough those links you sent also
I went to those links before and it’s a run around but I will try again
Oh ok I will read up on the two links then
also a link to the form would be good sorry
I just want to point out that they do nothing other than supply a link back to you!!
I see perfect I took note of that link- it helps Thanks!
i need a direct link to the diy form for custody
No, thank you sooo much for all the details information including all the links!
No  thank you I’m going to try does links
No, I am going to start on those links you sent me....agIN THANK YOU.
i may have text with you a few minutes ago to get the right link to file a petition for modification ?
That website says it a broken link (bad request)
Thank-you for your help. I will use the links when I get the email.
ok thank you and what about an updated link to the previous one you sent
Hi. I lost connection after you sent me the link
I didn’t get the link! I’m so glad it’s you lol
FYI: I was searching and think I found the link. Please check it for me: https://iapps.courts.state.ny.us/nyscef/SpecialDocumentTransferHome?id=2
I think so.. i assume these links will get me the asnwers Im looking for or closer
Yes for the women’s law link you sent me, how do I talk to staff?
do you know the procedure or is able to give me a link of someone who can?
yes and Hi I am looking for a link to a dyi custody form  for to file an original order in chemung county
What was that link that you just gave me 2 minutes ago?
No. She sent me links for general info on my matters including my rights and such but that was all I had gotten so far.
Thank you very much.  Once I've reviewed do I return to this same page?  Or will the links move me forward?
I just press the link and go back to the same page
Thanks for the legal referral, but do you have a link to the form?
I couldn't find a link for new child sup. acct.
The links keep closing and bouncing back to this conversation
If the link you sent me for Paternity Petition will work I’m OK.
Are you able to email me these links or can I have a transcript of this conversation?
still came through as one long link?
Well I asked because you sent me a link to appeal
If you have a link that you can send me I would appreciate it thank you
I am looking for the link to check the time for my court case please
I will take a look at the links you sent. Thank you!
OPK I'm on that link also thanks for your help
I need the link to down load spouses support forms
that first link told me page not found
Well I tried going to the link you sent me about SRO law project but it just redirects me here
Thank you, the links for the first two I should be able to call for over the phone advice?
I just need the link to the petition so I can fill it out online. Can you email me the link?
The link isn't staying on when I try to examine it.
the first link that you sent me shows a bunch of forms, would any of those have to do with filing for custody?
I need to know the link to the forms not a page that leads to the forms1
you mean I will be able to check my case detail by this link, right?
I’m looking for the ecourts link to find out when my upcoming child support case is scheduled
The link you sent goes back to this chat
Can I make a child support claim online? If so is there a link you can provide?
Was just messaging you regarding a support modification order and when I went to check the link you sent me I lost the entire conversation
I will take a look at the link's you provided. Thanks
i have that already the link you sent. how would i send in the paper work
The link you guys gave me I can’t download
the first link you sent me doesnt show the form that we can fill out establishing that he is not the bilogical father
Ok thank you!  Any other links or just that one?  Also, does it address any costs to diy the paternity?
I'm pressing on the link and it takes me back to this page
And Jade, the link you send to me directed me back to the conversation page again.
ok Thank you I am going to try to find a more affordable lawyer from the links you sent
No but will this chat session stay in my window so i can check all the things you have sent links to
sorry the page closed about the counterfeit bag, may I have the referral link please
Ok, thank you for your help.  I will look at that link.
No, I'm going to the link to see if I can get it.
it says via Microsoft virtual meeting and there is no link
Hi I need the link to log in to my saved answers.
Ok! I’ll read this and call LINK!  Thank you for your time, if unresolved, I’ll br back!  ENJOY UR 4TH!
So , I'm just need to choose 3 link above
the link you sent me looks like it is for custody, not support
I make it to the LAW Help screen but it is static- just a picture with no links and only one page
Ok and the top link is for stopping the court order
The last link that you sent pulled me back this conversation
ok i will check out the links, thanks for your help
I thought I saw a link previously for clinics to review your case with an attorney prior to filing in court.
ok i read both links , but i did not see particular forms. the hotline i am going into now
When i hit the link, it opens, then throws me back here
Hi this is Aimee (did you get the link for the GTM call?
it was from a link sent by social worker, but it is wrong i beleive. yes this is definately not traditional
I'm back. That link ends with "housin" Should I just add a "g"?
the exact language at the bottom of the webpage you gave the link to states
The link you’ve sent is so irrelevant. I don’t understand why you would send me there.
Thanks. I tried the link but it says its a bad  request. Can you resend?
DONT repky I’m getting links
Where can I find the link DIY for Roommate holdover?
Hi, I just asked how to efile, and because of your survey I can't access the link, can you pls sent to me again?
The request for letters link you set is good. Thank you for that.
Yes, generally you would start with one and ask if it his helpful. The max would be 2 links.
That's the same link that brought me back to the law help page
I liked what I saw so far in the link. Thak u
The second link you gave goes to a "page that does not exist"
yes, i am looking through the links now. thank you for your help
The link you sent me comes right back to the website I’m on?
If a link to direct me would be ok if you could
I don’t see the link for the form on that page without going through the “petition program” link
So the transcript will contain all of this information with links so I can access from my computer later?
They instructed me to go on line.  The link led me here.
no, i don't think so. None of those links have helped at all.
the link you sent me is for changing custody and or visitation
You just sent me great links for information about the steps the court must take in reunification or denying custody. The page disappeared
Ok thank you! The transcript copy you emailed, does it also contain the links you've provided?
Will this window close before l get the links
It’s me again that link is not giving me a option to link to fill out modification form for visitation
Great! I’m saving all the links so I can verify them once our conversation finishes.
Where is the link to download a child support petition?
That link keeps rerouting me back to this window
Oh ok let me see this new link
The first link you gave me wont work it says page not found
Sadly it says the second link does not exist.
i will try the link or give them a call, than you for your help
there was a link where i can plug in my name or case number and find the status
Joseph- That link did not help, as Z lived with his aunt.
The link says for custody will that help with extending child support
Just did. Thanks so much! These links you provided are links to file complaints and legal help?
thank you for now.i'm checking all the links you sent
Thank you. Can the last link provide some type of answer or is it the same where they only give more links?
that link gave me like definitions of acronyms that are used
I just texted with someone here who gave me link but I coud not open it
Please give me a moment to check that link
No thank you. I’m going to check out some of these links.
Awesome!!!  I’m going to save these links and get started on them!
back to the FMLA - the link was more for PFL and that hasn't been used yet
the link takes me to an error page "Sorry, but the page you are trying to view does not exist."
Ok I will do that. Use the link at the end of the line where it says go?
couple days ago somebody helped me and sent me a link
Thank you so very much. I would like those resource links please
Ok for some reason this last link isn’t working
Is the office you are speaking of listed in the link you sent?
I try to access the legal services NYC link, however it's giving me a 404 page
no worries.  I will use the link you sent and start there.  Thanks!
Would it be possible to send all of these links and any additional relevant links to me via email?
As I said, the link brought me back to lawhelp
okay great Thank you for the links can I have this chat so I can save to reference back to the links attached
I need one for temporary custody also can I get it from the same link
Thank you. Could you please send me the link that you sent me earlier about how to fill out the forms. Thank you again.
I’ll look at the links and see what I need to do thank you for the help
Yeah I already went to that link before I messaged you
Hi can I have an link or website to apply for child support
Not at the moment I will use the link you sent for further assistance. I appreciate you.
Can I open a case on the link being that I’m in Ct
thank you. i may have to check with them. im not seeing anything on the last link that fits my situation
whats the direct website to this ? i was guided here thru links
Can I save this transcript so I can save the links you sent me?
The link keep sending me back to this page
links for this page What to know if you've been locked out of your home
Thank you - sent transcript with I hope links included to my g-mail address.
under quick links, DIY forms for child support
Ok.  the link brought back to ths same page.
I was already on the divorce website they provided me with your link as a source to assist
i don't think i did i used the link in safari not the link on the right side
Sorry, I saw the links that were just information and got concerned. Thanks again!
trying to find dots, i also screen shot links
ok I will go to the link you sent me thank you for your help
can you give me the link for the website to file the petition please
The 1st link test 2nd one no
