i have no clue to be honest the supreme criminal court gave me that name and the legal aid phone number
Ok I did it. Thank you very much. I look forward to receiving the transcript with the phone numbers.
You mean going through and bringing the page up again I didn’t have a phone number
Do you have a volunteer lawyer can help me? I can provide my phone number and address to you.
Yes, I understand. One last thing, could you please give me the phone number or other contact info to the Child Support Collection Unit?
What the Child Support LIFT phone number?
my ex spouse is taking our daughter out of state and will not provide me with phone number only name and address of location
Or I call the legal service phone number first
thank you so much, I will also call to see if the court answers to the phone number you gave me; thank you again.
Only found addresses no contact phone number are you able to provide
The phone number for Utica, NY is not a good number. Do you have another one
do you have phone numbers for them sorry i am so frustrated with this whole situation i just run circles
Thanks, I am taking screenshots now to have the phone numbers and websites.
I have to look thru my phone I believe I have a contact number for someone
ok thats all thats on the forms as far as phone numbers
Maybe you can send me an email with all the links and phone numbers that could be of help ?
OK I have the form saved to my phone should I email it? Or fax ? Or both what do you believe should I do?
Hi I am trying to find someone's phone number I was told to get in touch with in the civil court system
Im on the phone with that first phone number
can you give me the phone number I am having a hard time thank you
Could I sign the Acknowledgement of Paternoty electronically or over the phone give permission?
Thank you— my phone is giving me a problem, sorry.
Yes and what number as in phone she is using or his number he's 15
i need a court appointed  attorney in buffalo ny. I keep searching but not finding a phone number. i need for next week
OK I have their phone number. Thanks. Bye
Whats the phone number to Onondaga family court?
Can you just send the hotline phone numbers not the website just the phone numbers please
i had to block him on my phone a couple of weeks ago
Yeah I’m using my phone if that makes a difference
Is there a phone number i can call to speak with someone ?
Yes, can you provide me with some of these lawyers and phone numbers?
Hi, there is a community legal help center on Kingston Ave. Could you tell me the name so I can look up their phone number?
I think the phone number can give me information for an advocate if I need one
I thought it was that you would just give the phone number
I just need a phone number I can call and speak to someone
Yes I believe cable recorded me and my phone service and number repeatedly changed
Can you give me some phone number who can help me to bring him to court?
is there a phone number i can call to speak to some directly?
Hello, my gf's been trying to find an appointed attorney but the websites and phone numbers seem to be completely inactive
do we have a list of phone numbers for the family court
what’s the phone number to call to confirm if the court is open to file a divorce
I'm going to try a couple of the other phone numbers they gave me. Thank you for your time today.
some may not have the ability to go on the website. Is there a phone number too?
I just need a phone number for ny law that covers her area
I need the phone number to Albany because that is where child support goes to
CMWM2714@gmail.com and my cell phone number is 518-416-7581
That would be great.  Should I give you her phone number and name?
Hello! I need tom find a lawyer's phone number
is there a new york attorney referral service phone number pls?
Are able to provide me w any phone numbers??
Hi.. yes please i need the phone number to speak with some representative of child support.. because i need to close my case
what number do i call the toll free or the phone number
(You can just copy and paste the legal service provider's name, the phone number, and the link to the website)
It wont let me get the phone number
I see . Perhaps do you have the phone number for the Albany Department of labor?
I have already done so, and was just giving phone numbers until I ended up with you
I just want to know where to go file for custody. Can you provide a website or phone number for that?
The phone number that I have been calling is 718 618-2098
Not too burdensome and losing my power on my phone what do you need to know right now so I can re-charge it
I need the feps phone number for Jamaica queens please
I just called the phone number on the letter and the person I spoke with said to go to the courthouse to vacate the warrant
Took his cell phone and deleted phone numbers that he wanted in his phone
How do I obtain an attorney through this program? There is not a phone number.
Is it legal for one spouse to put "spyware" on the other's cell phone?
please, especially phone numbers i just want to speak to a rep
What is the phone number or could I fax the withdrawal to the court
Ok. Hurry before she sees i am using her phone
u have a phone number I can call where they can give me advice
can u give me there phone number, it won't open
does she have to request to participate by phone? i saw there is a form for that. or is everything by phone now?
I have this person’s ID and phone number
the  phone said the 888 number is out of service
This number that was provided to me by live help (718)618-2098 I get no one to answer the phone
i would like to know if you have any more phone number if you can
No worries. Is there a phone number may I may reach a lawyer in your office for legal aid?
Mental Hygeine Legal Service They Had a place In Bethpage I needed A Lawyer He gave me It had a phone number
What about 212 979 0611? What is the difference between the 2 phone numbers?
I will keep trying the phone of the courts. Hopefully, someone will answer the phone
I believe the  Bronx  all I have  is phone number  and  tex I sent
they wont give me any information  I tried that What are the Lawyer phone numbers that will give phone conferences
Okay, my lunch break is ending soon. Do you have any phone numbers other than the state bar?
I’m trying to click them for phone number but it’s not working
really, but queens, only that phone number you give me
I need the new phone number to get a lawyer
Is any phone number if i can call about this questions ? Please give me any phone number who can help me . Thanks
Ok, I can't write all of this down; just the phone numbers. Are you able to send them to my email?
Do I need a laptop to file these document or I can do it from my phone ?
i got 3 phone numbers im going to call and see if any can help
I need the new phone number for the assigned counsel program.
I have a lady on the phone who only uses phones and she would be able to best explain her situtation
Ok I will look into them by any chance do you have the phone number to legal aid in Syracuse NY?
Ok, is there also a phone number I can reach some one at?
by the way, do you know if there is a referral service phone number?
I am going to call the phone number available maybe they have someone
I need a phone number for anyone to help me
I'm requesting phone numbers, not websites
2- Where can I verify the case status, is possible online, or should I call a particular phone number?
First of all is there a real person I can speak with and a phone number to call?
What happened to the phone number or who are you actually connecting me to
Is there a phone number that I can call to speak to someone about enforcing child support
There website looks great but phone number and contact form don't work
Okay would I just call the phone numbers listed?
ok thank you very much, is it possible that I can give you my phone number to speak over the phone
I need a phone number that I can call because I have a hard time understanding how to fill out the form
I need the phone number of feps for Jamaica queens
is there not a phone number i can call to speak with someone in the dept that files emergency petitions or hearings?
My. Phone number 347 522 0394
Yes I'm using somebody phone because he broke my phone like 2 weeks ago
I wasn’t able to answer the phone , I googled the number and it took me to this website
my phone number 585 354 3349  my name david
I need the phone number for the free legal help the nyc family court offers
Can I have a phone number of a lawyer who speaks Spanish...Thank you,
I need a phone number for your office that covers dundee n. Y.
What is their phone number? If I follow the link I will lose you.
Oh ok. Thank You.  I will try to find a phone number for them
Hi. i need to find a lawyer's phone number
is there an address and phone number for local birth registrar?
Ok are you able to give me their phone number to reach them
Is there a phone number where I can download legal aid for services I help
I need the phone number please to the virtual help center so I could ask a legal question
I don't think so, I'm working to gather the phone numbers from the links you provided.  thank you
i know the phone number listed on the paperwork is medicaid
I’m talking about the phone number to speak to one of your aids
yes place i would like a phone number
I frequently call dad phone number however it was to no avail
Can you provide me with a phone number to a organization that is helping with rental assistance in my area
My name’s Geth, phone number 631-377-8554
thank you, I did see this site but there's never a phone number. It's seems to be mostly addressing appeals
Thank you for the phone number. My first question is:
Oh ok, I’m currently using my phone
Thank you so much for your help and the phone numbers and all the other information you provided to me.
Do you have a phone number  i can call at the Brooklyn Family Court ?
Yes there is a phone number . Thank you. I will call. Just wanted to check first
