I have section 8 and live in nycha I'm trying to transfer my section 8 I need her to leave she refused to.
my landlord said i need to leave my apt by the end of the month, but i have nowhere to go.
Hi Erik, My husband died but did not leave a will.  what should i do?
does that mean that I have 14 days to leave or 14 days untill they start eviction ?
I have a boyfriend I have asked to leave my home for the last 14 days.  He is refusing to leave.
i think my landlord is trying to get me to leave my apartment
Hello my landlord is selling . Do I have to allow people to come in and see it as well as leave during the showings?
I need to know what papers I must file with the court to remove my ex from my home.  He refuses to leave.
his offer was leave or get rid of dogs
he needs to leave my home.  It’s my apt.  He is not on the lease.
No one wants to pay this they are trying to make a profit since people want to leave
Can I fill out the form and leave her signature blank and have it notarize  and take it to court like that ?
my landlord says i need to leave my apt soon
My landlord said I need to leave my apt but I don’t have anywhere to go
my landlord said i need to leave my apt by aug 30th
I would like to know the likelihood of legal repercussions if we were to leave the lease/ refuse to pay
I had a roommate who is on the lease leave without warning, leaving me without a way tonoay half the rent.
This is awkward, how do I leave if I don't  want to close the page yet?
the court already let the dad leave the country
I think he wants me to leave, but i don't have anywhere to go.
Is it legal to file an eviction after I said I will be leaving?
I want to leave. My son and I are both high risk.
now they are demanding I leave and want me out within a month and keep harassing me to leave
So the modification on the petition stated I no longer want her to leave to Puerto Rico
I am on a fixed income and was told to leave after I 0ut over $6,000 into both places
they don’t want to give me a leave of absence
The situation is that i own the house and my ex refuses to leave
my landlord said I have to leave my apt by the end of the month, but I have no where to go
My son doesn’t want his son leaving NY. Should he file a petition to ensure the baby doesn’t leave the state?
she did get back to me but when I originally met with her she told me once I leave the job they can't help me
My landlord say I need to leave my apt but I have nowhere to go
he is very aggressive never wanted to leave the house
Yes I called that was put on hold and then had to leave message so I guess that was the right process then?
Since I am currently 16 could I just up and leave my moms care
my landlord said i need to leave by the end of the month but i don't have anywhere to go.  what should I do?
I am leaving for Texas next week and returning end of month. I need help stopping the 14 day "quarantine"
They did try to get to sign an agreement for me to leave , but I didn’t sign
my landlord said i need to leave my apt by the end of the month, but I don't have anywhere to go
my Landlord told me that I will need to leave my apt if I can’t pay April rent
Somebody has been leaving comments on private emails. Is there a legal recourse for breach of privacy?
could the custody case turn criminal? block her from leaving the country with the child? Awrd custody?
no but can you leave this char open. Im copying down the information
I need a lawyer i think i am being discriminated to be reinstated to my job after leaving due to illness
So bad I had to leave my apt an go to Chicago
I chatted yesterday and it timed out then I had to leave for work.
my landlord says I need to leave my apt by the end of the month and I have now where to go
*this morning,saying I have mental issues and I dont. And that he wanted my son to leave to be with him
Do i keep this page open or do i leave my number
Laura, I wanted more insight on this emansipation situation since I am currently 16 could  I just leave my home If I wanted
she didnt exactly evict me. she just wants me to leave the place before an inspector comes
The police came and ask him to leave for the night but he came back and I have to leave my apartment
Yes i called but they say to leave a messega
I need to step away for a little while but I will definitely waiting for your response. Please just leave messages here
my wife is in psychiatric hospital and her doctor says she can be discharged but some reason the Facility is no allowing her to leave.
i think my landlord is trying to get me to leave
Well I'm trying to vacate my apartment but housing is not allowing me because I cant get my daughter to leave what can I do
my landlord told me that I will need to leave my apt if i can't pay my april rent
Landlord is painting unit next to me and refuese to leave windows open after painter leaves
I know if I leave I only give 30 days notice-perk of being 62 or over.
i own an extended stay motel I would like a patron to leave am I bound by any covid eviction
I am looking for an attorney that helps with protected leave and salary requirements
Hello. My job is only offering my unpaid time leave. They said I can file for unemployment is that legal in NYC?
the exact text message says "no one is forcing you to stay, you can just leave"
Mainly I want to know if she can make me leave or evict me for all of this ??
My landlord is asking me to pay full amount or he told me I have leave the office immediately, what to do in this situation?
They ruined all our locks and did not even leave a note why
i tried some of them you leave a message no one calls back
I gave her 3months notice she said she wont leave this house and she wont pay me
my landlord says i need to leave my apt by the end of the month, but I don't have anywhere to go
and my eldest left firt now my youngest want to leave as well
pay within 14 days or leave the apt
thanks i hope works as i really don't want to leave.
When approached about this problem they said if I dont like it, I should leave
Everytime I asked when she was leaving, she would say yes next week we bought a condo
Let's leave this open and i can ping you if a question comes up.  Thanks
I am getting this offer to leave my apt of nearly 52 years by a new landlord
my landlord said i need to leave my apt by the end of the month, but i don't have anywhere to go
I’m going to leave work early and go to family court very soon to get this done
SO she says this covers us and we can leave with proper notice before the lease ends
And we need a Form of Release, so she can sign it and have it notarized without leaving the neighborhood.
My landlord said I need to leave my apt
I'm contacting in regards to my landlord demands  we leave.
Do u have to leave a hotel for 24 hours if I was displaced?
he made threats about killing and i need him to leave
he acts like my only option is to leave without her
The mother and leaving my kids. Luckily my job gave me. Tempo leave. I'm a union electrician I'm the home owner. I need h3r out.
I think my landlord is trying to get me to leave my apartment
I leave in the Bronx they say I have to apply in this website but I kind of loss don't know where to start
That's why our agreement was for me to do her a favor by leaving her the business for my daughter
I am looking for a lawyer to help me in a paid family leave case but there is nothing coming up on the directory
Hello! What are the legal repercussions of leaving a state mandated order of quarantine?
my landlord said I need to leave my apt but I don’t have anywhere to go
are u still there? or did u leave i know it’s after 5 i’m sorry
Surrounding custody and leaving the state with the child.  This is for an unmarried couple separating.
my landlord says i need to leave my apt but i have nowhere to go
now, my landlord said, enough, I need to leave
I am a NYC teacher being forced to take unpaid leave because I refuse to go to work in an unsafe building.
She is in Connecticut. Could she leave with her daughter if she calls 911.
my landlord  said I need to leave my apt by the end of the month but I have no where to go
I want him to leave because he has problems with alcohol and we are not married
and this one year wait, does it mean I cant leave the country at all
i need to get out of the living situation and leave with my son
No. I am going to be relocating and need to have custody when I leave
He was asking for me to pay in high  monthly amounts and also to leave the aprtment
I think my landlord is trying to get me to leave
In how long will you answer. So I can leave this page for a bit.
he refuses to leave.  He gets intoxicated and will not leave my home.
Yes. I leave some box blank. which question not applied to me I have to put none but i leave blank
and she isnt taking me seiously and dont want to leave the country and then I am at loss of 4000
I see that's all great but the running also in daytime they have child and never leave appt.
HI, my landlord is trying to get me to leave my apartment
A stranger rang my bell and gave me the paper stating that I have till February 29th 2020 to leave the premises.
Thank you, can you suggest one if I just want to know if I am allowed to argue my case with the leave to renew?
we need to know if she can leave to come home without being charged
If it's helpful- I'm also confused about the various programs like sick leave, FMLA, city/state/federal, and the differences in where to apply
Refuses to open windows day in day out after painter leaves
they told me that next month theyre going to double my rent if I dont leave
I don't have much time, I leave in March
My landlord say I need to leave my apt but I have no where to go
my landlord said i need to leave my apt, but i don't have anywhere to go
I want him leave my house even now. I called 911 a month ago, but police told me that I have to file eviction
he’s not offering anything for moving expenses and just said that we can leave without penalty
my landlord said that I need to leave by the end of the month
She doesn't want to leave my apartment. How can I get her out legally?
Not yet. I did leave a voicemail but no one has gotten back to me
They are all the same questions there is no question 2 to leave in for high-risk exposure
My landlord said i need to leave my apt by the end of the month but i have no where to go.
my landlord said that I need to leave by the end of the month, but i don't have anywhere to go
My company is offering temporary leave of absence 30 . 60. 90 days
She said in a text that she will "eventually" leave the country with the child so not sounding imminent.  Thanks much for the help.
and i can i collect unemployment as i prefer to refrain from leaving my home
she left a piece of paper on my door saying I have 30 days to leave but it is not notarized by a judge
Does the child have any legal leg to stand on to leave?
now they want to pass the bus and blame me for everything and even deceived me to leave the country without finishing my program
so that person who gets repremanded for doing what they were suppost to do.  TRY TO LEAVE A SITUTION and be held back
my landlord said i need to leave by the end of the month, but I have no where to go.
i do not want him to go to jail.  I need him to leave my home.
I need help with a paid leave from work
currently ok - but can’t leave bc need my locks changed
