Am trying to apply for child support my baby father thinks it's funny when I ask him for money for our baby
My daughter was receiving SSD and they claimed she owed them money. SHe filed bankrupcy in NYC. Can SS be included in bankrupcy in NY?
A former colleague owes me 940 dollars and has not returned the money
I did not sign the contract and asked for my money back
I have custody of my son since December 3,2019 and the courts are still taking money from me a week
I cannot refund the person and if I had the money in my bank I WOULD
My children reside hime court order nd im still gettin my money tooken
Out of my bank account now when I was working out of my pay check also they took some of my tax money
The only child that should be receiving money now turns 18 next month and graduates.
I’m looking for a lawyer who can help me sue a person who owes me money
it's related to money, taxes, and my bank being closed for suspicious activity
All the money I have right now is saved in case the judge allows me to pay the month mortgage I owe
I need an attorney to retrieve escrow money from Residential Economical Empowerment Sustainable Program
I have an eviction on my record from 2016 which states I also owe money. How would I go about resolving and/or paying this?
I am a substitute teacher and they want me to pay back money for the summer
who do i call in regards to money owed to a realtor
sone owes money and need help to get it back
If my ex is willing to take less money in child support will the judge ok it
We don't have a lot of money to spend on that, since we've spent almost everything we have on the project.
I started sending her money last week via zelle. The child support money that my ex pays.
there is no money in the estate to pay the attorney with.  he owed more than he has
Yes in both we don't have the money to pay a attorney though
Did I understand it correctly that “vacate money judgement on default” meant to cancel the child support he owed in the past?
since 2 mounth ago I did not receive the money for Child support
had no phone network either nor money and they would only ignore me
she took his clothes and her clothes , money etc etc
I missed 2 court datesnow they want to take money out
My bank account is froze and need to access to what little money I do have to support my kids I live with
I just want to know how can I get more money for my child he only pays right it 47$
I want to know where do I receive my spouse money
And my passport was denied I need the paper said that I been paid that money to the court I could get my passport back
In terms of what wages can be applied to my unemployment claim?  I am afraid of having to pay back money they are giving me
Sorry - has federal insurance they REFUSE to give me my money.
He don't give extra money. Has not pay child support in a yr. I have got his check the gov is give everyone
I owe the company money and they have filed a lawsuit against me.
I was able to partially refund him because Venmo has frozen my account and on top of that is holding half of my money
My sister loaned some money to a LLC that has 2 partners  .
I go to court on Dec 21 2020 I don't have money for an Attorney
They take out of my Pay check and i want to change my payments by sending money order
money paying her bills and stuff like that
i did the payment borrow money because freeze my account bank..
There are so many different places I was told.My ex is not paying his support and we really need the money. This is a mess
I they are also taking more money then I owe from my weekly check. How do I go about that as well?
I now how to handle my own money now how to shop an save my own money
But we actually don't have money to pay a lawyer
Support money was stolen from my card out the atm.
It is melissa the son is the one that wants the money
The money own to me was from the LWA program since September and I can't seem to get help .
I did a police report and I would like to take him to court to get either my money or my money back
and also i did't receive money from IRS
I need to file bankruptcy but don’t have the money to do so
my landlord will not accept money and has cut my electric and most of my appliances
I am still being billed alot of money weekly and the amount has being going through the roof.
Do it my self I don’t have the money to pay for a lawyer
yes is not fair if I return the item, I shoud get my money back.
How to report lost money from child suppoet
I also found out recently that I am allowed to be reimbursed for money they took from my SSD when I was incarcerated
I have left them messages,  no response,  not looking for money, just a apology. Definitely need a attorney
already paid but they want me to pay more money just to get out.
But instead the agent and lawyer said I have to close or I will be losing all my money
Yes because they have taken lawsuit money stimulate money I just got a job work 3week and now the world have corona with no money
he now owes a lot of money in child support and needs to get legal help to figure out his options
Yes any information to help me move us out and get our money back from pain and suffering and all the money ive spent
Unemployment as well as child support has stolen money from me
Child support owe me money that they been holding
I don't have any money so I can't pay anyone
Then welfare owes me so much money they won't give it back I'm trying not to sue them but I want my money back
The raise would be almost 200 a week...they make almost the same money
they took my entire money from my bank how can i change or stop that order
I owe money for what’s left of the financing contract and I need a lawyer to help with that
Child support is asking for too much money and I don't have that I only get ssi
I was wondering if theres some sort of contract template you have available that I could use to ensure i get my money back
We dont have money for food how we are going to pay 64K
i also don’t make a lot of money
He Said i dont have money forever. Just stay ur house for free
I have no money on homeless i need help asap
I want to fill a divorce and I need an a attorney but I don't have enough money
When her public assistance case close I stopped sending money to dss and started to send money directly to her
How can I order a court because I’m not getting the money from child support
It is about a host keeping my money on air b and b
thank you I have no money I need all the help I can get
Hi. Is this expensive? I dont have much  money
I also have diabetes at 3am no money no phone no medicine I use a nebulizermachine
I really don't need not attorney. I only need amount of $890 Moving money.
I am trying to file a petition to have money owed to me canceled from other party
I don't have money for a lawyer I can't barely survive at the moment.
Now...gotta pay more? That person makes good money
I also need to file a petition for family court for all back money he owes.
ok- but he owes me a lot of back money.
and they took half my income tax money
can the grandmother get in trouble for Receiving money while the baby is not there
Im studying full time to take the test to joing the US Navy and I dont have the money to pay for a lawyer
My mom is that is her daughter . My grandma left me Saving Bonds and other money
its embarrassing to ask family for food or money
I am a teacher and I do not have enough money to pay the money they are requesting.
She mind to give me my money from stimulate check and tax refund
I need a attorney for a child support case and don't have money
i need my money to pay bill and my med tretment
Satisfaction of Mortgage was never received by title company and they are holding money in escrow
I tried paying my mortgage but they wouldn't take my money
She is helping the city get their money back. Welfare case.
I pay $120 a week and I don’t make a lot money
I was tricked into a  Title IV-D contract so the state can make money off this scam
What can he do  to get current bank to release the money.
He takes her on weekends and gives me money and food and diapers for the child
He works and lives in texas. He makes money not me. I just want a divorce
I dont have an attorney and I have no money for one at the moment
i can use that money now rather than have my children get it once I am gone
I need advice on how to get money paid back to me owed by the IRS
I applied for unemployment, I never received any money,
ssi has been trying to take money from them paperwork getting harder to deal with
A collection agency froze the money in my bank account
No A Pool If Trust Where You Put Money Into A Place And They Pay Your Bills For You Once A Month
I really need my money especially in these times and I can’t get a abortion I want my baby
income? Do I do as I dont have the money to get a lawyer to help
imhave no money now!  I closed a anaccount to give  my husband the money to help with purchasing his business with fire extinguishers!
I’ve done the money judgement and nothing was done in the past.
I am the sole provider of my son so I don’t really have the money for a lawyer unfortunately.
Hello I have a child support order in my divorce how do I get the money
Hello, I’m trying to find out what I need to do to get my money back from the city in these times?
I’m don’t had money payment childport
Also closed our joint accounts and withdrew the money
i am 78 Dauguher 57 what if they say I make to much money
I need a free one because i don't make that much money please
no thanks I had a lawyer and he is the worst I have ever had waste of money
Hello are you there? how can I get my money back, can any one help me?
The lawyer who stole my money cost me loss of money
Child support also said they would release the money in 24 hours they never did that
I need to see if I can get my child support lowered I am not making enough money to pay for my rent and food
But he has a lot of money. Has his company and doesn’t want to help.
i was frauded by my so called boyfriend $85000, which is like all my savings. i really have no extra money for this law sue,
And stole money from my mom's account and our son's
Looking for legal help for divorce in my area. I have no money his father paid for his lawyer.
Do I have the right as a non-custodial parent to know where the money is going for a rears case only
He blocked our money for food, medicine, and rent
my main issue she mind to give me my stimulate check( my money)
I have been approved for single issuance snap.  The money is visible online in the account.  But I have not received my card yet
Thank you.  I don't have a lot of money for legal counsel
unfortunately i do not have money to pay legal counsel but I need someone who is familiar with the law
I need help at least with childsopurt i would like the grandma to get the money for now
But is nt it ny that taking the money or it pa?
While on my end I tried EVERYTHING to send him the money back through Venmo
Because he will have to give back the money to the city, right?
I don’t have money to pay the debt does the court help me make payment arrangements with the debtor
thank you. the rent is paid to me as the person who owes the money has dementia and unable to understand
the airline chaged my trip. when I refused they refused to give me money back
Since the case says closed do I still owe the amount of money that accumulated?
Yes do I just put a price on it then put the money in his estate account? And thank u
I had no idea NY's age was 21.  School teachers her in Arizona don't make a lot of money.
He believes during his parenting time he should get the money back. But that is not stated in our court orders
A lawsuit filed against me claiming I own money for a unpaid consumer debt.
I don't want to lose money on this. The woman I'm subletting from threatened to sue me.
I’m getting money Deduct it out of my check
Hello, I have a son in prison and I am Chilean and I want to send him money so he can call
I think the covi's relieve  is money from the government and the company does not have to take out that money from my salary.
now my father-in law wants to get that money to pay for the funeral expenses but he can't
I just got finished with a long drawn out battle and paid a lawyer large sums of money
I need a lawer who is probonal though or one who only takes money if we win
I’m still claiming it. But money isn’t being released
I receive a letter from attorney office that there's surplus money they deposit in Richmond county treasurer office
No. My son is 23 and there was no money paid extra for him
i neeed help i have not much money and lots of debts
She feels she is “owed” this money yet he pays for everything and they live with him.
I need help claiming money in bank accounts that were closed by the banks themselves
What did that mean exactly? Does that mean they were seeking money from me, or for me to just vacate the aprtment?
so I wonder how can this be since I was giving her money as child support
I do not have anymore money, I gave it to my ex-attorney, how can I get free egal advice, they just shut my electric off.
we believe he cobbed a lot of the work in order to pocket more insurance money
And our child support case is done, they are already taking money out of my check
Who should I contact to see if she can get her money back?
I have no money. I'm retired and do not get much
father makes more money, trying to get out of paying for the second child here in arizona.
If my ex is using his mother's money, which he has poa over her estate, to pay for his life, is that money considered income?
and they said i cannot get my money back but to send her attorney my income information
I need someone that will not charge a ton of money
Received a Warrant from the State in regards to my assets and money from a unfairly ruled child support case. What do I do
and a great deal of the money went towards simply making so my wife would not die of asthma attack
i want to make my payments by money order
Also, if someone owes you money and you have to take them to court, how do I go about doing so
Children support is taking money from to different jo
Thank you. What about an Attorney to renew my money Judgement
so no stimulus and im concerned if i get unemployment they will take all that as well i cant make payments with no money
If the money hadn't been turned over, or she wasn't on Medicaid,  would I need to apply or register to handle her account "estate"?
are taking money from my check saying i owe money on a old aparment lease
My sister has a renter who skipped out on his rent and owes her over $3000. How do I try to recover this money?
I was unaware until recently when she bribed me with money to sign the title and requested to sign a check
Is it ok they take away money from the extra 300$,they didn’t take from the 600$ extra I got before ,
Not really, it says something about the stimulus check,  i was wondering if they will take it out of my unemployment money ?
I was looking for information early about not being able to pay taxes and having the money
l have a little money. But my income is under $1000. a month.
but when I got the extra 600 they didn’t take any money from me
The only person that really suffers is my son. I really need that money to support him
i barely have any money leftover after i pay my mortgage.
If an exspouse is looking for more money would that fall in the category of essential or emergency?
Alas, they charge a lot of money and I could not afford to sue RPI and hence this case has gone nowhere.
Plaintiff claims that certain moneys were not paid to him.
But not the previous money he was ordered to pay by 12/7
the payment is withheld directly from my check. my son turns 18 on September 9. they can send the money to him
I can’t pay back that money  I don’t have
need court help to collect money
I need a lawyer dealing with my fathers money, that is being held by his suster
I dont remember being told that I would owe them money
No they don’t allow me to transfer the money to my bank account
There was an verbal agreement for child support but he has not upheld what he said he would. And there has been no money
