have index #701762/2020 please tell status had applied for fee waiver
Can you please let me know what it the maximum fee for early termination lease for a apartment
where I can get help without too much fee
I am looking into a modification for child support. Will I have to pay $25 fee every year after that?
I have to probate a will. How can I find out if I’m being charged to much for lawyer fees?
I was threatened with eviction if I try to deduct the fees from my rent
The landlord says the "only other" acceptable form of payment is one which adds a payment fee
I tried to find a lawyer, but I couldn’t afford the fee. I called many place, the Women Kind introduce you to me
Hello, I have a co-guardianship proceeding and I lack finances.  Are there any organizations that can help me pay my legal fees?
would like to know where to contact to discuss the possibility of being exempt from the move-out fee
now my landlord wants me to pay legal fees and late fees
I do not want to have to pay the egregious fee associated with the break that my landlord suggested - hence me reaching out now.
I wanted to know if it is illegal for real estate brokers to charge renters a fee?
Is there any laywers I can contact that might have a sliding fee?
I’m trying to find out if there is a law regarding what fees landlords can charge for apartments.
Ok as long I don’t have to pay attorney fee
Yes,  but my question is are they charging fees  base on your income
I already have it prepared and notorized. I just need to know where to send it and if theres a filing fee
I am interested in how I file an appeal to the opposing counsel's request for legal fees
He is threating me to charge me $25.00 +$5.00 a day late fees
she never lived here , so NY shouldn’t have any side fees
I am wondering if it is legal for a landlord to charge you a late fee if you move from one rental place to another.
my landlord keeps adding late fees to my rent is this legal right now
very little, just a 48 credit on my account, and the unused part of my monthly fee
I need sliding scale fee help
Im searching information how in case I mail ne fie about divorce to court how do I pay fee? Online?
not going but the rental office trying to hold me accountable for attorney fees
Because my lease and the fees were completely through the broker. I am unsure if I am to bring lawsuit against the broker or landlord.
yes that’s why I got the driver responsibility fee.
she has no representation and I want to knwo if there is any fee help she can get
but i done most of the paper work but i was told about the court fee
What court do I get this notice of appeal from in NYC and what are the fees.
Do they have to give you notice on when they increase the late fees.
My lease states that legal fees must be ordered by a judge by law
Ok thank you, is there a fee for utilizing LIFT
i am looking for information about the rights of subleasees, specifically pertaining to fees
HES CHARGING ME FOR MARSHALL FEE FILING FEE INTREST
I mean that I may handle the fee if it is not more than 3k
Yes. I’m even willing to pay a fee.
The landlords lawyer offered me to pay just the owed rent and forgave legal feees and late fees
I need help getting the right divorce papers and a waiver fee
I need to get an attorney to help regarding overcharging fees by nycha
MY RENT IS NOW PAID BUT THEY ARE CHARGING ME LEGAL FEES FOR BOTH MONTHS
I was told they will charge a fee for a new appliance.  Is this legal without notice?
im behind on my rent and she is charging me late fees that she had never done
After that I applied with a different real state agent for the same apartment I did pay broken fee first month and deposit I moved
I would. I have already contacted a couple but the fee was really high.
furniture store wants me to pay 35% stocking fee that’s nearly 1,000
Ok, great. Does LIFT work similar to you or is it something that I will need to sign up for and pay a fee?
Thanks for the advice. So I leave out that part requesting my legal fees to be paid.
This is not supposed to be here you guys charge me for all my rice so why is there a extra fees for what
Ok, so there is such thing as paying legal fees pendente lite for another party. Thanks for helping me to figure it out.
Is the service fee based? They don't have bunches of money.
Im willing  to pay $30 fee
Do I need a lawyer for this?  Do I have to pay court fees?
So I can lawyer up in VA and have the missing funds , changing amounts , and FEEs dealt with there
I know there is fraudulent activity. They say over $15,000 has gone to fees and intrest
I need help for obtaining fee waiver for n565 certificate of naturilization..
i didn't see anything about late fees
My question is now. Why do I need to pay a brokers fee if I spoke to the landlord directly with no real estate?
we have a contract with a fee and deliverable and they are charging me based on time and not deliverable
But they can't say what these fees are and what calculations they are making for the intrest
I heard of a fee waiver option. Will I be able to claim that only if I represent myself?
Without getting to personal like the site says , I pay 126 in arrears , VA takes 85.70 in FEE , NY takes 11 in FEE
I did pull hannah from boces cause i am not paying the fee for it no more
I read about a fee waiver but I'm not sure from where to start.
Another one is: are lawyer fees paid in payments?
I have a pending case in family court and the opposing counsel is asking for me to pay their fees.
Now hes charging me the late fee on top of my rent every month is that legal?
I found someone to take the space and they were approved by the landlord and paid their fee, but then withdrew at the last minute.
i want my name cleared and fees dropped
Is the attorney fee covered if it was a personal injury?
Is it possible to pay a lawyer lowered fees?
More specifically if it’s legal to charge a termination fee
And its for store pick up. The store closed. They charge late fee. And late fee.
I'm Iooking for info on how to get a court fee waived
are there late fees for tenant rent payments during covid19?
But I already filled out an RJI and I paid the $125 fee
Which they’re are continuously charging late fees
By the way, I do not mind to pay for a fee, but I do not have that much money
Lawyer in NY wants $4000 retainer fee & $400/hr.  Don't have.
what to know status if fee waiver was approved or no
and my fee waver application for appeal is also accepted
We don't have money to cover the expensive legal fees
We can not afford to pay a lawyers $300+ consultation fee
It turned out to be a 2 day job and double the fees
I thought nothing of it as it was a monthly fee for 50dollars
NY is taking a FEE , they shouldn’t have interest of their own
I’m looking for information regarding landlords charging a pet fee for emotional support dogs and service dogs.
Thanks for that info, do we have to pay a fee to talk to them?
will this also have fee information? or would I have to call the court to find this out?
I don't want to pay fee for attorney
I cannot afford fees that were 20 times per hour what I was earning.
I AM A US CITIZEN..MY N565 WAS STOLEN..I NEED THE FEE WAIVER TO APPLY FOR A NEW ONE...
And if I'm asking for a fee waiver do I do that before or after I mail my papers in?
can you give infomation of a fee attorny spanish prefer
they passed on the towing and impound fee to me which I believe to be illegal
How do I file for a divorce and ask the court for my husband to pay for the filing fees
The brokers we are dealing with are asking for quite a bit of applications fees
Questions as in am I mandated to pay this fee , can I be evicted over 500.00 ?
guess no body can help anybody these days with out a fee
I would like to know can a landlord owning a private house charge you late fees for rent if late and has no written lease
i dont have money for all the graduations fees, prom, and collge applications
Im looking for information on how to break a lease without paying any fees
I also now owe this driver responsibility  fee
No I paid a fee so I’d like to know the status of it if possible
im in a market rate building and not being evicted. I am choosing to leave and they are adding $900 fee to clean
I thought there was a servcice where I could play a lower fee
Do you have fee legal clinic or something like that as my budget is very low.
Im trying to go online and pay fee
I have reviewed the link you sent me but I don't see a form that addresses my issue (appealing opposing counsel's request for attorney fees)
I JUST NEED THE FEE WAIVER TO GET MY CERTIFICATE OF NATURILIZATION...I NEED THE CERTIFUCATE FOR MY PASSPORT...
the opposing counsel's lawyer wants legal fees from me.  The reasons of which, I feel to baseless - mostly
I have no legal representation and am desperately trying to avoid these fees
I need help recovering deposit and agenta fee
i would like a court fee dismissed
I have some general questions about establishing paternity and any applicable fees to do so
I was going to print them but decided not to ask for a fee waiver
do the waiver requirements to waive the fees also vary from court to court?
AND HES SUING ME FOR FOR MARSHALL PAPER WORK THAT HE BROUGHT UP ON ME LEGAL FEE FILING FEE POUNDAGE EXPENSE STATUTORY MARSHALL FEES
I would like to know where to contact to discuss the possibility of being exempt from the move-out fee
I want to appeal the counsel's request for attorney fees.  I really am looking for a form or process
