I'm not sure which steps to take first because I never had to do this before
I am not sure what form to use, do I use consumer debt or estate forms
not sure. i just need guidance on where to find documents related to this situation or someone that could give guaidance on the situation
I need help. I'm not sure what form to get for visitation
not sure i'm looking at the right thing
I was just furloughed and I'm not sure if the reason is actually legal
...I guess emotional distress would be categorized as "pain and suffering"....I am not sure
Not sure where to find an attorney for legal matters
Well sure, I’ll be waiting. Cause I really do need some advice on this situation
Are you sure the clerk has the power to amend petitions?
Theres just alot of information here wasnt sure where to go
I’m not sure how else I can get these documents
I'm sure you could imagine how difficult it is in NY trying to figure all this out during the shut down!
Im not sure. I just know that they took him from his mother and he has been with a foster family for about 2 years
it’s totally debilitating and I’m not even sure if my license will be valid
I'm not 100% sure but all I know is its there or queens Elmhurst
Sure. Do you want the exact address or county
I looked at the website above, and am still not sure which form I need
I'm not sure. I was working on trying to find the current status yesterday evening and emailed the NY State comptroller.
Okay, sure, I’ll take the referral!
sure, what information can i provide that'll help?
I’m sorry about story but I’m not sure where to begin at this point
Wasn't sure how/what to do,due to COVID
monroe county. im not sure how to view it. i have the csms number
Hello -- I'm not sure what kind of legal help I should look for or if I need any.
im not really sure what the process is or how i get it down my son is 3 months old
I am trying to file an online petition based on a family court issue. Im not sure how to do so
(I'm not sure Housing Court Answers is working right now)
I'm not sure if it going to be a strong case since it's only a noise complaint though
Im not sure how to explain what im looking for
but fyi, i'm pretty sure that you can file custody petitions electronically in nyc family court
Im not sure if I'm even contacting the right place
Yes, Thank you for you help. I’m sure a lot of parents are in this same situation
I did check it but I wasn’t sure if I had the right forms so I wanted to double check
im not sure if staying that there is no relationship would compel the court to do paternity...?
I'm not sure. Would that be the path to follow? I'm trying to steer him in the right directions far as looking for legal help.
I went online and I read a need a doctor’s certificate, I’m not sure of what that is. Please assist.
Just not sure at this point that 40 minutes will be enough time to go through everything.
I'm not entirely sure. I know it went from mediation to now this.
I'd surely appreciate that! As you can see, I'm not too familiar with this.
I’m thinking about taking my baby’s dad to court for child support, but not sure how to go about it
I think my kids with his wife, but im not sure
Great thank you. There are 2 choices and I made sure to click the enforcement. Not the modification
Hello, I had a few questions, not sure if this is the right venue
Hahahaha I’m not sure I am yet either! Coffee is in hand hopefully soon I will be
I am trying to navigate now through the nycourts.gov website, just not sure where to go to refile electronically
Not sure about that as he has lived on his own before. I suspect he is bipolar though
I saw the president say it was extended but I’m not sure
ok. sure, I get it.. but it ain't like that here, that's all I'm sayin.
I'm not sure which county it is but I can look quick!
Not sure if an "S" goes at the end or if I wrote it down wrong :-(
Yes, somewhat although I'm not sure if it applies to me as a renter rather than landlord
I just want the courts to enforce it , I am not sure what papers to file.
I'm sure another minute won't hurt
Hello. I submitted a child support modification and it was denied, it says to resubmit as a petition. I'm not sure what I did wrong
I'm just not sure what papers to file. I don't know if it's for a modification or whatever
I am looking to find some separation papers. I am not sure where to go to get this.
both,  really have alot of questions.  Not sure how Mental warrants work etc.
i think and im 100% sure this kinda case is only one in this EARTH
I’m not sure where the record department would be
I'm being sent in circles... not sure what to do... just called 6 agencies
I'm just not sure where to begin on trying to help her.
im not sure what I need to do. I’m not sure I need to change my name but maybe a correction ?
It sure does! I didn’t know where to look so thank u!!
Not sure how to so I guess I'm sol. Thanks for the help.
I'm not sure if you can answer this, where can I find how many times law enforcement has been called to an address?
Im not sure if I need to get one in Ny or in the state I’m currently living in
im not sure if I can mail my papers to the court...
Hello i have a few questions im not sure if you can help me with about custody.
Sounds like a plan. Sure appreciate it Jamie!
but im not sure if I need to select any of the articles of law
separate for now not sure if i want a divorce yet
So I'm not even sure if I have the right to complain. They just said they had another application
not sure the lawyer has requested a lot of paper work but I am not sure about the Administration filing
Should I check now. I'm not sure if I'm waiting for a message back on checking that
it was and is still very hard to loose a loved one for sure
im not sure really i try multiple times before covid even came
I'm not sure this is even a legal apartment
IM NOT SURE I CAN TRY THE FORMS BUT I DONT KNOW IF I CAN SUMBIT THEM OR IF THE COURTS ARE EVEN OPEN
well my daughter stays with her grandma during the week day I’m not sure
This is Dennis, sorry I’m not sure why it isn’t popping up
SURE NO PROBLEM I WILL BE WAITING JUST TAKE YOUR Y TIME
Do you know who I would have to contact? I'm not entirely sure the organization.
sure . i already rated you 5 stars
I'm not sure I want to report anything yet
Sure, it’s an optometrist complaint and I am filing on the nyc.gov website
ok well no one in nyc will want to come to albany for sure. I will try them ty
I was reading that we need to contact an agency here, but I'm not sure what agency
Not sure of exact month but I believe it was March or April 2017
I sure will I don’t want to lose my granddaughter
Im not sure how much i can share with you. I just need to know how to go about filing as soon as possible.
As he is going to be far, not sure how the visitation are going to work
and  so far there is not a will as far as I know but mint sure what is going to be in the safety bos
I’m not even sure what kind of custody she has
i wasnt sure if I needed to fill this out as well
I'm just not sure who I would contact about clearing this issue up.
sure.  that will be helpful too.  Though I'm a DC resident now.  But it's a NY issue
i have gone through the list of resources but I’m not sure which one to turn to.
purpose being im not sure that my contribution is being applied to my children's welfare or needed area
Sure. My house is located in Medford NY
I'm not sure if this is the same person I was speaking to before but they left the chat unexpectedly
I'm sure they don't have them now, I just want the money back that I paid for my things
I'm not sure how much detail to provide... I have a few legal questions
sorry for the overwhelming questions I just want to be sure before i send this in.
I would but then they would identify me and my case which I'm not sure I want.
Hi :)  actually not sure if I’ve chosen the right avenue , but here goes
Sure that would be really helpful thank you
I'm not sure that you can help me with this but maybe you could direct me to someone that can answer
no.  i am sure they are located on line.  so what you are saying is that i am stuck...
Sure if they don’t charge that’s ok because
I am looking for a lawyer to help with a wrongful death/medical malpractice lawsuit.  I'm not sure where to start.
I'm not sure, I got a whole bunch of papers in the mail...I'm not sure what to do
Actually my question may be advice, i'm not sure
Sure, please let me know what information you need.
Yes I'm sure this is probably not uncommon
Yes please an inexpensive lawyer would be wonderful. Im not sure i think for children wed need kansas link as thats where they are
I am actually looking for some legal advise but I am not sure if that would be here?
but she’s 16 so I’m not sure if it’s for her or I should get one beings her mother
I’m not sure what information I would need I’d prefer to discuss with an attorney
the problem is, I'm not sure if i really own my property anymore
I'm not sure, if I do need a lawyer if she's willing to give up? How does this work exactly
It’s only these two forms I’m not sure of
P1 120. Assult 3rd im pretty sure if i googled it right
I have questions about filing for Bankruptcy I have 3 small children and im not sure what else to do
i am not sure which form to use to file with the court can you please advise?
Im told its a enforcement judgement. im not sure how to file it
I am not sure what kind of attorney I need. My situation is bit funky.
Not sure if my message went through. I don't live in Brooklyn. Brooklyn is just where the situation occured. Would it matter?
I have called around already but sure lay it on me
Sure, I understand.  How can I go about filing for custody?
Give me a second I’m not sure if it was albany or queens
I'm not even sure what category this issue falls under.
and am really not sure if the DWAI is still on my record, after that long of a time
U mean a call or go? I'm not sure what's doing w/courts during this covid
So I'm not sure if you can answer this one but what is proof of service?
I'm not sure. Last I knew she lost it bc she was in hospital for a long time. She almost died 3x
I'm not sure, when I called they've just told me "it's under review"
I assume some governmental organization could find any and all of them just not sure who specifically to enquire to
I thank you for the information.  I'm sure it's up to date and specific to NY
Im not sure but probably yes because They didn't say Im not
im not sure the last paper work that i have from the courts is dated back in 2014
It is alot of information to look through and I am not sure if it will help or prices but thank you
I’m trying to file a Modification im not sure how to do it
Sure I would have definitely appreciate that Jarrod
i know covid might have a three  month no eviction but im not sure about my sisuation my lease is up
i just want to be sure im doing the right thing.
Not sure bank or store it was clothing account like fingerhut
I found a form labeled 4-1 I’m. It sure if it’s the proper form though
I am afraid to enter any information that I may not be sure of.
hmmmmm, I'm not sure why it links me back then
Okay. I'm not sure even if I should contact the seller myself to discuss.
I'm not sure you will be able to help me but I need advice.
I’m not sure if that would be a violation thats why I’m seeking help
Ill see im a man not sure if womans law will help
Yes I'm sure I will need a lawyer he wont even leave the family home
But the paperwork with it was outdated so I'm not sure if the rest is aswell
Im sure he will put up a fight.i just want peace and equal time with my babies.im going to fipe for the uncontested and see.
I'm not sure. We only went once to child support court. I believe its a final order
im not sure what all forms I need to file
I'm not sure of the county where this happened. Its trumansburg ny
I'm pretty sure it has to be done in Manhattan
Sure, is there time now?  Otherwise I'm am slammed with firm work the rest of the day
Cause I'm not sure what the difference is between the two.
im not sure if this helps me or not but his father also has numerous warrants in Albany and Rensselaer county
and I’m not sure how to do that with all the COVID stuff going still
Sure - as long as we don't get disconnected
It’s not right and I’m pretty sure that the funds are not supposed to be garnished
I now know where to go for anymore questions. If your colleagues are anything like you I'm sure I'll be extremely satisfied
