Dan waiting for someone to call back about drawing up a will.
What kind of information would you have---it's called corruption.
the up coming hearing is called a Permanency hearing
Should I make a call to cps myself would that help me to add more evidence quickly to qualify as an emergency.
Yes. I'm going to call them now. Thank you.
but I wasn’t able to stay due to him calling me and tracking my phone
do I have to call the county clerk's office? I tried to call the one in queens but no one picked up
they’re only taking calls mon and Thursday
It might be worth a call just to get a human...?
like a say I try to call I went there notting
And cps is helping him keep them a judge modified the order to give me face time calls and I don't get my calls
Yes but she hasn't returned any of my phone calls.
Yes that would be great because I already called them andcouldnt get thru
Take your time. I am a call center rep so am taking calls in between our messages.
Thanks  im calling now.  I have been calling all day though no answer on hold for hours
so ur saying because I didn’t disagree with the arrangement it doesn’t call for a custody petition?
I don’t want to call them but I have to call a cab to tenet have a torch and a bathroom late night
normally?  you get calls from adult protective services all the time?
No I haven't.  My turn around time is short. Do they response to phone calls do u know
I called back its changed to spanish , i called back and it goes to voice mail
Thank I’ll give a call in the morning
YES I CALLED CATHOLIC CHARITIES ON 115STREET...BUT THE PHONES ARE NOT BEING ANSWERED...
it says there's high call volume and gets disconnected.
but calls are not answered even though I call several times every day
Calling expert pay, I think I made payments through them
and yes i call they don’t pick up the phone
I left a message with one 3 weeks ago, he never called back.
I called them so many times the can't help me
okay i will try to call the phone# in thelink
Thank you but when I called the number before it did not connect and the call disconnected.
Sorry, I had a phone call. This should help a lot
I'm also on hold on the phone after calling 607 326 5900
Ok yes I just called left a voicemail
I have court ordered FaceTime rights to call my son everyday and my ex won’t answer my calls
The landlord and maintenance guy is refusing to answer any messages or calls
Yes I’ve  emailed and called no answer maybe covid but I’ve been calling months now
Hi im.shawn banks someone. From.leagal aid called me asked questions said would call back havent heard back
Thank you for your help. I will give her this information so she can call directly.
on saturday he call me thet police because i did not pick a phone call
No I’m going to call to see if what he did was legal
If you are currently under threat or in danger please call 911
No, that would not be necessary. I will just give a call again on Monday.  Thank you for your help.
Alright I guess calling would be the fastest option
I called Fordham and they don't have a clinic that can assist me so they gave me this website
yes, i tried to call but only answering machine
And my niece accused me of saying that as well and called me a liar.
I have logs of 311 calls in the past. Nothing has been done
Thank you.  I want to call someone to review the file to determine what is missing or incorrect.
if you have other calls i can be patient an wait. i used to be on your end
I have called several lawyers and none seem interested to return my calls
I have called NYLAG. I have been calling them since December. No one is calling me back
Ok great.   Are there any other referrals you can think of right now?  A phone call cam
Now the guuardian is ignoring phone calls, facetime, letters etc) we need to do this legally.
She said she would call me back  after she studied the matter further , but I have not received any call.
thank you for the references...will call them now....appreciate your help
Which is why I am having such a hard time finding information and no one is answering calls
My son was arrested monday I keep calling to get him a lawyer no one is answering phone
I have a cell w unlimited nationwide calling and it says my balance is too low to place the call
My situation is too long to text, please can I call someone  to discuss my case?
I guess can you just give me the name of a lawyer who will actually return a call
I hope so to.no I'm going to call LIFT to see what they say
i will try and call again, but the lady that's there isnt helpful at all
Okay. Great! (Did call them already, waiting for call back.)
Do I file what’s called a short petición but where. Oh okay.
she has texted him thfree days in a row and called a welfarfe check on  the child who is completgely safe
I like to sue a phone company call apple
I did try to call before the chat popped up. lol so, they will be calling me if I don't completely understand something
I even called the local police department and they told me to call the court
well i would have to get specific... is it better to call the hotline?
Collen, how is called attorney who charges after case is done?
Just wondering if I can have her removed tonight by calling anyone. If not I will be calling rural law.
I think is called Asian education fund
i keep calling lawyers and no one is returning my calls
I am so tired of calling agencies and no one really trying to help me.
I’ve called family Justis center safe Horizon and no one can help
I called they directed me to go omline but i am not seeing it there
I only see action center but no one has call back do you know if any other organization
I even called the direct SCrei depart at 1-212 863-8494
I have called several offices months ago but noone has called me back
Is Pandemic valid reason for not to see my grandson even a phone call or video calling
I called office no answer I guess with the situation offices are closed
I called thousands of lawyers no one took my cases
i tried calling but no one answered. I can try calling them tomorrow.
Many times she has called 311 to put in a complain and many times has called the office
And calling 9 to 5 mon thru fri
I did call my lawyer many time but his phone disconnect...
Been calling my landlord for 3 days now no call back
His Mom is his I forgot what you call it. She's in charge of making all his decisions
I was left like 3 weeks ago and my spouse only ignores my messages and calls
I called them too many times to mention know one knows if it wet to DA
OK where can I go or call to get the answer
Yes. ND but will it be confidential if I call them from my own phone?
Called the company to tried to clear the balances
Okay also do I need to call 311 to report the heat lose?
oh ok if I request it would I be able to have a call or video call done in the time being?
I CALLED THEM MANY TIMES THEY DID NOT TAKE MY CASE
I called the Albany lawyer referral and they only handle upstate
Yes I asked numerous times for a phone call.. so that someone can walk me through the forms.
Thank you. Do you know if there are any offices near me that I can call?
how long does it usually take for a call back
ok. I have tried to call them many times but still not helpful as I expect.   thanx anyway
I think thats all I will call right now. Thank you
I already tried calling them - no one answers the phone
Whatever it's called, Copying, pasting, uploading...
Please give me their phone number, so I may call them call
They should call it Gaslighter Ministries, that's how screwy they behave
No problem, I’ll call to the phone you gave me, Thank you.
ok, that sounds good. I will call them also
Actually i have legal shield through work, so i can call them.  Thank you!
I believe it was back in March when I initially called
Hi try call the court nobody picking up
Derrick has left messages to have them call me on his behalf but I haven't heard from them
i called 311 and they gave me a number and I’ve been calling for days
They've been I believe throwing them in a box n not allowed to make communicate or phone calls so I'm currently awaiting a call
I called them, no one got back to me, will try again.  Many thanks!
I’m try called to many times but no 1 can’t help me
I tried calling them and they gave me less information
I called them.  The waiting list is 1 yr
Assuming that someone is answering phone calls. COVID-19 has everything fouled up
If they don't charge. I am now currently homeless. Are they on call?
and cannot get a hearing date, nor answer to my phone calls or emails
Thank you for the list am going to make some phone calls and see what can happen..thank you for the help
I called and left a message and no one got back to me
I called them all already nd  cant help me
Thank you;I've called &theres no 1
okay I’ve tried calling the court house and no one answers the phone
THANK YOU. YOU SHOULD REALLY CHECK OUT THE COURT CASE CALLED SOCIALIST WORKERS PARTY VS ATTORNEY
I just called them & was on hold 20 min & then they hung up
I am ordered to pay what I call a ransom demand
I will try to call the other #s but last week I called several family foundations and got no answer or call back
every day and calling all night and calling people I know
It is called the CORC - central office review committee
I have eviction court today and I have called the Geneva office and waiting for a call back.
I already called my lawyer this morning he was at court so I’m waiting for him to call me back
Called Hofsta university no help ther
I am looking for a lawyer called Linda Diaz
Meanwhile the building is turning backs on me and not taking my calls
take my response? I e. Alec and called cannot get through. It rings busy
My landlord refuses to make repairs or return my phone calls my shower has been in need of repair for over a year
I CALLED THOUSANDS OF LAWYERS BUT ALL BRIBED NOT TO TAKE MY CASE
Central islip they said call thal number so they can call for court on phone
I called them up they gave me a hearing already in September
I I have tried numerouslegal agencies. They have not called me back.
Do you have website of one organization is called CAMBA or Asian?
That's  the problem. I called them .But they keep saying that I have to pay in full
I called 311 and local office for many times
I see. thank you for pointing me to the right direction, I will give them a call to find out more.
is there a help center that i can make an appintment with? call?
I been calling the court for a week now.  It is always busy.
I’ve called and left message for local lawyers and they never call me back
I will give you a call in about 10 min then.  thanks!
company is called pioneer credit recovery
I don’t want to call 911. Who do I call about this?
Yes I've called and recieved a busy signal. But yes can you call for me?
I just called again today and the operator states he can't make anyone call me. He can only just take the message.
i called womens justice they are booked with the attorneys
whole time not one call from mom
the lawyer called me 3 times in one day to get rid of this problem I see
I regret calling them bc this is too much and it’s stressing me
I try to call them no answer I email them nothing .
Ok I will give them a call..will they be available to take calls?
I have called the court but no one’s picking up
no amount of text messages or calls can persuade this agency to pay me.
ok thanks think I left message for the first one yesterday at this time no call back as of yet.
Yes - I have a call with our labor attorney at 2
How do I apply for a COLA rather than a modification. Can I just call the support unit?
Everytime I call to say that they are sorry- and that their operators are busy- to call later
they are supposed to call back in 48 hrs they never did
Ok, thank you. When I tried calling earlier this week no one answered the phone. Are the seeing cases right now?
Thank.you so much I will call them in the morning I know they are closed now or I would call now
O called codes they never call back the sewers on lawn lroplem has lighteden up.
I have been calling 212-613-5000 but no one picks up and the mailbox is full
OK so there’s no specific information here I’ll just Need to make a phone call?
Yes I was going to call them as well. Thank you ru.
When I call child support..they give me the run around
This child's father has been in prison 10/11 years of his life and only calls him when he is up for parole....
Oh, yes, I called that hotline.  Yada yada.
I’ve been researching and calling around on my own thus far
I reach out to Nassau/Suffolk law services committee volunteer lawyers project. Called this morning no call back all day
back and forth with emails and phone call nothing productive
But it says “we are receiving high volume calls. Call back later. Goodbye “
no it’s ok, I will try to continue to give them a call
when i called her job she said she would have my son call next day but never did
then call to find a lawyer or call the quadro link
I tried calling many times but no one answers the telephone.
Thank you. I tried calling the clerk and emailing. I haven't gotten anywhere
CPS was called by the hospital becauase of his critical condition, and the fact that he is a widower
The landlord called me yesterday to find out more about the current situation.
This also isnt our first time in court. I called the law guardian but i am still waiting for him to return my call
I will call this numbers again. I have called and left various messages all ready and no one calls me back
i need to report but I don’t know who to call
okay and if they don't vacate by then. How do i file for the eviction. I have to call the court
i need to call the fastest I can. It’s been hard to charge my phone
Ok so call thes numbers and compare prices but first call which one about a lawyer sorry court stuff is confusing for me
Ok and I call the court where the agreement was filed
Yes I spoke with a women on the phone to see  if I could get attorney help , and I fear I missed there return call
I tried calling but representative are on phone with other customers
OK, BUT can I call you later because I need help.
i dont want to be given the run around with calls if i can just call one number
they help with forms and take calls for free?
What number do I call. The ones on website say no one to answer calls
I thought I would have gotten a call or email by now...okay
I don’t understand why my insurance would have me call the at fault drivers insurance
I have called at different times - many occasions- even on days were its not my filing day- same results
I applied and been waiting for 7 weeks for a call back
Yes sorry i had another phone call
I tried calling them so many time it didn’t go thru because they were having high volumes of calls
I made a complaint on 311 about bug infestation in my building. A call came in, that I missed,but there was no message
i just want to know if I call someone once can i get sued for harrasment ?
I have left multiple messages with no calls back.
I tried calling 718 722 3100 where someone answered and told me call 718 237 2000 but that number isn't leading to a legal office
I called the Code Enforcement office all day yesterday and no one answers the phone
I just wanted to know if is valid to call them would the pick up the case.
Yes I have I’m waiting for a call back
I called and they gave her phone hours to call. Very helpful, thanks!
I also did call and live a message with no response
i called the clerk’s office and they directed me to the website
