Good Afternoon, can I continue to move the case here in NY. I live here years and 3 months.
Got it, thanks much. Have a good afternoon.
If that's everything, thank you for your help and I hope you have a good afternoon!
Good afternoon: I just need assistance in how to go about asking a child support modification. My son is 18 and now back home.
Good afternoon I was wondering if you could assist me find a number I can call about a court date that I have.
Good afternoon, I have a child support case that I feel was unfair
hi good afternoon i have a question i got fired for some thing i did do
Hi! Good afternoon! I could have information in Spanish
Yes....Hey good afternoon.  How do I fill for visitions through nys court. Do I need to actually go to the court house to do it?
Yes. Good afternoon Molly, I am a landlord and I have a tenant who has not paid rent for the past three months.
Good Afternoon. I need some information about Ammending certain legal documents
Good afternoon Tim, I hope all is well.
Good afternoon I wanted to know the correct email so I can email the form I just finish
Yes. Good afternoon - I’m trying to determine which form it is that is used for a petition to modify child care support
Good afternoon, where can i get a list of scheduled forcloure properties in richmond county
Good Afternoon I currently have an issue with my visitation rights
Good afternoon Sydney.  I am from Assemblywoman Catalina Cruz, 39th District in NYC.  I have a constituent who is having problems with her neighbor.
Good afternoon Ashlynn, I had a quick question pertaining to renter's rights
Good Afternoon I am looking for assistance/ guidance about uncontested divorce
Good afternoon. I’m married and we are not long together for the pass 3 years
good afternoon my name is yuvanny alvarez
Good afternoon Mike.  I would like to know how does an individual find out what their parental rights are?
Good Afternoon I am trying to find the Paternity of Filiation where can I find the blank document to print to fill out
Good afternoon how do I go about filing charges against the property manager? She is threatening to evict me.
Good afternoon. I am a senior case manager and am assistaing a client. Her former partner has violated the Criminal Court and Family OP's.
Good afternoon! I hope you're having a blessed day...
HI, good afternoon - my name is Amrita. I am inquiring information and potential options for getting custody for my 2 year old son.
Yes Good Afternoon I have a quick question...
Good afternoon my name is Diana carrasco how are you doing today question do you help out with financial assistance with paying a bank
Hi good afternoon.  I WOULD LIKE THE email to family court in the Bronx
Good afternoon.  My mother who is 97 years young was required to allow the building
Good afternoon, i have a case that was dismissed and yet its still going we had a zoom court date
Hello good afternoon . I am trying to get more information on becoming my father and grandmother power of attorney
Good afternoon, I am 68 years old who is about to become homeless and I been denied housing by Essex Crossing, C&C Management and HPD.
Yes so let me start by saying good afternoon
Good Afternoon, I have a quick question regarding relocation.  Do I have to notify the court that I will relocate with my son?
Good afternoon, I'm asking for help regarding a NYCHA housing issue for my cousin, who is working.
Good afternoon ive had a case since 2018
good afternoon, can I verify a child support payment in order to provide proof to dmv so my license isn't suspended?
Hello good afternoon. Just trying to find out if we can file for visitation/custody on the web site. Or if they can mail the forms
Good afternoon.  My name is Cheryl D. Uzamere.  Are you a real person?
Yes good Afternoon,  in Sept 2019 I received
Hello, Good Afternoon, I’m want to know if you provide free representation in court for a child support case ?
Good afternoon, could you tell me what the Upstate New York minimum wage will be in 2021?
Good afternoon I wanted information on what lo options I have .
Good afternoon, I have outstanding Monroe County Child Support Rears I would like to start paying on to get my drivers licence back.
Good afternoon. I hope you are well.  My client's name was misspelled on his custody order. How can I go about getting this fixed?
Good afternoon, I sent in child emancipation papers end of July/August. I haven't had a response. What should I do
Good Afternoon I need a country condition expert witness
Good afternoon, I'm a social worker  just looking to get a few answers for a client I work with.
Good afternoon maybe you can lead me in the right place
Good afternoon.  How do I. Do. Online petition for paternity
Good afternoon, my name is Melvin Bradford and I need help with a lawsuit
YES.Good afternoon. I recently visited california and I’m mandated to quarantine,can I apply for unemployment?
Good afternoon. I need some assistance in filing for child support.
Good afternoon, is there a such thing as shared custody? If so what is the form #
Good afternoon, I just have a question. I have a court date in 2 weeks . How do I make an appointment to see legal help
Hello good afternoon I  will like to apply  for child support in newyork
Good afternoon !    I am looking to file for grandparents vistation  rights. What form do  I need ?
Good afternoon,  my name is Dora Orellana I want to file for custody for my daughter.   Father moved out since March
Good afternoon I just wanted to know what can I do to lift my child support sanction at public assistance
Good afternoon. In regards to a visitation/custody case at what age does the court take a child’s input in consideration?
Good afternoon I’m looking to file an abandonment of my chid’s father is that something that can be done
Good afternoon I am located in GA and trying to file for visitation in Brooklyn.
Good afternoon since courts are temporarily closed how can i file for custody and father legal supervised visitation
Good afternoon. In regards to a visitation/custody case at what age does the court take a child’s input in consideration ?
Good afternoon need to get in contact with the chief of this company . Someone earlier gave me the number but I got disconnected
Good afternoon , I am in need for a Attroney for joint  child custody in Queens family court
afternoon i was trying for a few days down to find a lawyer
Good afternoon, I am inquiring if this service will help determine unemployment or disability insurance application.
Good afternoon. I am looking for information on adoption of a stepchild
Good afternoon, I would like information on how to have my husband served if I don't know his address
Good afternoon, I would to how and what is the process of turning a mediation agreement regarding child support into a court order?
Good afternoon, I’m going to mail some petitions out for queens county family court. Where do I send the petitions to ?
Good afternoon is Bronx county clerk open for marriage register?
Good afternoon. Where can I find information on how much my child's father will need to pay in child support?
Hi good afternoon, I am having trouble locating the forms for custody.
Good afternoon I have a question regarding the courts accepting new petitions
Good afternoon, may I speak with a LIFT operator?
Good afternoon Augusto, hope all is well
good afternoon Augusto.   I have a question about a child support case i have with my exwife
Hi good afternoon I want to know how do I apply for Child support
well my landlord lives on the premises and is very drunk by late afternoon everyday
Good afternoon, how can I get a copy of my child support order? I am the custodial parent.
Good Afternoon do you provide translation services
Good Afternoon,  I'm  a real estate broker and  I would like to  file a complaint  against the seller  for breach of  contract and discrimination
good afternoon, I would to get some information about copyright law
Hey good afternoon I get a letter for my landlord saying I have to leave the apartment by may 31
hello good afternoon my name is odyyssey rodriguez and im seeking help pertaining my children
Hi good afternoon. So my issue is that last month, I had put down $1200 to hold a room i had planned to rent
Good Afternoon, I just want to file for article 6 custody online
Good afternoon. I am trying to start a divorce and have been unable to locate my ex husband for a few years now
GOOD AFTERNOON CAN YOU PLEASE SEND  THE LINK FOR CHILD SUPPORT TO MY E-MAIL.
Hi good afternoon I need help I’m trying to figure out what application is for termination for child support
Hi yes good afternoon I spoke with somebody yesterday and she want she referred me to speak to somebody in the Lyft Department
Hi good afternoon I want to star a petition for custody
Good afternoon, where do I find the paperwork to file for full custody of my daughter?
Good afternoon. How can I obtain a copy of a custody order?
Good afternoon . I would like assistance in obtaining the proper documents needed to file an accident claim for an amount above$25,000.
good afternoon Deanna. I recently lost my mother from natural causes but most info. is for covid help
Good Afternoon. Do you provide assistance completing petitions for filing
Hi good afternoon I just need to put a request
Good afternoon. I am inquiring when will Bronx family court reopen to file for child support?
Thank you for your help this afternoon.  Have a good weekend.
Good afternoon. How do I go about getting my case transferred to California?
Good afternoon. I would like to find a lawyer who specializes in setting up living trusts, preferably Haitian-speaking.
Good afternoon I wanted to ask a question about obtaining a lawyer due to my son age 7 falling in nycha
Good afternoon, I'm a union member and I am interested in drawing a will.
