Ok thank you,  I'll try calling that number
I don't think so. I'll  chst again if I have additional questions
ok I'll give it a shot. Thanks
OK. I think I did that already, but I'll try again. Thanks for your help, I appreciate it.
Thank you.  I'll check with my supervisors about using the chat service.
I hope so,  I'll come back if it doesn't.  Thanks again
Ok, thank you, worse case I'll call my lawyers office again. thanks for your assistance
No thanks. I'll pass along the link
Thank you, ill contact later if I don't get through w/court answers.
Nothing is coming up in my email. PLease give me a moment, and I'll see if I can block copy this
Ok this is great, I'll look at the links you gave. That's all for now, thank you.
Ok thank you I'll give it a try. Thank you for your help.
Ok I'll ask my advocate for adjournment letter Monday then
Ok. I'll look into it. I appreciate your help.
Ok, thanks, I'll try and get a hold of one
No thanks but thank  you. I'll look into the information that you've given me.
Thanks again.  Its just a simple form no need ill just go to the courthouse.
I dont knoe were to start but ill read now thank u .
I'll take some names that would be great. Just in case I need them. Thank you
Thank you. Since it's almost 5:00, I'll have to follow up tomorrow. But thank you for the leads.
Ok, I'll do that. Were you able to find any of the documents I was looking for?
Good thanks, I'll be waiting for your reply.
Okay Thank you I'll contact them directly
thank you ill try calling them now thanks
I'll read thru this. I appreciate your time.
Having a issue with the website. I'll try back later
ok.  I'll try the websites you gave me.
ok, thanks a lot, I'll start with these and see what happens!
Thank you for the web link. I'll contact them. Thank you for you help
Okay I'll try thanks for the help
please ill wait, thank you i thought nothing could be done
awesome thanks Blythe!  I'll let you know if we have any questions
Ok, I'll look into that. Thank you.  One more question..
Thankyou.. ill give that link a try
Ohh I see ok ill email them too
I got bad news ill b here for 6weeks after that ill b out of work i have leukemia and ill b takjn medication
Ok, I'll try and figure this out. Thank you for everything. :)
Ok I'll go there. I just need copies of payments that I made in 2004
Ok, ill call them then thanks for ur help!
Thanks again if I need you later I'll will ask for help. But that will be all for now.
Hi, I'll like to know if i am at risk of deportation
Ok very well thank you for your time. Ill c what I can do.
I'll give a brief explanation of my case.
ok good idea.  I'll check there.  Thank you for your help
Yes I'll inform her....Ok great thanks for everything
I'll look into the support modification program.  There is a statement where I won't have to register.
thank you thought ill just go to court in person
Ok that looks like it's for renters by the web address and I'll have to try that I guess.
Thank you. I'll look over the PDF. This has never happened to me before I'm stressed out.
OK I'll stop by the courthouse today.  If they won't let me in I'll call that number.  Thanks Lucas!
Okay thank you I'll get ahold of that other site you you gave me for a lawyer
okay, sorry thank you! Ill upload teh filled out petition shortly just want to review once more
I'll grab the paper real quick, 1 minute
Got it! I'll book mark it all. Thank you so much for your time. Have a happy New Yera
Okay, I'll try that. I have his old address
Ok, I'll check on that, thank you very much
I'll start looking now. Thank you so much for your help today!!
Ty I'll try to call n see where I can go from her
Got it, I'll check that out to see, thank you
I'll let yago thanks some one has to know where I can go before it snows and this finishes falling down
ok thank you ill try what you gave me really want pro bo
Thank you.  I'll try those.  I appreciate your help.
Ok thank you. I've been there but I'll look again
I guess I'll call the 2nd link.
ok i'll try there thanks so much be well - have a great weekend!
I'll have to keep reading what the time frame is he has
Alright, I'll take a look.  Thank you.
Hi Lindsey. I'll try to make this as simple as possible.
thank you very much for your help. Ill try to understand what that webpage says
I just called them and they referred me to you, ha! Ok, I'll try Legal Aid, thank you!
Just in case, I'm still here. I'll hold as much as needed
Ok. I'll start with these 2 and see what I find. Thank you.
Okay, if its alright I copied this message and ill look into these
Oh ok. I'll take the office contact information then please
I think Ill close out the other form and try it again
i appreciate your help i'll just try back in a few days
Thanks, I appreciate your help. I'll just go and check out their site now. Bye!
ok thanks i'll just wait i guess
Ok thank you ill look into ir
Yeah. Thank you. I'll wait. Because i have a few more break minutes
Ill take any thimg you can give me thanks
ok I'll give that a try thank you for your help
Oh ok, thanks for that I am just opening these tabs and I'll take a look at them
He gave me the family Court website. I guess, he was misinformed. I'll just mail it in. Thank you for your help.
I think they're busy, I'll come back when I have more so I don't keep you waiting. Thank you!!
I have not tried either number.  I'll give both a shot, starting with the NYC Criminal Court Call Center.  Thank you.
thank you I guess I'll give them a try but if they tell me they can't help who do I turn to next
i'll try to call this number thank you
OK thank you I'll just read everything over and look to see what I might need thank you very much for your help
Yes I'll take a look at the Information ,thank you very much
Ok thank you I'll give them a try.
Thanks, i'll call if it gets hairy in the next week. Bye for now
thanks, this looks like an appeal but I'll check it out
Thank you for your help so far! I truly appreciate it! I'll take a look
Thanks, I'll try this, too.  Thank you for your help!
i'll try this link, hopefully it will work. thank you so much
Thanks for those links. I'll take a look at them.
Ok great, thank you so much! I'll follow up with those two and see if they can help.
Ok, well I appreciate your help so much, I'll try the resources you gave me, thank you again :)
I'll get a transcript.  Thank you. Have a good weekend.
Ok I'll try but I don't think I would need take further action because the landlord got the payment for all the rent
Thank you so much!!! You deserve a raise! I'll give them a call tomorrow. Thank you Ana!
Thanks. He was extremely upset hearing that (understood of course). I'll update the file shortly
Okay great.  I'll also check with my lawyer to determine the appropriateness.  Can't thank you enough.  Good luck in law school!
Ok I'll give it a shot.  Thanks
Your help has been amazing!!!! I'll take the survey now. I hope you have a great evening, you just made mine better!!!
OK, I'll let her know.  Thanks, Dennis.
i work there its a conflict of interest i Appreciate it !ill Just call VLP
Thanks for the advice. I'll pass it along
Thanks for your help.  I'll try these websites.
I'll look into it and see if I can get the help I need. Thank you.
thank you. I'll read this over and see if I can find the info I need in there.
Awesome! Thank you so much! I'll give him these options!
Yeah. I'll try to contact one.
but ill do that ill ask them instead since you don't handle family situations
Not at this time. I'll look at the links provide.
Thank you so much.  I'll check it out as well
Ok, I'll hold off on sending the form and then go meet with an attorney
Ok, I'll try. Thank u
Ok. Ill give that one a try.   Thank you Jaime
Ok thank you, I;ll try calling again. Many blessings Celine.
That's helpful.. I'll give them a call. Thank you so much for you help!
Thank you for your help. Soon. I'll check the links
Tnks So much, I'll  try that site.
i see thank you ill check out the link
ok. I'll call the  number. Thank you for your help
Ok thanks that should be enough if anything I'll be back later on
Ohhh good  I took snap shots copied and pasted but I'll do that also
ok  i'll try website.  thanks for your patience.
Thanks for all your help.  I'll check out the websites.
I understand. I'll do that and consult the links you provided. Thank you!
Wait one second, ill finish
So, I guess I will log off for now, and I'll touch base with you again to reschedule?
I'll take a look.  I tried calling court several times and no luck getting anyone.
No, and thanks very much. I'll  call this agency.  Thanks again
Ty no thats all ill look those up thank you again
Ok thank you if not I guess I'll have to go to the court house
thank you if i dont find it out Ill ask a lawyer one day
I'll just read this information and see if I do later on.
I have tried the scu email once but no answer. I'll try those I guess. Thank you for your time and help!
Thank you greatly com I'll definitely try it
Anyway I'll try another operator
no worrries...perhaps I'll make a slice of toast while you look...  :)
The information you've provided was helpful.  I'll review them after work.
thank you ill take a look at them thank you for your help
Thank you.  I appreciate that.  I'll take any help you can give
Ok I'll try again & will look into legalzoom.
Ok thanks. I'll go thru the links.
No worries I'll definitely try to find a solution to this issue thanks again
thank you, he grew up in Elmira and knows everybody so I'll use one of the other two
No, that's a start.  :)  I'll come back on Monday if I need further help :D
OK I'll try it. Thanks. But there isno number for the legal department?
