Wouldn't I lose custody of the kids if I kept them from him?
How can I sign over right to a kid I had a female with that I no longer am with
The other parent who has sole custody of my 2 kids isn't complying to meet me to bring me my kids
Do you know if I can fight as far back as of November for 2 of the kids
when you voulentarily put ur kid in a group home for behavior
i just was hoping to ask for a copy of the custody of my kids mike
and he doesn’t want to help. He is looking to get married and have kids.
No this is a big help with visiting my kids, actually i have one more question?
Hi my name is evelina maldonado and I want to get full custody of my kids because they with there dad
He has a more secure job and life to offer but I don't want to separate the kids
I'm living in Albany. The kid in Westchester
their kids never come in contact w other kids
I just want to know  if I'm able to deny them speaking to the kids that aren't involved
the kids do not want to return to her houshold and want to live with me
Yes but the worker keeps saying that she wants to contact my kids and they have nothing to do with none of this
im just afraid i wont be able to see my kid till shes 18 and thats along time from 15
I was for three years now i have a place bit not suitable for kids
I want to file for divorce but don't know how to do so. We have no kids and no assets to divide
we agreed on having the kid one week me and the other week her.. but now she is not letting me have my kid
I have been trying to even call my kids and I get no response
The kid will be temporarily living in my brother's house with my mom and husband
Thank you it's really hard and we have five kids and they're all under the age of 9
I need help in filling for custody for my kids they stay with me now no longer living with my brother
Will I get in trouble if I keep the kids inside instead of let the father have them?
I have repairs that they dont want to fix i have 3 kids
Yeah my nephew accused me of touching him when he was a kid
He keeps telling me hurry up and die so he can get the kids and take over the apt that is not in his name
Im in the shelter for 4 yrs and its me and my husband no kids
I live in a govt assisted home and I want to make a better life for my kids
My Kids tested positive for Codvid 19
no I want my child’s father to sign over his rights of my 2 kids
I have separated from my husband and want to file for divorce. I have two kids with him. What should I do?
2nd is for the kids do not to see the fathers girlfriend. they are exposed in a very stressful household enviroment
the mother has has my kids around this man even after I voiced my concerns about him
I already know where he lives and also I want to claim custody of all my kids.
i hope the divorce court will not hold it against me for not letting him see the kids
We used to live in Sunnyside so I took the kids and moved to Astoria this was at the begging of 2013
I have four kids living here and they knew they were under six years of age when we moved in
i signed because i was preassured and he threatened me to take my kids away
I want to know how can I go about this one of the kids are over the age 21 now
I’m in a situation now that I can’t see my kids now as their mom don’t want to
Now I have questions about child support now I'm not working and the kids are not with anymore
I will like to open up a visitation case with my kids father
i have should support put the amount is low . How can i get it to increase for two kids
now that I have 5 kids, I want a reduction in child support payments, can I do that?
It's related to the time frame in which we are allowed to introduce the kids to a significant other
i am looking for mutual divorce with my 7 yr. old kid
basically she is only working a few hours a week and is home to care for her kids.  her husband pays all the expenses.
Need help getting a divorce  with minor kids nvolved
im the legal guardian trying to wave the rears balance to my kids father
I want to know how I can make a appoiment in the family court to get my kid costudy
the mother do not let see to my son see his kid
I miss my kids and I just want to see them. But they think they will die if they see me
And Im remotely teaching two kids.
i understand that the child support amount is 29% for 3 kids.  is that 29% of both salaries?
Hi im seeking advice and help for child support for 2 kids in NY
I was married to guy and have 2 kids then we got separated
My kids are getting emotionally stressed  and sad because they don't want to upset the father
I want to take a person to court about a kid i think thats mines what do i do?
He refuses to take any responsibilities. We have two kids. I’m wondering if a JUDGE can make him act like a normal person.
she moved herself and 2 kids out of the city of Buffalo and desperately does not want to have to return
I  need to get away with two kids and a dog
In divorce family with kids, both father and mother live in Brooklyn. Joint legal custody with kids living with father.
I need to get some kid of a modification form
How to put in a petion to return kids to there parents
ok let me tell you my status with kids
I wanted to file for custody for my kids and child supoort
the father just reached out to me today that he wants to pick up the kids this Sunday
My son is special needs kid, he cant travel by plane by himself
I would like to find someone who can help me give up my rights for a kid I never see
I was tryna file a modification for 3 kids. I was tryna figure out how to do that
That means i cant see my kids for two months
For a month because the kid never came back
Now the police wants us to come to the precinct to question the kids
They want to keep my kid away from me forever
Yes, mom , dad and 2 kids same house (for now)
I want to know the steps to see my kids regularly ordered by the courtnif they live out of state ?
All my kids are over 21 yrs old married with kids. I barely make ends meet. Do i have to pay the arears?
I said in the future if I get married to another man. I want the new man to adopt my kids
hi i am looking for the form to file for visitations for my kids
My son knows his kids mom is leaving. He only knows the state. When he files should he file under abandonment
Plus in our recent agreement I’m the one who’s picking up the kids and dropping them off
I will continue to try but no one really cares about us dads who really want our kids
my child’s father shared custody of our kids but I need to have their passport done n he refuses
I also did a lot of overtime last year but I don't want it to increase or stay the same just for 2 kids
I am paying 29% of my salary for my first 3 kids
Oh yeah I know that she just wants to safe guard her and the kids
we are doing this in case decisions have to be made for the kids, just until my brother is able to
Yes I do have two more kids I need a modification
One kid grown. 31 years
I live on Brooklyn , but my kids are with their mom in smithtown .. I don't know where to file?
my kids dad has not been socially distancing, and i don't feel comfortable sending the kids to him any more
he doesn’t buy or spend time with his kids
She wants to give up custody and child support and have the kids live with me
I want my brother in Spain to take the kids if I die
The mother has blocked me and has kept the kids from visiting me even thought this is part of our crudity agreement
I agreed to take him for two weeks to try an alternative.  Now the kid doesn’t want to go back
He told me the kids were mine even if he had them by paper
I'm looking to get custody of my kids
Because my ex husband is trying to get custody of my kids
Wow.  This is good stuff. But she has my kids and so has no inclination of doing any of this.
Modification of child support payments because my both kids receive ssd benfits
beacuse my kids are under the age it says I can’t
the court order says she is supposed to stay inside while the kids go in and out
Where can I go to petition for child support for my kids to their dad
My ex took the kids to Florida for summer vacation for 6 weeks and he's refusing to return the kids back to new York
they harassing me every where I go from home my kids school kids daycare
hi  how cant get legal form of my kids custody
He and his.family have threatens me they were going.to take my kids and.would tell they have the.money and.power to.do so
I am scared to ask for help because he always threatens me of taking away my kids
I have the 3 kids.  Kids want to shorten return time on Sunday's, coming home from their father's visitation time every other weekend.
Help with taking my kids grandmother back to court
looks like she move there with her family and took the kid with her
Now I was reading the uncontestant says with no children under a certain age. We have 2 kids ages 7 an 2
the mother is on welfare, and i do not mind giving her anything she wants especially for my kid
My kids mother signed her rights away.
Yes I would like to keep my kids To me as closest possible
Hello I have custody of my sisters two kids can I apply for child support for them and do it anonymously?
She wants to file for divorce before she and 2 kids move out
My sister is a single mom with 4 kids
I need to know how to get mediation to come up with a plan with my ex for our kids
She said she getting a house out of ny in taking my kids like she plan on keeping them forever
He said i can see the kid whenever but he does not want me to know where he is staying
Need help with signing rights over to the kids mother
Hi I will like to put my kids father Michael Edwards on child support
I need legal help to get custody of my 2 kids.
I am on assistance and do not have much money. My husband is divorcing me and refuses to pay support regularly for his two kids
With my 84 yr old mom, my 2 kids (age 13 n 8) and my mentally handicapped sister 33
hello iam looking to file for divorce but can not seam to find the forms. We have kids under 18
Hello I’m seeking the return of my kids family court writ of habes corpus and how after disposition hearing .
And want to have nothing to do with this kid legal whatever
my kid lives in Floridia and no court order
How can I apply to take parental rights away from my kids fathers
I’m never married with the father of my kids
but u don’t know about if the court vacate a temporary visitation can the person still see his kid?
when kids go back to there dad he keeps them and tells them they can’t see me
