Yes, that’s fine. Just have a few questions for you about my current situation
It is handled by HOA and also I got fine for that.
That is fine but can you point me in the direction of where to go on the web to reseach this information
i told them over the phone that i am fine, i don't understand why they would be called
Yes that’s fine. I need to find out how I can get access to a modification form
yup that’s fine I’ll hold
Ok thank you (address listed in fine print on bottom of my court papers lists Brisbane bldg, buffalo ny)
now is fine, thank you so much. if any questions, will back to here ask your help.
Hi yes that's fine thanks. With the virus going around how is unemployment working?
No matter how many ways I asked they would say I was doing fine
Yep, I should be fine for now, is there anything I should do to close this chat? Or can I just X out of it?
Oh, sorry, yes, I would like to continue.  All of the disclaimer is fine.
Cops tend to respond quickly so I think I'll be fine
Yes that's fine i have a lawyer i just feel like this is taking too long
not yet. If it were to be excused from the school of origin, then would it be fine?
No, it’s fine for know.  Thank very much for your help
the links work fine, thank you again.. I will start searching into each page.
No that's fine thanks for your help have a nice day
that is fine.  I am only asking for to explain a section of the POA document.
I am now dealing with a fine of $100 that I truly feel I do not deserve.
Thank you It will be fine I'm sure once I figure it all out.
okay, I'm fine to hang out a while longer
No that is too late I want fine VACATED by the same judge that set it I understand he can vacate his owne decision/verdict
That is fine but the only place i know is her mother's house and she is not there
its nerve racking to sign something without being certain that it’s fine. I imagine it would take less than two minutes by phone
has only been verbal , has I said the apartment is illegal and they not trying to make it a legal matter to avoid fines
It’s fine you tried I appreciate your time and for listening my phone is going to run out of charge
That's fine but I will like the link to the do it yourself form. Thanks
Youre fine!! I wish i could take a survey for you!!
I wanted help to report this problem, if the house is elegant that they close it or pay a fine
Yes that would be fine Pasiley TY again..
If you want to schedule a one-off consultation with her and me, that is fine -- doesn't have to wait for the next Bloomberg day.
Yes please. I called them to find out if they could waive the fines, but they refused
yes, I was 22 and was arrested for "harassment" but it was dropped down to a fine
Sorry I contracted virus on April and had two months sickness from that I am fine Now
Nope not working it's fine though I'll just search on my own
it has been fine. My son is "daddy" and the child needs for nothing.
does that matter ? and if i am able to get a letter from him would it work indicating he is fine with it?
I had a dwi in 2018 I did eight months jail time paid my fines and reinstatement fee only to tell me I am deined
Is there any type of waiver or forgiveness or clemency for traffic violations, fines, etc
Gm I'm trying to fine out how i file for divorce
No it is fine I think I might have found something thank you
I would be fine but I don’t want anything to do with it!
That's fine, I'm hoping you can help me in the right direction to find the deed to my home
This is Fine I'm writing to get information for my daughter
yes, you can put it as n/a that will be fine. Thanks!
That is fine. We believe that our Father was the victim of negligent homicide. Are there attorneys available for criminal prosecution?
The case have violation at Due-Procces so I need to fine how to make emotion aqueduct
That's fine , and in that case you probably don't want to know the courts involved in the 440 motions I want to do
lol I guess I missed that fine print   BYE
oh no its fine but thanks anyway bye
My landlord is trying to make me pay the fines for his HPD violations
That would be fine. It was more so that I could give the person the information because I was told he was being pressured.
I am fine and I hope you are too and staying away from our friend? the virus...ugh
Yes. That's fine, am i able to message them threw this ? I can't talk on the phone
That's fine it supposed to arrive after the chat
Yes that's fine. I am looking for someone that can look over law documents that I have already creating for their input
That's fine take your time anything that you can do or send to me that would help my situation I would greatly appreciate it
I am being fined in my co-op for removing a building memo that I disagreed with and was negative. I am now being fined $1,000.
No that's fine, this is all the information I need right now
Possibly, can't find anything about the fines? Its ok
Hi yes I was just wondering how do I fine information on docket number
Whatever is fine - I just need to find out if there is a warrant so I can do the right thing
may I know your name is is that against the rules?  It is fine to say that you can't share your na,e
Hope everything is fine with you. I need a lawyer for divorce  filing
no thank you that information is fine. Is there any kind of counseling or  other service for the child, that the court offer?
Thank you very much! It’s ok I’m fine
I was thinking more along the lines of a fine for illegal u-turn waived
Pdf is fine.  Thank for additional research
we would like to have a baby, and that would be fine if mom paid the $685. but she doesn't.
thank you its fine i guess maybe he will pay again when pandemic ends
I want court to vacate a fine for town code violation
ｉwant fine a lawyer make my case for I212 and I601A
Habitate for Humanity is fine, And HUD assistance grants or funding will be fine as well
No the same judge that set the fine with limited information
I would like to fine how make emotion aqueduct
my brother is being fined for selling the business while it was disqualified from SNAP
Yes this is fine.  I am an EAP Representative seeking resources for a client.
