Because I don’t remember what county or court it was filed in.
Herkimer County. Descedant was from Little Falls, NY.
The electric company is National Grid in Upstate NY (Oswego county). What other information do you need?
Yes, I am in NY County.  My zipcode is 10023.
no,  i mean the divorce was filed at Westchester county
No i dont drive nothing in nassau county
The county would be dutchess  county and just a basic spousal support form. I don't think there is a specific form for that.
does the lawyer have to be in dutchess county to take his case ?
yes much appreciated, Bronx county ny
Hello, I would like assitance finding a probono lawyer in Nassau county
my grandkids are in onieda county im in nc
Will be in Herkimer county I need to go or it is the same for any county
What am I suppose to file with the county clerk and court?
I'm in Georgia but my parents and grandmother were born in Onondaga County NY
I am a permanent residence here in Bronx County and my husband is in the Dominican Republic
Does Onondaga county have an e portal that I can log into and look up case filing history ?
I see these links are for Nassau and western NY, does it matter I'm in Broome county?
I just don't want to spend unnecessary time going to the county clerk's office
Im looking to transfer from Monroe county to Broome
ok perfect. So just those two forms. Does Westchester county allow e-filing for these documents or would i have to mail them in?
Am I obligated to do this in Oswego County? The city of Syracuse is closer and more well known to me.
Family court is Rochester ny. Monroe County
section 8 in Nassau County , Hempstead N.Y with Hempstead Housing Authority
It’s came from the division of human services in my county
is it ok that some papers say cortland county, some say tompkins county, and the affidavit says dutchess county?
Do they cover Saratoga County as well, despite being in Albany?
they're not being made--they were going through child support office in Ontario County
trying to find an attorney in broome county to help me on crime
so I would have to a search by county for each legal topic?
Oneida county because in Broome  county they said she would need proof
not Steubenville it’s just steuben county ny
But I don't want to go so far in fact I'm ready to go to the county where the child was born.
What electronic form for violation of visitation chemung county
if there were a judgement, in which court would it be?  County?  Town?  Village?
Yes and my wife’s attorney is in Cayuga county but the divorce proceedings have been Seneca county
I,m in   Schenectady  county   upstate ny
Case is being heard in Monroe County as this is where the landlord resides.
Montgomery County is currently the court we go to
It’s a basic agreement through Putnam County NY I have been hearing mixed stories that’s why I am here
the originasl custody agreement was in queens county
I'm almost certain that a lawyer can figure out how to file a POA with the County Clerk
My daughter died in Nassau County but resided in Queens
UTMA account and it is identified in the stipulation of support filed with Westchester county
Thanks, I will try the Onondaga County one. But I am not uninsured. I have Medicaid.
where can i find the paperwork to START A NONPAYMENT case in Orange county NY
the mother has already filed for custody in Monroe county
The case is in Orange County NY and I would like to change it to NYC
He was arrested in Bronx County, so the case would theoretically be litigated there.
My attorney in erie county said file 3030 failure to prosecute
It's monroe county, im town of monroe which it's in orange county
I need help with a home foreclosure in Allegany county NY
Erie county. It's being held at the city of buffalo court.
Yes maam, it is Stephens County Georgia
Oswego county, Central square ny
This Nassau county court system is extremely corrupt and now they are revoking my passport because I owe like 3800$
thank you I will and do they have any in Westchester county that is where sh works
Legal asst. Of western ny couldn't help in Ontario county
Do i need to file the claim against the furniture company in the county that furniture company resides in?
Hello- I’m being sued by a lawyer we hired for litigation in commercial case in Nassau county.
I own a small business in the county and have a concern regarding my landlord. Who can help with this?
I'm located in Queens County (NYC).
I appreciate your help. And yes I am in Chautauqua County
Looking for a lawyer for a custody case. The child resides in another county
oswgo county ny regarding an open custody case
I have no idea of what I need to do to file the POA with the county clerk
Ok.thanks alot.iys about 2 or more hours away from me.im in Chautauqua county.
hello, i love in erie county and i wash trying to find how to get expungement from family court
The child is in Rensselaer county I’m in Schenectady county
I reside in Genesee county but this all happened in Erie county 14127
Both. The county clerk in delaware county already looked for me in that county and 4 otheres near there and could not find one
sorry, I read country, I’m in Richmond county
Yes saratoga springs saratoga county
Then the petition itself.  Bothe were notarized and is in the Westchester County Surrogate System.
The child born at camden county and I moved to Hudson county and the mother started staying a month  ago in Livingston county
My question is about the new salary 2020 im from rockland county ny we get the same salary
As a landlord of a 2 family unit do I need to supply a deadbolt in chautauqua county
What forms does Sullivan County use for custody petition
yes. Erie county, buffalo, ny
Contempt Case in Orange County NY
That number is from the city so not sure they can help me in westchester county?
thank you, I am finding no matches right now. This case was opened in either brooklyn or the bronx. Both counties say no results
Putnam county court is very hurtful towards moms who work
I am in Tompkins county but my wife and child are in Oneida county
Dan, where in Oneida County can I get help with bad debts, yes
Fort mohave az mohave county
Citi card may be based out of NY county
im a landlord in sullivan county. id like my maintenance workers to be informed. do the rules in the HPD checklist apply in sullivan county?
She moved from Ulster County to the state of Texas and now she resides in Orange County
They either are to far away or dont help in Ontario county
is there one for orange county. i tried that just now but it said it was just for NY City
I'm in Oswego county but where the vehicle was purchased is onanadoga county
how many days in dvance do i have to serve a petition to modify custody in westchester county ny
Its actually in queens county but I would prefer an attorney from Albany
I love in North Bellmore, NY  Nassau County
An cps in wayne county ny does not care
how do i find out if i can?  i am in an income controlled rental complex in ontario county
It would be Erie county courts, buffalo
ok even though my business is in orange county i should seek assistance through rockland county?
Westchester County NY in New Rochelle
So this is for NYC and I’m in Buffalo in Erie County. Should I still use this same hotline?
I am a teacher in Westchester county with cdc   listed underlying conditions as it relates to coivid 19
Are there any organizations in Westchester County that can advise me for free on such matters?
I’m in Pearl River in Rockland county NY
So your suggesting I call the Delaware county surrogate court where she died to see if I can apply for a court order?
The Father is in Duchess County. I am in Richmond county.
And it would be enforceable by either co-parent in the new county?
sorry, according to their website the referral you gave me, hudson valley legal services, only serves the folloign counties Dutchess County
No the child is in orange county and the person filed in another county
Yes. How do I make a report against my landlord in Saratoga county? My bathroom has been continuously flooding and he has not fixed it
I am interested in legal rights with regards to returning to work in Westchester County.
Staying in Otego NY born in Chenango County this past Sunday.
Against wayne county ny child protective servies
And my son filed a petition in Erie county a couple of weeks ago
I'm from Rockland county what's the salary for the next year
I was given a referral by Erie county family court in Buffalo NY to the assigned council program
chautauqua county family court in Mayville, NY
I need help with my home foreclosure in Allegany county ny
i need help finding the diy child support petition from wayne county ny
where can I get that info? erie county ny
I am looking to obtain contact information for the child support department in orange county ny
How do I go about to change my order from Jamestown to onondaga County
My apartment is in Geneva, NY, in Ontario County
unfortunately its only for states, were looking more on a county of the state were in rens county they are in saratoga county
thank you but i need everything for Fulton county
I also have a concern about a series of hippa violations out of schuyler county
Hi, So I filed an Custody petition Upstate and my child's father took my son and fled Oneida County and went to Richmond County
no I am in NYS...So I would go to saratoga county court to do this?
NYLAG. and BLS cannot represent me in Nassau County. This is so frightening. Thank you
Yes. I’m in St. Lawrence county.
Im from fulton County but the charge was brought in Montgomery County
I reside in Erie county, PA. I did work in chautauqua county
This matter is in Onondaga County, the child goes to Liverpool School District which is width in Onondaga County
I need help file for a failure to prosecute on my case in monroe county  yes
Case would be in syracuse ny onadago county
and can i file in both counties to see wher ei get a sooner response or is that not allowed?
and that's for wayne county ny residents
The judgment was obtained in Orange County, Middletown  court
The grandmother went to onondaga court that's the county the baby was born in
Where do you return Monroe County court petition forms?
thank you, i just assumed it would have to go to the queens county child support unit
Can one go through Onondaga county ny court system if petitioning for custody of child from Oneida county ny court system ?
Slander Libel. this lady from wayne county is sladering me all over online and making up a LOT of lies about me and my family
Yes I am in queens county? but I purchase the item online,
i have a custody hearing in orange county but i livre in onondaga county and need legal representation
Ok I'll contact my county and then my daughter's county for more information.
Hi. Can you efile a small estate administration in Westchester County?
yes, the case is in Westchester county, but she is a resident of Ulster county, so we don't know who to call
I went to the genesee county clerks office to do that. So it would be genesee county court?
It is a litigation Trust matter in Rensselaer County, NY.
i am in the process of adopting my granddaughter whom I have received guardianship from Dutchess County, NY.
Should I call a surrogates court in Wyoming county to see if there is a will and who is handling it?
i am looking for a lawyer and court for a lawsuit against fulton county child protective services
My case will be filed in Schenectady County but what I had found was in Albany Court House -
yes monroe county, i wanted to know if I had to be legally separated before I can file for a divorce
Currently couch surfing in Essex county, but it took place in Franklin county
Shes been charged with a felony.  Fulton County court in Johnstown NY
However, the County Clerk cannot provide a certified copy unless the POA has already been filed with the County Clerk
In Oneida county what are the circumstances can you relinquish your parental rights?
I need to know if I would file papers in her county of residence or my own?
the divorce was granted in Onondaga county NY
This is all literally covering six counties at this point.
Can you direct me to do it yourself eviction papers to file in albany county?
I currently  in Onondaga County  but would drive to their area for visitation
I reside in Ontario County, yes. But the mother of son's whereabouts are unknown.
west Chester county New Rochelle
Also, am i able to file electronically in Westchester County?
the state switched my case to wayne county dss
Yes. Alberta morris nassau County ny
BROOME COUNTY, NY NEAR BINGHAMTON
Im located in Dutchess county, Ny
Washoe county  ,Clark county..  Carson City,  nev...
I am looking for a list of criminal Attorneys in Nassau County
But I imagine the Rochester Office would not cover Nassau County right??
Are those the same rules for Upstate NY. Broome county?
no albany county but the court case is in ulster county
No. A DIY form to file a POA with the county clerk.
I have a question regarding a family court issue in Wayne County NY
I'm from Binghamton NY. Who has rental assistance in my county
I am trying to find the papers for custody/visitation for Oneida County
Does it matter what county do i file the case in? Or is there just one court across the city?
Willliamson NY, Wayne county area
I just need to find out where to locate the Nassau County Rules of Court
i am in Orange County and my spouse is in Bronx. Can I file in Orange County ?
thank you, also looking for printablew version so i can take my local county court
see, Oneida county doesn’t like to work on undoing another Oneida county attorneys work. It’s taboo and an unspoken protocol
It occurred in buffalo, ny which I believe is Erie county. We reside in steuben county
Will the white plains attorney’s go up to Orange County?
I have used the same system the county clerks offices use The NYS clerk record search website
Yes suffer county criminal court in Islip
So, anyone in Albany County or Rensselaer County
I don't see a list of which court that is county by county
how to find out if i m being sued by creditors? In queens county court?
a fair hearing for a CPS case in Saratoga County, NY.
An the second number is for Rochester ny I’m in Albany County
I am trying to find a fillable form to do a reply affidavit in NYS, Dutchess County
ok. looking for a workers comp. lawyer in ontario county
Niagara County. Near Niagara Falls and Buffalo
Guilford county that's in Greensboro North Carolina
My cases would be against the counties involved , their DSS , their Sheriff's departments , and their assigned counsel programs.
will they help me in jamestown ny Chautauqua county
nys tvb in nyc  and others in differt county
I called them and they aren’t serving Ontario county anymore unfortunately
That is for Nassau county.  Does this pertain to Clinton County?
yes, Rochester is Monroe County. Plattburg is far away. Albany is 5 hours away and Syracuse is Onandaga County
I know that in Catt county, attorneys are doing Skype for arriagnments
im in monroe county the court case is livingston county
they also serve Westchester County? Information is confusing between what falls under NYC and what is NYS
I need help in Erie County Surrogate court. My Uncle estate is being stolen through undue influence
And do I need a new custody agreement if the original one was filed in a different county?
Most of these tickets are in Nassau county.  Maybe one or two in Queens
I made a mistake about my location.It should be Richmond county
A child was born on one county and now the child
Is there a probono attorney around Wayne county who could help me with a slander/defamtiaon/ cease and dessist order?
