My other question is mainly about serving the objection order.
The other party does not have an attorney. How should I serve the copy of Objections on her?
I def dont object i m just curious since is self sufficiant
So I would need 3 copies of the objection and 1 copy of the affidavit of service?
yeah no there was never a trial due to a translator being needed which is why i objected never got to express my concerns
So I cannot submit the Objection to EDDS until i have it served by mail on the other party?
It's not an objection, it's that i believe i have been over paid and would like the income execution to be stopped
Yes, free legal objective advice
I objected even though I was represented by Attorney which didn't object.
no i filed the objection they recieved it yesterday i recieved the rebuttal
Okay, thank you. By any chance would you know that when an objection is received to the courts, that the COLA will not be applied?
can I just object to all three findings of fact,money judgement and default judgement?
objection was upheld then magistrate had in front of still a violation order and  the denovo as well is what i'm saying.
He is above self support reserve and I am trying to explosive grounds for objections
I had a child support case yesterday and i need to object to it. I feel the amount i have to pay is unfair.
The other parent filed for violation while I was still in the objection phase.
I know how to get the objection form but i would like assistance with my case.
can I object him modifying cs this will be the first appearnce
I'm looking for the forms  used in processing COLA ORDERS & COLA OBJECTIONS
I have several objections to their motion and am looking into how I find the appropriate form or process to appeal
the object was accepted, the rebuttal i recieved yesterday was from the attorneys office and was dated the 9th
my wife don't have any objection to have me visitation rights
do you answer questions in relationship to filling out objections and how to word them
Thanks. And may I ask you again about the procedure to file Objections to the Magistrate's Order during Covid.
but do I need to fill any documents to object to deadbeat's motion and present to the court or verbally is enough
is there a number I can call for objective legal help ?
I want to know if I can get help with how to fill out forms to object to  accounting  citation.
Hello, I am unsure if you are able to help me. I am trying to submit an objection to a COLA order?
I can not afford that, as  I am filing a petition  to have my support lowered an objection of the COLA
So I can have  Objections served on the other party by regular mail WITHOUT judge's approval?
