Every time I click on the link you send me it reopens to our conversation
I click on the link that you told me to go to, were do I go from here.
For some reason it won’t let me click on the link
If I click on the link it may close the chat , how can I save them
I’m Clicking the get started button
So just click the x in upper right hand side ?
I went to that but I don’t know what to click on for the form
Every time I click a link you send me it closes my browser
Ok if I click on the links this will also show me how to file
No. Not for now. I have specific appeal questions. You are Very helpful. Thx I click for transcripts
Hi Molly. I’m sorry we got disconnected when I clicked the link
Hello sorry I tried doing it but was unable t says copy link and view collection  which do I click
About the links you sent me all the time I click on it don’t take me any where but here
It brought me back to this page when I clicked the link
Every time I click on the link it brings me back to our live chat
When I click on the three dots there is no envelope what do I push
I might of clicked on the wrong site because I meant to click st. Lawrence county
When I click on the link it’s just taking me back to our chat
Is there another link everytime i click its say erorr on the form i need
when i click on those websites it brings me right back to yours
ok can you tell me how to do it from the page the steps cause once I click the link we will get disconnected
Everytime I click on the link you sent it doesn't load and it kicks me off.
When I click on the link you provided it sending me back to this message board
It’s leading me back to this chat when I click the link
I clicked the link and it brings me right back to you
The second link when I click on it I come right back to you
Do I just click the forms here because I’ve been trying to find them online and it’s not coming up
Am  when I click on the links it directs me back to this website
I click link brings me back to this chat room
Yes but when I click on it I sends me back to this page
Oh I clicked on it and it brought me back to this chat
I’m sorry, every time I click on those links it opens another instance of this chat
When I click on the link it brings me back to the chat
When I click the link it brings me right back to this
No, that's all. I'll disconnect after click the links you've provided.
Everytime I click on it. It brings me back to our chat.
just click the link n then where i need to go
Yes, I clicked on it and it brought up our chat lol
I just click on the link on the page to processed? The program I guess
i am on endless loop i click on forgot passord
When I click on the modification part it takes me back to this chat
I click on the yellow links but nothing happens it’s is okay to do on a phone or better off a laptop?
I clicked on the link it’s sending me back to our chat
But I don’t know what to click on to start the petition
I click on the links and it comes back to this page
So when I try to click on the links for lawhelpny it redirects me back to this chat.
Website not allowing me to see forms even when I click on it
WHEN I CLICKED THE LINK IT BROUGHT ME BACK TO THIS WEBSITE...
When I click into the link it open in other page and it shows sorry this temple is no longer avelible
Yes, thank you. I will click on the link afterwards.
I clicked on the three dots but I don't see an envelope
Im not sure what to click I clicked family services and put the info in
When I click on it it takes me to the form for custody modification only
When I click on either of those links they just bring me back to this live chat conversation
(these are great links - just a suggestion, click the down arrow on the send button)
I click on the link but it keeps bringing back to here
I click on the link and it takes me back to the chat
so just click on that link and i will be able to find an atty?
Support modification and enforcement/violations program is that the one I click on?
it wont let me click on them sends me right back here
I’ve clicked on each one and it brings me right back here. I will try calling the numbers tomorrow
When I click the Link above you send me it’s put me back to you
I clicked the website you provided and it sent me back to this site.
When clicking either of the links it directs me back to our conversation
Ok thank you . Should I wait or click on the link now?
I clicked on the link and I get a "page not found" result
The link is only taking me back to the chat when I click it
I click on that link and it brings me right back to this
I know the name of the form is gf 17 it’s listed but I cannot click on it
Everytime I click the link it takes me to the chat
When i click on last link it keeps taking me back to this chat pagr
I click the link and it loads me into our chat right now
I CLICKED IT AND IT BROUGHT ME BACK HERE AGAIN..ARE YOU SURE YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING....
I clicked on the link lol it brought me back to our conversation
When I click the link it takes me back to our chat, it’s very weird
No. Thanks. I'm trying ro click on the links you provided.
Thanks But it keeps bringing me back to the page I’m on when I click on the link
As I click , it brings me right back to chat
Every time I click on the link, it sends me right back to here.
I actually just opened another window & clicked on #2.
