I have a few questions to determine if myself and my children qualify for disability
Hi, I was terminated from my private disability insurance on Monday
I wrote to a disability rights attorney to ask for pro-bono help
I am looking for free if possible advice on how to handle a federal disability situation involving the USPS and OWCP and now SS.
I am disabled an do not have money or I would have already gone to one
Now CPS is using my disability and requested me to go to classes that I cannot make it to because of my disability
I have been diagnosed with endocrine pancreas  cancer trying to get ssi or ssi disability. I'm 59 years old have worked my whole life
I want to find out about making a will to provide guardianship for my disabled child
I informed them that I am on disability and cannot physically get to the grocery store
Is that the truth. A parent can't take a disabled child off the will
My daughter is 20,I’m on disability they started Taking money out of my SSD check last Month
I’m looking for organization or someone that can help mentally disabled with Ligal Problems
I am a disabled veteran, 73, with Cerrohsis of the liver.  I don't have much time left.
The chat ended with the question I had about my rights as a non-custodial parent that has become disabled and cannot return the child
Yes.  I am disabled. I cant talk or see well. I have a MS. A neck compression that needs surgery..Ptsd and adhd a
im disabled and need s certain forms approved and weve been trying for almost a month and mine expires in 9 days
Can you have a parent with disabilities and they took my children away I was wondering how to get them back
Do you have the PDF form for a certificate of Relief from Disabilities or good conduct
I am seeking disability and he was just 2 months of full retirement age before this
I am looking for legal representation to obtain disability
Is it against the law to remove funds from my disability after qualifying for hardship
It is state and city student billing and rights with disabilities
Portfolio recocery old credit line she had before she got disabled
OK is there a place near me or in the area of 125th or near that.  I'm disable and hard to get around.
i was told I can get a no charge Divorce due to me being disabled
Nys office temporary and disability assistance division of child support enforcement
im in nyc lowereast    im 62 with disability and my son too
Send divorce stipulation to SSA (garnishing my child support per my disability)?
I’m young, physically disabled,  helpless, hopeless, and homeless so if that’s not enough detail,
this says nothing about family court, its immigration, lgbt, disability
deadbeat is a vet and just got approved for disability
I'm 70 disabled and recovering from bad surgery
So can you give me the number of a free lawyer. I'm on disability
im on disability and it’s impossible to pay the bills
how do I petition court to get this lifted while she’s on disability
Btw, I am a stroke victim and I am legally disabled
Hello.  I would like information on workplace disability rights
Need an advocate for 2 young disabled young adults
Disabled famy denied shelter benifits due disabilitirs
do you have an address where i can send proof of disability to the court
i have to disable boys with Austin an I shouldn’t have to be going threw so much
ptsd- 0% but I have complex ptsd, and I am treated by VA- disability compensation denied because my PTSD wAs not combat related
Im no longer working im on disability
Ok I have an adult disabled son.  His dad and I have joint guardianship. Buy
I'm not mentally challenged I am physically disabled and my left leg is amputated my right one is reattached
special needs means a child has some kind of disability
I'm disabled & looking for a probono probate lawyer
I'm disabled and on the verge of being homeless. I asked HRA for help and was denied. I want to appeal
is there job protection for someone on short term disability even when the FMLA runs out?
i cannot afford to hire an attorney as i am physically disabled, onssi for a spinal deformation for 15 years
Would she be able to receive legal aid services in drawing up these documents? She is 74 and disabled
Also I am unable to leave my home for disabled reasons
It is frustrating because the Disability Rights do not usually provide legal representation in court.
Blind disabled all my food and meds stolrn by my neibor police will not helo
im not working anymore im on disability where can i submit a modification
It has been 38 years imposter is collecting disability under my injuries
I need to find an attorney in Saratoga County who is experienced in eviction cases. I am disabled, in a physical rehab center.
my kids father came home from jail took my disabled daughter I don’t know where he lives he’s a criminal
What are my rights as a non-custodial parent if I am currently disabled and cannot return my child
RPI Ph.D. Student: Title IX, Employment, and ADA Disability Discrimination Case
The plantiff said I caused him and rendered him to be sore,lame and disabled
Do you provde legal representation for a disabled staten lsland resident?
Hi! I am disabled and I need to try to find representation for a divorce and custody matter.
This is helpful. my only other question is: Would legal be involved in having medicaid and disability services transferred from one state to another?
The disability rights page pops up then disappears
I'm not sure if she just stores the cash with her because she's claiming disability also so she is lying to the system.
Hello. I'm wondering if a Certificate of Relief from Disabilities would make me able to get a real estate license?
Secondly I am disabled and I was wondering if the rent freeze under DRIE was good in allof NYS or only NYC.
Need legal help with HP action I am disable with heari g and vision difficulties
I recently had foot surgery and I am on disability. What smooth I do
Well Im on disability and 30,000 in debt
I am on disability, my husband abandoned me and the apartment. How can I remove him from head of household
Or how to petition court to get this lifted while she is on disability
An disabled as is my spouse. We are on fixed income.We have a one  bedroom apartment and Section 8
You helped me the other day- trying to get free help with a veterans appeal on disability
The appeal Council  office of disability  adjudication and review
im currently unemployed and applying for disability. I have not income
I think my ex is treating our developmentally disabled son sexually inappropriately.
An attorney that handles housing rights/issues/evictions for disabled adults.
I am a disability parent requesting help on getting my children back
I am going through a divorce and my husband abandoned me and the children. I have a disabled daughter and I have a depilating disease.
Can both parents become legal guardians to their disable children?
I applied  for disability   twice  now and I got denied
I need a Attorney  With with physical Disability  they gave me one in the past
Also I'm disabled on disability if that helps
I am physically  disabled for the past 5 years
And she doesnt want to because she is collecting disability for years
I suffer from PTSD and my disability rights were violated.
I am a 66 year ols disabled senior.
i'm on disability and don't make $1200 a month
I am currently applying for and fighting for a disability claim. Otherwise i am currently unexplored. And have no income.
Yes how I get a norotized health care proxy form for my disable husband?
i couldn't tell from the titles of those if they deal with the ADA, americans with disabilities act
I'm disabled any numbers would be a great help.
I also have doctor doctor notation of my disability and limitations
Looking for a lawyer to handle SS Disability appeal.
he is disability and and has IOUS totaling over $25, 000
I have 4 children, 1 is disabled and I’m on SSDI myself
And currently I am disabled I need a lot of care
I have diagnosed PTSD, complex PTSD- I was denied disability from VA for this because I was not in combat
Yes please. I believe she has extorted me cause im disabled and she became my rep payee
I’m looking for help with disability laws in nyc
I wasn’t sure if I should get a disability advocate to help me
No thank you im ex disable vet so its kind of hard to pay those expanses so ill have to read everything my self
I do have some disabilities that are fortunate I don't want them getting away
Yes. Is there legal assistance for permanently disabled workers?
Ok I will call on her behalf because she is mentally disabled suffering from Alzehimers
I can get a letter from my doctor stating I'm disabled at the moment. I can not bear weight on my right foot.
sorry 17 soon to be 18 in november but is disabled
Yes i only have my disability check i have not worked in 7 years i have colon anul rectal cancer and CHRONES DISEASE
I just need my voucher. I’m disabled and can’t work
Does your firm help disabled people with their disability benefits?
I receive disability from the veterans affairs does that count as income to be counted to decide if I qualify for assistance or not
I have 2 brothers with disabilities that qualifies us to have a ADA apartment.
How can i get a copy of my relief of disability from 2000
hi i would like to find a lawyer that specializes disability discrimination at work place ?
thankyou but am disabled I can’t afford to pay
Is there a certain firm to use to modify spousal alimony? My income has changed, and I am disabled.
They are causing me so much stress. I do have a disability but I did not disclose because of stigma.
Can I get help for food also I have no money I am disable
I need a disability lawyer who helps with people with disabilities
my yearly paperwork says i receive ssi as a disabled indivisual
She is not intellectually disabled or developmentally disabled though
I am 100 percent disabled in a wheelchair and live in a 504 appointment for the handicapped
I was put down to $170 a month due to total and permanent disability
deadbeat isnt paying cs , and is not a vet who just got approved for disability
I have complex PTSD, and being treated by VA, but not awarded disability for PTSD- I need to challenge them
but it says child with disability and he doesnt have one
I am living in North Carolina now, disabled and will have to come to NY for this. He had no will!
I HAVE RECENTLY BECOME DISABLED AND MY RENT HAS INCREASED TO AN AMOUNT I CAN'T AFFORD
New representation I am aiming to comply with DSS but they need to work with my disability
My fried has mental disability and is being harrased by other tenats.  Propertymanagement is doing nothing
How do I start a case that deals with student loan and debt's and I'm on SSI disability
it’s been over a week now I have been living like this I have a daughter with disabilities
but disability has - can PFL and disability run at the same time?
I’m in a one Bedroom with a disable child and 4 other kids and mu building is refusing to move me
Only recieved disability was left nothin oh k thank you
Because I'm disabled and on the poverty level. It's been eight months already
I need a copy of my certificate of relief of disability from 2000 from bronx probation
I've been disabled due to my previous Doctor misdiagnoses of my condition witch turned out to be a tumor on my spine
He is disabled in a wheelchair and has visual impairment. He is about 56yrs old
