I called a numbe6for legal support today and they were closed.  Are offices open friday?
I was told I’d get a call back today
But he stopped communicating today and said he will be picking up our child tonight at 7pm
Thank you so much i will start contacting them numbers today
I met with Nathalie Gonzales back in August 2 ,2019 .. is there any way I can assistance today ?
Yes has an active case. Today they went to modify and an amount was made but it is still not sufficient
and now looking up my file it says control purposes for today  the 10th @ 3:33pm
Okay, if a petition was filed today, would they have that document so soon?
That’s all for today thanks.. I just fill out forms and send them in I take it
Ok thank you, is the family court open today as well I was trying to call but I got no answer
I will give it a try. I realize it's late and I don't expect an answer today, but thank you for some direction.
my mother received a call today from what i am almost 100% certain is a debt scam
he claims he had an electrician here today but I was at work and he gave the paperwork to his lawyer
Okay, thanks. That's that's it for today.
Nobody has been exposed and the parents have been allowing visitation up until today
Thank you......it will be extremely difficult to relocate wit the climate of things today.
Will do, thank you for your help. That's all I need today
I went to the precinct today. And they were not able to file a case for this. What are my options
I was laid off, my job just called me today telling me they have "eliminated" my Event manager position
Thank you,  that was going to be my next question.  I don't think I have any other questions today thank you for the information
Good evening I had court today but my son was sick I would like to know if they rescheduled it
How can I know, how much the father of my children owes until today.
you think I can receive my document through email today
is the bronx housing court open today?  and could I get information about foreclosures there
I went to court today they gave me this paper to find information on howto file but no forms are there for me as grandmother
Thank you very much ! You provided me a lot of information. Today . Bye now
The kids have said he went to Court today and now a warrant is out against her.
Do I have to go to court right away I just got the letter today
I don't want to keep the one I have and I have court today
I even filed a violation online in May and emailed the court and was told today they never got it
I called the Geneva office already and they told me to chat here to get that answer for cpurt today
i had a court case today and was unrepresented by a lawyer. it is a custody order.
not a problem. I will keep this is mind. Thanks for the information and your help today.
ok thank you so much. I really value the support you gave me today.
today i received child support court p[apers from the sheriffs office
I went to the Queens county court house today and i found out that it temporally closed
What should I say to her when I go down to speak w her today. Is this reversable?
Very helpful... Have a blessed day.. I appreciate everything you did today..
And today I saw that, fact finding for the next hearing in September
But Hannah, who was always nice, was secretly making falsely negative notes about me, which I discovered today
Another question if I file everything today will he be notify by email about filing forms?
Thanks again Mike you have been a great help Wish me luck I’m going to the court house today
I need to find a lawyer that deals with family court to meet today
My concern is that today marks 30 days from that file date. Should I I go to the county clerks office?
That's it for today. Thanks again! Enjoy the rest of your day.
Oh nice, I will give them a try. Thanks for your help today, very much appreicated!
today I got a letter from district court mass county
I had an hearing today queens family court
Can my landlord change my locks and evict me with out taking me to court my least expires today
Hi I missed my child support  court case today what can i do
I went  to  apply to get  expedited foodstamps and cash they  told  me  today  I  will  receive them
thank you for your help today. Enjoy your day and stay healthy
i just recieved this paper today telling me i need to answer to the charge and maybe get a attorney which i can not afford
child protective services bribed my step-child earlier today just to get false information
yes it went through today..  my wife's lawyer just sent us the confirmation
Not today - this is a great resource and you've been extremely helpful.
No... court papers were filed by father today
I just want to confirm if it is possible to get the order of filiation today.
I went in court today to sumit the modification form and they told me to do it inline I did that just now
But then I went to family court. And saw the judge today
Hey I have a compliance conference today can you tell me exactly what that is
Where we live* - apologies for the typos. We had yet another issue with him today so a bit shaken
I thought we had court on the 13th but its today at 1:30
ok - thanks for your help today. Can i save this transcript with the links you provided?
great. I have enough to work with for today. thank you for your help Lucas. goodbye
Hey there Lindsey , I received a call from you guys today and I didn’t know what is was regarding
not to modify it. I recieved a notice today say my case it built but not active.. thank you
I missed a court hearing today for a traffic violation
And what about the telephone number to find out about the parole hearing today for my son
Alright, well, I had a few questions for you today, and its alot to explain so bear with me!
I spoke with someone over the phone yesterday and someone is supposed to get back to me today but nothing
Thank you for helping me to understand LiveHelp today, Greg!  Best of luck to you in school.  Lauren
in small court they took an imposter posing as me and dismossed my case and told me the judge is not here today.
no letter was  sent and today I called again and was informed they have no employer on file
yes because they were living in NY an I’m just finding out today
and today we rec'd a letter about if he doesnt pay his lic,. will be suspended
Not today. I just need to copy the links before you close out.
Thank you for your help today, I'm going to start with filling out the form
ok...my ins that was in my wives name only paid out 50k and my bills as of today are over 480k
I mailed it back in today as soon as possible
so today, I have the Affidavit, but don't know how to file it
So I’m writing today because I am having lots of issues with my landlord. And I need some help
To finish I just need one of there reps to answer phone- and today is my filing day
I have to be in family court today but I don’t know how to check if it will be postponed
Here are two legal referrals that you can connect with: Legal Information for Families Today (LIFT)
I guess that’ll be all for today. I’ll be checking this important info
patricia Moriarty/Johnson vs Katielynne Moriarty. I believe are the parties involved. It’s supposed to be today I believe
I went to a family courthouse today and she told me to fill out the modification for the G-17 form
How can I find out what time is my child support hearing today? At 330 jay st Brooklyn by Family court
I went to family court today and got the run around
Okay and that was supposed to say that my lease expires today
Is Schenectady family court in session today?
Yes I actually saved it I’m going to try to download it today and send it out
Hi I'm supposed to have court today?
I just filled out a 4-3 petition form today
Hello Celine, thank you for assisting me today.
My ex is planning to take our child out of Kenya. How can I stop this? It may be 2 days from today
today I called her because My heat is stuck in the 50s
Today, I was told to fill out a downward modification form.
No that's about it for today. This has been extremely helpful. Thank you so much.
My landlord is having utilities shut off today illegally
Hello, thanks for accepting chat. I have a few questions today
ok i see. can you advise them i will come to their office today?
I csnt see how they can do this. Its scheduled for disconnect today.
My attorney just got back to me. Thank you so much for your help today
Even today I am sitting in family court since 9. They just went to lunch
this is all i needed help with today. I appreciate your help
Do u know if the lawyer office is open today
I found NYLAG and passed along the number to them earlier today too
Today is now the 3rd, and he still has not deposited the alimony. That is my ONLY source of income.
Thank u so much im goin to star fillin today online
ok thank you! how do I find out more information in regards to a letter I received today?
He stated he went to his lawyer today to file to gain custody or visitation of the kids
Today I received their “evidence” but I want to send in my oppositions
I got  approved for expedited foodstamps today  when will I receive them
Would I give them the same information I gave you today?
I went to stop the eviction notice on Tuesday but today I think I’m getting mail from the court house
Hello I have a concern i received a letter from section 8 today saying my interim change requested was denied
Great, thank you! That's all I needed today.
They got my luggage from the 22/12/19 to todays date and still giving me the run around
They just paid me today for the wages they illegally docked 2 pay cycles ago (bi-weekly).
