I'm trying to file a custody petition online I have filled out my documents and created an account already
I'm trying to find the definition of what legal custody means. Does it include sports or is just applicable to medical and religion upbringing.
I'm trying to find out if my family member is in foreclosure how do I do
Ok so I'm trying to find an attorney  who can take my case based on if its successfull
HI IM TRYING TO FILE A VIOLATION OF VISITATION BUT THE CHILD IS MY GRANDDAUGHTER. MY DAUGHTER IS PARENT
I also was trying to find out how to apply for you through the courts
Hi I'm trying to find out some info on residential custody
Hello I'm trying to find the form to fill out for visitation
I'm  trying to get some legal help
I'm trying to start a case to get sole cust
Preparing, I'm trying not to even have to go to court.
Im trying to find out how do I obtain foreclosure records from 2015
i'm trying to file a modification. i keep getting an Espanol form
im trying to find someone to help with this matter
I'm trying to get mind lower
i have 3 counts I'm trying to seal and i put them all on the same page. do you think that could be why
I'm trying to help someone without an attorney file a custody petition in brooklyn family court
Im trying to find out how i would go about seeing if someone has an arrest warrant for child support in the bronx
Yes, I'm trying to confirm her name
Hi my name is wellington de jesus and im trying to file a petition for visitation of my daughter
Hi I’m trying to find modification
im just trying to figure out what kind of form to fill out to put the visitation on hold
yes and am trying to find the forms so i can file
Hi Augusto,  I'm trying to find information of how to start a petition for a full custody case.
im trying to get the GF-40 form in spanish
I'm not trying to make payments. The non custodial owes me.
I'm in the process of Legal Separation/Divorce. I'm trying to get my ex-wife to agree to a Separation so she could
Yes I'm trying to find out how to request amendment to a divorce judgement can you point me in the right direction
I'm trying to file custody to take my son back
i tried it and I'm not in one of the eligible zip codes :(
Hi David, I'm trying to find some information about a Writ of Replevin
im going to the court to try and remove this Top
hello. im trying to find out how i can put in a petition for my daughter
hi I'm trying to find the conversation I had earlier today
I'm afraid that his moms family is going to try to take him from me at some point
im trying to get information where i can take someones parental rights?
im trying to file paper work myself
I'm trying to find out how I go about filling a case with NYCHA for charging me rent earlier than they were supposed to
im trying to file for custody of my son out of Warsaw family court in Wyoming county
Hi. Im trying to help someone locate a parole  Attorney
i am trying to efile a custody petition and can’t find the document
I'm trying to find the right agency to go through for the issue that I am having
i apologize i'm simply trying to be efficient
Hi im trying to find advise for custody
I'm trying to file a new custody petition for my grandchildren. There mother is deceased recently
hello im trying to find an affidavit of service form for ny family court
Thank you so much because I'm going nuts trying to do this I'm not computer savvy
Hi, my name is Carine and I'm trying to get some help with filing for custody of my daughter
I'm trying to file a petition but I don't know how to do it
I'm trying to find some help regarding personal issue
Im trying to get custody back under new circumstances
Hi. Im trying to file for divorce but I dont have a computer or a printer to print the documents
I hard about you guys so I'm trying to see my boys
im trying to apply for snap and I need that
I'm trying to find information on supervised visitation and supervisor responsibilities
I'm trying to file for visitation but I don't know how or what forms to file
Hi, I'm trying to locate the forms needed to file for a parenting agreement
Hi. I'm trying to find somewhere to get legal help, but I'm not sure where to look for my situation.
i am trying to find the pages to download free \custody
Gm. I'm trying to find out how I can have a court order from 2016 revised
I'm trying to find out how to request for reconsideration unemployment insurance
Im in the middle of trying to build my credit, that's how I found out about all of this
I’m trying to find the forms for custody petition for Brooklyn
My husband is in prison im trying to file for a divorce and he is not in agreeance.
yes i'm trying to touch base with a precriminal defense attorney
i;m trying to find a form to fill out
Hi im trying to file a modification petition form but is there a video to walk me through it?
Hi, im trying to find legal help as I'm  going to be going through a divorce.
Hello I'm janaya ceasar I'm trying to get information on get emancipated
im trying to find where I can access my new visitation rights
Trying to find someone to help me get a divorce.
im trying to DYI my custody/visitation order myself. where can i find the forms
im trying to convince her she should write a will but she doesn’t want to
what is this office for? I mean Im just trying to open a new business and now I'm here and I don't see the relevance.
I'm trying to learn how do I apply for the COLA
Im trying to file for custody of my son
I'm trying to find someone who can help give me options to save my house from a tax foreclosure
Thank u im going to try it
I'm trying to file a custody petition
Thank you. My fault but i'm trying to fix it and make it right
I'm trying to figure out how do I file for a petition for the return of custody of my kids.
I'm just starting out and have only been paid so much so I'm trying to fill out these papers
ik my rights im trying to  file paperw
Then how is this helpful I'm trying to file for visitation
I am trying to find some legal help for a case in custody
I'm trying to find the paperwork to file a modification petition for custody and visitation
I'm trying to get back custody of my daughter.
Hello I'm trying to find a way to go to family court for custody
I'm trying to obtain a violation of custody petition
I'm trying to find out if a child is mine or not
Im trying to get help efiling a custody/visitacion form
Hi, Im trying to find the page where I can file a visition petition
I'm trying  see if can file for custody  of my nieces
I'm trying to find help with a eviction that is wrong
Im trying to fill ouit a petition for shared custody or guardianship of my grandson.  He is 10.
hello I'm trying to get a lawyer
Hello I'm trying to find the form to make a payment plan.... my drivers license is going to be suspended
hi im try to find the forms to file a petition for custody
I have my rent history and i'm trying to figure out of i'm legally paying too much
Im trying to find a divorce lawyer
I’m trying to email the petition form but I cannot find it
Yes im trying to file a complaint with the mitchell lama administration but im not getting any response.  Who should i reach out to next?
Hello, I'm trying to find out some information
im trying to find how to get a copy of my childs Acknowlegment Of Paternity
So I'm trying to get help in nyc
I'm trying to find the correct petition
I am just trying to find the Docs that i need to efile for custody.
I am trying to find a free legal lawyer for problems with custody and child support and see if I'm eligible for urgent motion
I'm trying to help someone file a custody petition without a lawyer
Im over 18 and trying to have my step dad adopt me. I have no clue what I'm doing. If someone could possibly help.
I'm trying lol but I can't  but nothing else thank you
I'm filing for writ my daughter her grandma not trying to give her back
I'm trying to find out how to go about getting the dependents stimulus for two kids I have custody of
I'm trying to file violation petition and what form should I use?
hi I'm trying to file childsopport petition online and also custody
Hey Im trying to file for visitation, and i dont see where to do it
im trying to obtain visitation with m child
I'm trying to prep my response and I'm not an attorney
I'm try to file a order filiation
I'm trying to find a name of my judge online because I would like to write her a letter
I'm trying to get full custody of my daughter and trying to get a order of affiliation
Hello, im trying to find the application to file for custody/visitation on line
im trying to find the form to fill out to file for custody
No, that's okay.  I'm just trying to budget
Trying to find custody papers to file
I'm trying to find out what my legal rights would be in regards to settlement money that was stolen from me by a relative?
im trying to file custody for my kids
I am trying to find out the status of a petition I filed in July 2020
i'm trying to find the form to file a custody petition
Can you guide me towards someone who would? This isn't for me so I'm trying to help someone I know as much as I can
hi I'm trying to file a petition for solo cusdoty  and child sopport
I'm trying to get visitations to see my son
I'm trying to find a bankruptcy attorney to file for chapter 7
next week i will be unemployed so i'm trying to find out my options.
I'm trying to find out how can I file for custody  , I filled out the paper work but I hurd is faster through  online
Hi I'm trying to find out who to ask about health hazard condition in apt
im saying I’m trying to get the father involved now
I'm trying to find information about divorce and spouse alamomy
im just trying to find the custody modification form
I'm trying to find out if a woman by the name of Jennifer Bleys is an active attorney in NY
Hello!! I’m trying to find out how you go about filing a divorce from prison.
I'm trying to find some kind of legal service that could potentially help her.
I'm trying to avoid paying a lawyer for a simple filing.
I am trying to find out how to file for custody in NYC
I’m trying to find out if someone filed for letters of administration
Im trying to start a case for visitation for my son  im his legal parent his mother
I’m trying to find the form general form 17 to put in a petition for custody of my granddaughter
But I'm trying to find out information before I contact her
I'm trying to find a legal attorney who can help me open a case against someone owing me money
Hello, I'm trying to find out how to file for join custody for my child. It says there is a form to be fill
Hi, I'm trying to find out the process for adoption
im trying to find out how to file a violation petition
Hi I’m trying to find out how to fill out a violation of custody paper online.
im trying to find out what papers to file for custody. All the ones say modify existing pettition.
I know they aren't free I'm just looking for a list of names, I'm trying to find someone specific.
Yes I'm trying to find out how do I get a guardian ship letter for my daughter for her father's life insurance.
I'm trying to file for Custody onlinev
im am trying to enter a new one
