I have a court dateon the 31 of January at housing court in Brooklyn. But I need a lawyer to represent me.
I'm looking for a lawyer that can represent me with hra fair hearing
How do I get a representative to represent me in a court case
thats why i REALLY NEED a lawyer that can represent us out there
I need a maintenance support form, I am representing myself and only need that 1form
I would like a attorney referral to represent me in a probate matter. Is there a lawyer referral service?
I've been trying to find a free attorney for my child support case to represent me how do i get one or find one
Can you help me find the lawyer paper form to have someone represent me?
i can't find a lawyer that can represent me on time, I'm having trouble
I'm looking for a lawyer to represent me under the child victims Act
I need help finding out who represented me in court yesterday
I would like to get assistance in having a lawyer represent me in family court
I really need a lawyer to represent on my side
So there aren’t any services to help me, I cannot draft court papers and cannot represent myself in court;
I need a lawyer to represent me in this matter I would like to sue the apartment complex I reside in
go can I get a free lawyer to represent me in a modification of a child support case?
Yes. I am looking for a court appointed lawer to represent me in my chldsupport  case. Essex county ny
I currently represent my self so im just trying to figure out my next options
Hello. I want to know if I can get a free lawyer to represent my grandparents on a case.
I will be representing my father in a child support case
not to mention my parents living will that was verbal or that surrogate court is supposed to represent the dearly departed not medicaid
I need a lawyer to represent me for an unemployment appeal
I need to get signed a document with my name by a legal representative.
hello, I am looking for a lawyer to represent me that works with
Would you know if there are services in schenectady county ny to represent someone in a child support court case?  And are there income requirements.
Can you help me find a volunteer lawyer to represent me in an unemployment hearing?
Can I fire my lawyer and continue self representing in court?
How can I find out what a lawyers name that represented my brother in his case?
can you help me find out any organization that can advise ore represent for free?
Is someone able to visit him beforehand and possibly represent him? What Information???
About a week ago. He’s not the attorney handling the case. Just someone looking to represent me.
I do not feel like I'm being properly represented and I like to change my representative
I was in court already and was represented by a lawyer and the cost was to expensive I was tired because every time was pospone
I am looking for a lawyer to represent my boyfriend in suite against the shelter he is staying in
My friend disagrees with her ex's petition and needs a lawyer to represent her in the family court
I need legal assistance to be represented in court for family
what are you able to do?  Where can I find someone to represent me for free?
I NEED TO KNOW THE LAWYER THAT REPRESENTED ME BACK THEN
I need information on how I can get a lawyer to represent me for my child support
I wanted to know if I was to go to the court representing myself would I be able to have it adjourned
If the attorney has papers, is the firm obligated to represent me?
Hello I spoke to a representative on Friday regarding my child support case
I want to find a lawyer who can represent my late husband unemployment insurance cases with NYS department of labor
Ok. I am willing to represent myself. I need help with forms
Also the names of the attorneys who represented each parent.
I need a lawyer to represent me for the N.Y.S. CVA.
Before I forget do I need a lawyer to represent me in court
Thank you. If you are representing yourself can you get subpoenas for witness testimony?
lookIng for someone to help represent my husband on jail base charges
We are in need of a lawyer to help us represent in this case
And in terms of the counsel that could represent him in business matter?
I am looking for a free lawyer  to represent my old mother for a fair hearing
when i hired an attorney they bribed him to no longer represent me after $17,000 and then tried to have me killed
I'm looking for a lawyer that can represent a homeowner in a forced partition of sale
They told me I need a lawyer to help with this - to represent me
should i get an attorney to represent me in child support
I NEED A FAMILY LAW LAWYER THAT CAN REPRESENT ON THE COURT DATE! !
I'm trying to get SSDI and I don't know where to go to find a representative or lawyer to help me
Need to know of Lawyer that could represent him for damages to his face
do you know of any attorneys in the Rockland area who are willing to represent defendants in legal malpractice cases?
Yes I'm looking for a lawyer to represent me in court I want to divorce my husband
I need help finding some one to represent me in court but I dont have much money to pay a lawyer
I think I can represent myself but I don’t want to be wrong
I'm being sued how can I get a lawyer to represent me for free
Or he can request a lawyer to the court represent him without me having a lawyer?
ok thank you , are there any listings of lawyers who only represent tenants ?
I am looking for help finding an attorney that can represent me in a divorce
And I am currently under the age of 18 and will not be able to represent him in court.
I need a lawyer to represent in family court
I’m looking to find someone to represent me at little to no cost
Yes, its a forbearance agreement and stipulation of settlement that was sent to me by the lawyer who is representing a creditor
Could I get a lawyer assigned to me to file and represent me to do this modification?
How can I find out if I qualify to have one of your attorneys represent me
do i need a lawyer to represent me because i owe money
Find a lawyer that will represent me/my grandkids in family court , and I need an attorney for a civil suit.
Also can a lawyer Represent me in a case that is out of state
Am I able to file a petition to enforce the custody/parenting ordeer myself throught the Family Court DIY program and represent myself?
I have a Family Court pending matter and I retained an attorney to represent me. The matter is still pending.
Yeah but I can’t afford a lawyer that’s why I am asking for someone to represent me in court
No i want to make an order n i need help to find a attorneyey to represent me
why is there no free lawyers to represent me in the court if I am the mother
I just need a free lawyer service to represent  me in the court
How can I get a illegal aid to represent a child support
ok thanks but I need someone to represent me please
I can no longer afford an attorney to represent me as finances have changed substantially
No for the last information u provide me if we call u could get an lawyer could represent us on court
Since I have an attorney, am I still able to self-file a petition to enforce the custody plan in Family Court and represent myslef?
Hello! I have a question about my divorce case, I'm representing myself
Will i be able to have a free lawyer represent me if i have to go in person?
Hello where can i find a free lawyer to represent me in court on Thursday on child custody?
Also, How would I be able to obtain a state appointed lawyer or probono to represent me at court
I have a court date how can I get someone to represent me
And where can he find a free lawyer to represent  him in family court
hello, i need someone to represent me in court regarding a check valve test
I also call my lawyer who represented me before nobody answers .
Yes I put the order of protection against her already. How do I find a free lawyer to represent me in my case?
yes please however I was represented through the child support agency and I have no clue who is representing me.
I’m looking for someone to represent me in an unemployment hearing
I did went to the court but I want legal advice also and a lawyer for representing if anything
Hi, I need a lawyer to represent me for case I am bringing against HRA
This is a false case of which I have evidence but need help representing myself.
Labor union refuses to represent my grievance
Yes I have a hearing and I need to get a representative to help me with my case
I need to find a legal aid lawyer that can represent me as soon as possible in a pending case
Im looking for the form for a lawyer to represent me in the case
