he said he did not receive the summons to appear, but he was the one who filed the petition
I was served a summons that my dads house may go into foreclosure.  What do I do next.  I am an heir.
It is a Summons and Complaint for a consumer credit transaction
I was given a summons and complaint by the nursing home. How would I go about answering the summons and complaint.
I know the court. I am thinking if a lawyer can help since I don’t know his whereabouts to serve him the summons.
I received a summons of foreclosure on my dad's house.
Thank you. Are there any agencies that will help you with riding up your answer to the notice of summons.
I want to find help regarding a summons I received 13 yrs ago
Hello I just have a question regarding a summons to appear at civil court to give my answer
How do you mean "once you get a summons"? I am filing Petition myself, this one:  https://www.nycourts.gov/LegacyPDFS/FORMS/familycourt/pdfs/4-11.pdf
I wanted to know how can I summon my kids father in giving up his rights?
Hi. I am going to be getting divorced but I need some help understanding the legalese in the summons
I never recieved a summons or the copy they claim to have mailed to me.
i received a summons and notice for my property and was wondering if there is free legal representation
No, I am intersted to know Where can I find a summons filed for forclouser
I'm looking for legal assistance to help me through the foreclosure process. I have received a summons and complaint.
Yes.Need help preparing and filing Notice and Summons on toxic exposure injury
I would like to cancel my paternity summons
The Summons with a verified complaint stipulate the notice as "action for breach of Financing Agreement, breach of Personal Guaranty"
i had made a settlement with them and then received court summons and went to court and was advised to file an answer
does a summon would include my address. i am just worried about the person who has custody of my daughter knowing where i live
i am not trying to file an answer I wish to file a summons and complaint
It says I have to answer summons.  I'm not sure who to contact.
i was served with a summons on saturday for a modification of custody
I have been served a Summons and Complaint. I need an attorney to file an Answer for me
I do not know how to “respond to a summons with an answer”
I received a summons for debt collection and it says to file an answer with the court in person.
I have a summons for complaint and we're trying to fill out the affidavit of service
i have a Supreme Court summons dated 8/21/20. Am I supposed to get served with 20 or 30 days?
How to know if i m being sued or have any summons in civil court by creditors?
on the bottom of the “summons”, it says this is an attempt to collect a debt...
I recieved a summons from collection attorney but I am living on social security disability & a pension - how do I answer the summons?
yes the summons is for NY family court
is there a DIY online form to respond to a divorce summons
It is a hearing date. I paid the summons, which was for an accident and was given by the NYPD
Hi! I received a foreclosure summons and would like to submit my reason... I do not know how to go about that?
i would like to know the status of my paternity summons
No i did go and answer one summones and it was clear and fixed
I cannot answer that question at the moment. I am heading to center street to see about an old summons.
I would like to know where  I can get an example of a summons and complaint to combat  a nonjudicial foreclosure on my coop
Should a summons be answered even if the plaintiff and defendant reconciled
do I have to respond to a summons with an answer if I a making a settlement with the attorney
I was just served  a summons from a law firm  that represent  a hospital. I don't understand  the summons and what they want from  me.
Wage garnishment.  Do not know what the case is or what the debt originally was. It's from 2002. Never recieved summons
adminitrative law,  its for summons for the enviromental control board
i got served with summon for court case by american express and I’d appreciate any help what to do next?
no i live in mass but the summon i received it is from queens court
I was sent a summon not long ago but the efile system was not accepting respnses, is that still the case?
who can i reach out to for help regrading filing a reply to the summons that was served to me?
Is it normal for a summons to take this long to be delievered ?
I’m confused as to what is valid in terms of the settlement prior to the court summons
I am intersted in the date base to search for  a forclouser  summons
It’s a summons for debt collection in New York County Supreme Court
I received a Consumer Credit transaction Summons but can
yes summons and one summons and complaint and I have 30 days
How do I determine how much time a defendant has to file an answer after I serve them with a summon and complaint on 3/10/20
how am I supposed to answer the summons wiyh notice is there a form for that or just do it thru word
Hi Lucas, I'm trying to find out if I can go to the Richmond county civil courthouse to answer a debt collection case summons
Is there anyone that can help me with a summons for debt collector?
Correct, I believe the summons date is earlier since I received it late.
is there a specific form for a child custody summons to serve to the other parent?
yes. i receive the summons last friday and am not sure how to respond to it or where my response should go.
or respond to the summons he filed for modification of custody order?
If a spouse files papers for divorce can they have the summons canceled
also I read thru all 55 pages of the summons and cannot locate a date as to when this information must be furnished.
I've agreed to a settlement with the debt collectors, but I still need to answer the summons, right?
I got a summons from my husband's lawyer, and I answered it.  does this mean we already have it in the supreme court?
i know who the father is because he previously served me with a summons but did not follow through on his case
I was served a summons for consumer credit transaction. I want to see a lawyer to get an advice before I answer the summons
I received a summons and i’m not sure where I go from there
I was wondering if there is a program available to people outside NYC to complete an answer to a summons
Can a mortgage  servicer foreclosure on a previous banks 6 year old summons and complaint
Hi, so my boyfriend was summoned to court for child support. Hes been looking for lawyers and just the right help just like me.
hmm,Okay - thank you. But I've only submitted the summons with verified complaint and that was back in July.
I would like to know how to answer a summons - i am being sued for a debt
I was served with a summons by an attorney representing a credit union where I owe money
i have a question where should i submit my answer on a summon for a divorce case??
I received a summons with endorsed complaint affixed to my door. How do I proceed?
I need help connecting my grandmother with an attorney as she was served with a summons regarding a renewal of a judgment
