my sister in law passed away on Friday and left her 7 year daughter
Because right now she's getting away with criminal conduct.
She got a stay away order and I’ve been away from my house for 6 months
if the other parent suddenly passes away does the case continue like can i still get sole custody or it dismissed
that's what I am doing but she wants to sign her rights away before it is born so it is easier for her
Looking for probate form to have new letters testamentary granted after executor has passed away
If a grandmother has custody of a child and she passes away can the other grandmother petition custody?
my dad passed in GA and mom in NYC and my grand mother passed in st croix v.i
How do I become executor of my sons who has recently passed estate?
i live an hour away or I would just stop there
do i apply for unemployment right away or after the severance period is over?
bronx county. yes my husband passed away
Lol ok I will try it, my password went away so fast I hope it accepted it.
My mom passed away last year without a will and my sister kept the money she left
They are going to take my parental rights away  on September 21  .
Because I’m moving 30mins away and he thinks I’m taking time away from him. So he wants custody.
my father passed away. Mortgage company is telling me I have to put my name on the title so they can talk to me
Hello so my problem is my father passed away an the NYPD sealed of his room in an apartment that other people l live in
I want to know if the spouse pass away, how can i get the money from the bank he left..
Hello need a appointed lawyer for a Will case in my mothers pass away proceedings with her property and asset along with my legal documents
my dad recently passed away and the bank would like for us to obtain a Letter of Adminstration
I need an attorney for my mother and my daughter who has passed away.
My daughter pass away two weeks ago, and now the children are with their father who can't take care of them.
i did all that i even have a log in n pass wrod but i dotn see part b
her son asked me to contact landlord  to tell him that his mother passed away
My mother had temporary custody of my children.she passed away 2 weeks ago.I have physical custody now.how do I make it legal?
Good after my brother recently passed away he had full custody of his 14 year old daughter
Also how do I terminate a order for my child who is 19 and the custodial parent passed away
If I was the one to file for a refrain from how could I take it away
My brother just passed away, and I’m trying to get help with the funeral cost
he threatened to kill me,hurt the child and take the baby away
I want to get a stay away from my ex husband
Umm so if a child's caretaker passes away how would someone go about seeking to care for the child
it was my daughters birthday i it was my weekend he kept her away.
Looking for administration of the estat for my husband ( he passed away 2 months ago
I need help with questions about a recent passing and estate information
maybe 2 hours away from the border
He gained entrance while we were away and should not be there is also handicapped and needs to be in a facility
I would need help in a divorce with away to do it when the other party has unknown where abouts
Trying to figure out how to sign my rights away and how to go about it
A letter to appear in housing court was sent in my mother's name even though she passed away in April what should I do
My father passed away and i wanted to take over his estate
stating that the city was notified that my family friend passed away
My dad passed away 2 years ago and the house is still in his name but I was named administrator. What should I do please?
My husband passed away on March 2019, apartment is under his name, I need transfer to mine, Is there a time limit?
they want to take my license and passport away
My Dad passed away without a will 3 years ago.
Q1) The estate inheritance law,was there any eligible period as my father passed away before my step mother, less than a year?
After family friend passed away there was no estate no will no assets..she lived in sec 8 apt
this is for the estate of mom passed away 2006, my brother was executor from 2006
Yes my father passed away and I need to prove his my father
I’m sorry, I can off for a second and your response went away.
Sorry my connection went away but no my parents have not gotten an eviction
my father is passed away and my mother she is in oversease
my father passed away, does eveyone tha dies have to go through court?
I received a court documents from my ex boyfriend asking for legal right to buried my son that passed away in July as a stillborn
Hello, I was ordered to pay child support and I do and the grandmother passed away. How do I get it stopped?
If you have someone living with you temporary do you have to put them on your section 8 right away?
A summons arrived for my mother who passed away in April for housing Court. What should I do
My siblings and I are supposed to inherit money from my Fathers personal Injury claim that he had before he passed away.
My father past away and i want to take over his estate
If a paternal grandmother has custody of the child and passes away. How can the maternal grandmother get custody?
I need help with getting the proper papers to handle my mother's affairs. she passed away in april.
If a renter passed away and do to civic everything is shut down right now there apt cannot be clear out
I live in Venezuela  and my aunt past away in april 8 2020 from  Coronavirus
How many days do I have to wait before I can take action as like throw away his belongings
need help with a 17 year daughter who is being defiant and keep running away from both parents
and my sister won custody on Thursday and passed away on Friday
My uncle just passed away in Prince George’s County Maryland.
I was told by the DHCR that under section 8 technically once voucher holder passes away then the voucher is no longer in place
I was giving a 10 day notice to quit. I live with my grandmother and she passed away.  They want me out
My mortgage company is for closing on my home and my mortgage is in my moms name who has been passed away since 2011
Wonderful, thank you kindly. In the event that the mother has also passed away, is there another route?
moy mother was living in an apartment for a very long time and she passes away two years ago
I need to file paperwork for my daughter who passed away.
one is 24 the other is 18.  their birth father has passed away and their step-father would like to formally adopt them
I just dont want him to ever say....that I took our child away from him
My husband passed away Feb.20, 2020. I need a letter of testimary
Yes but the father has passed away since then
Hi there I'm trying to file for emergency custody of my daughter, her father had custody of her and has recently passed away
My mom passed away march 26 2020 and she had several accts and things and my sister is basicaly trying to keep everything
I also am wondering if I don’t have a will and pass away, would everything automatically be left to my spouse?
My mom passed away and did not leave a will. I need to know the steps of becoming an administrator of her estate
The issue i am having is my family friend passed away at the end of March
Does it pass outside the Small Estate Administration as it does with probate?
Can I go to court and take his rights away because it has been so long.
I know it was determined that I stay away for 3 years. And I would have to go through the courts to get visitation etc
can I do it online somehow since his mother recently passed away
She was married for over ten years with an american resident and when he passed away she was denied of the benefits she was entitled.
He has asked for rent..for may and June family friend passed away at end of March
I am trying to start a surrogate case for my mother that passed away without a will.
Hi! When someone passes away in NY State that's on Medicaid who has the rights to the funds in his bank account?
Rochester  is a hour away and  much closer
my wife pass away and i would like a form for her benefits
Just looked on the map, it’s very far away
Hi, I'm trying to file for guardian ship for my child in order to receive benefits from his fathers job since he passed away
Can some one drive car of a person that had passed away
my daughter father passed away 2 years ago and my dad will like to adopt her as her dad
Quick question.....can housing evict me if my dad passed away and was to ill to add me to the lease before he passed.
Was wondering about my legal rights as a tenet if the landlord passed away
hi. The question i have is  recently a family friend passed away
I need to get a copy of habits corpus father passed away his wife won't return  my daughter
My husband, their father, who had full custody just passed away..
also how can i file for her mother to stay away from me
How come JCCA can do such a crime and get away with it I’m a city employee and had to take days off
they mother passed away may 6
I am unemployed, caring for my mom, the money I have in bank was left to me when my uncle passed away
I need court papers to assist me in becoming my son's estate he passed away
Is there away to file for child surport online
Is that the number I would need seems to far away
she is trying to create a plan for her son now in the event should she pass away
Son passed away.  No wife no children no will.  I am his mother need to put his mobile home in my name as administrator.
Need help figuring out where to go to get more details about the estate of a recently passed relative
It's. Foreclosure on my home my father passed away and I got rely behind on my morgage payments
Her sister passed away 2 weeks ago now the landlord wants her to move out by this week
How long does someone have to be away for rights of residence to be relinquished
Someone has passed away. I am a descendent. A probate proceeding is pending.
Thanks, I put in a user name and pass word but it went away fast
My brother passed away last month and I am helping my mother with closing his accounts
