How about adding a father to a birth certificate when the mother was legally married to someone else?
I am having a big problem trying to find the proper steps in correcting my own birth certificate
hi i hve to add  a fther  in a birth certificate
Do you know if I can change the name on my birth certificate ?
Yes I know that but if he signs the birth certificate and they put it in the system will red flags show up or no
Who is eligible to get a copy of a birth certificate?
No there is not one on His birth certificate and my husband is the only man he's ever known as that title
Yes, but I am not ordering my birth certificate; I am ordering my parents' birth certificates.
Do I need to add him to the birth certificate in order to move forward with filing a child support order?
okay so I am 31 years old and on my birth certificate my mother didn’t not put my fathers name on it
i need to add my husband to the birth certificate to our child
Can I change my name on my baby’s birth certificate after I get married??
Whag happens when I go to court to get my husband name on the birth certificate
We share custody his name is on the birth certificate
my child's name was written wrong on the new birth certificate after adoption and now it has been about 2 years
no she's not married to anyone, yes my name is on certificate.
I am just looking for help with what paperwork I must complete to remove a name from a birth certificate
I need help regarding a custodu certificate
As a mom or father can a person change the name of the son on the birth certificate?
Sure, I want to remove my child’s biological father from his birth certificate and his right of paternity.
Letter saying that I have to go to court to have the biological father on the birth certificate
ok ok well the child is born from an affair but is recognized by the senior whose name is on the birth certificate
I want to change my sons birth certificate because he has my husbands name as the father but he is not the biological father
I want to change the last name of my daughter on her birth certificate
okay.  is there a time frame as to when i can receive notice from the court in regards to the birth certificate
No formal custody order. Only real document I have is the birth certificate
His name only appears in the child’s birth certificate does that gives him any custody rights?
I would like to know if it's possible for my ex husband to file for custody even if he's not on the birth certificate
If I have birth certificate with no father on it do it still have to go for custody?
can you file a paternity test if another man had signed your child’s birth certificate?
can i go to the department of health and obtain a copy of birth certificate?
Want to know if it's posible to get a NY birth original certificate cause a dissaster lost ( hurricane).
I can’t jist correct the birth certificate that’s a legal issue
I downloaded a AOP trying to have my name placed on my daughters birth certificate but the mother isn’t willing to sign
we want to change our son birth certificate
If my child’s father is not on the birth certificate do I have legal custody automatically
I need help requesting my parents' birth certificates
How do I get a copy of my birth certificate? I was born in Syracuse.
No were weren't married I didn't sing his birth certificate but it was already established through the court that he's my son.
They never married but his name is on the birth certificate.
No, can he take his daughter while petitioning to get custody and his name is on the birth certificate
Hi I am 54 years old and have found my real birth father (as opposed to the man listed on my birth certificate)
As well as my name on the birth Certificate as the father?
Is a petition for change of name of minor isn’t removing me from a birth certificate or is it?
He’s trying to get his birth certificate and social by himself but they all need proof of id which he has none.
Hi I would like to know the process for changing a name on the birth certificate
So we werent able to add my name to his birth ertificate
Complying of kids soc# and birth certificate to add them to my medical insurance
yes and wants his name on the birth certificate and his daughter with his last name
Yes im on the birth certificate, i was there when my child was born
I have someone who has a birth certificate that states "male and the last name only.
I'm the mother and I did the paternity. No name is on the birth certificate
yes but his name is not on the birth certificate and my sister just won full custody on Thursday the day before she passed away
*REGARDING THE SENIOR SUFFIX ATTACHED TO MY FATHER'S NAME ON MY BIRTH CERTIFICATE*
How do I double check he signed her birth certificate?
Is DNA mandated if an alleged father did not sign the birth certificate
Hello Ms. Amy, i think my connection was lost. I asked about getting my grandfather's birth certificate
I’m trying to get custody of my daughter but my name isn’t on her Birth Certificate
i need my birth certificate translated from italian to english
I wasn’t married and the guy that’s playing a role of baby daddy yes he signed the birth certificate
All I am asking is ... is that petition for change name to a minor removing me from the birth certificate
She wouldn't give the child my last name but my name is on the birth certificate
My birth certificate don't have a first name but I live in another state now..do I need attorney from nyc to help me
I reside out of the country and would like to add the father name on my daughter's birth certificate
I was given an order of Filiation this past July and wanted to know how can I get My last name on the birth Certificate?
I was chatting  with Amy about getting a birth certificate but the connection was lost
i want to put my biological fathers name on my birth certificate
With me , how do I go about putting him on child support and although he did not sign the child’s birth certificate
I need to add my child biological father to her birth certificate
I am 58 years old and just find out that the father listed on my birth certific
the father's name is on the birth certificate is that enough to claim it is legally established?
in order for me to obtain copy of my original birth certificate
I’ve filed papers before but they were denied because there is another person on her birth certificate
also, he stole our marriage certificate and adult childrens birth certificates from my safe when he left
She needs to fix her name in the birth certificate
He signed the birth certificate so I’m assuming no
Can I know if there is a way I can fix my kids birth certificates
I need to add my sons father to his birth certificate
I need the court to in NY to give me a paper so these people over there will issue me a birth certificate
Does a parent who is not on the birth  certificate and does not live with the child have any rights?
No I wasn’t married to the mom. I did sign the birth certificate
Would like to know how I can get my fathers name added to my birth certificate
Hi. Can I download forms to petition the court for a hearing to have my birth certificate unsealed?
I was in the process of adding my name[father] to daughters birth certificate..
I'm looking for information how I can remove a non biological father from a birth certificate
Can i take that form down to the village hall with my childs birth certificate and my id and have it notarized and mailed in?
Can I remove my husband's name on child birth certificat. He is not the biological father
if there is no father listed on my daughter’s birth certificate can I get full custody of her ?
Will I be in child support if I sign a baby’s birth certificate
If I gave birth certificate and father not on it do I still have to go to court for custody
I want to put my child's father on the birth certificate using online
But completing and submitting that form is the only thing that's needed to add him to the birth certificate?
I am the legal father on the birth certificate not the biological father
I went to vitalcheck but it only says birth certificate
my father and I would like to add his name on my birth certificate
My sons mother is in rehabilitation though for the second time in three months and I just got out on the birth certificate
Even if his name is not on the birth certificate . No ones name is on it
My only problem is, my father's name is not on my birth certificate, and I have my mother's last name who is also deceased.
How can I see a judge about taking my name off a birth certificate
I’m tryin to get my name off a birth certificate how do I go buy tha
Trying to get a passport. I have a different name on my birth certificate than my ss card.
I need help adding my husband who is the biologically father of our daughter on her birth certificate
When filing for custody, in Onondaga County (NY) do I need to bring a copy of my child's paternity, or is the birth certificate sufficient?
The hospital presented this as an option so that I may be legally put on the birth certificate
I was trying to understand if I can get full custody without the father being on the birth certificate
No nothing in place. He is on her birth certificate though
He is my biological father, but is not listed on my birth certificate.
Thank you. We were never married but his name is in my daughters birth certificate.
i have a newborn son his father name is not on birth certificate how can I file for full custody
Is there a specific instance where a mother of a child get a passport without the father's consent, his name is on the birth certificate
Can my childs father make me change my childs last name if the father hasnt signed the birth certificate or paternity
my son was born in NY and he is 12 now.  how do I add my name to his birth certificate as legal father?
How do I add the father to the birth certificate When Paternity   done
Since it’s only my name on the birth certificate does that not already only grant me full custody?
hello who should I contact if I need help filling out the certificate of relief from disability and Certificate of good conduct form?
I'm trying to get copies of the birth certificates of my mother and grandfather. It sounds like I need a court order to do that
Also would my ex husband name be on the birth certificate when I do recieve it
so i just wait until the send me a copy of the birth certificate?
What is the correct procedure for a correction of an error in a parents name in an adult birth certificate and marriage certificate
I need some advice on how to get a DNA testing/my name removed from a birth certificate
hello my name is lesby yanes i need a birth certificate for my son under one year old he lost his certificate
Yes she doesnt have father listed in birth certificate and we would like to add him now
I explicitly told you I need help to file for a court order for birth certificate amendment
but didn’t think that applied without the birth certificate amendment.
i have my son's DOB and in birth certificate his father name is there
i did sign the birth papers in the hospital when the baby was born
In order to add his name to her birth certificate
her father was assisnated before her birth and she lived in an orphanage in Kabul from the age of 2
Put it this way - -never signed birth certificate.
and is it possible to take the father off the birth certiifcate
He did an acknowledgement of paternity and signed all 3 birth certificates
i am an adult and trying to add my father's name to my birth certificate
I want to change my child name and remove his fathers name in her birth Certificate since he abandoned her already
I am looking for help getting a copy of my deceased fathers birth certificate to fulfill a requirement to obtain Italian citizenship
I'm asking for help to file a court order for a birth certificate amendment.
and my father and I would like to add his name on the birth
I pay child support I’m on the birth certificate
I never signed a birth certificate though.
I am the fiduciary and received a probate certificate already
Do i need to provide any documents? copies of id, birth certificate?
I have court tomorrow get my b.f name on birth certificate
This has brought a lot of problems as my birth certificate and my ss don’t have the same name
We would like to change my birth certificate to reflect my real father
my ex girl is taking me for child support for a kid that not mine and I’m not on the birth certificate
I have a question on removing the "father" from my son's birth certificate
How i cant get my daughter birth certificate again
Yes but he didn't sign the birth certificate
I'm asking for help to obtain an order for a *birth certificate amendment*
I have birth certificate and said card and she signed guardian papers but they expire soon and can't locate mother
I need help taking a name off a birth certificate
Can I fill out and return custody papers with out having my ID? I have my birth certificate as well as filled papers there before?
just something he would like to know. he has already signed the birth certificate and my son is 4.
The childs birth certificate, or proof im his parent, or where we live?
No I am not married paternity does not need to be determined I am on the birth certificate no we are not getting a divorce
No never married and yes hes on the birth certificate
yes. how to add my name to my son's birth certificate?
How can I put the father on my daughter birth certificate on child support.
I was adopted, my parents died, and I need help getting my birth certificate
I am looking to adopt a step child who where the other parent is not on the birth certificate what forms would I need
the kids as my last name but am not on the birth certificate
Where can I find legal aid to request my parents' birth certificates?
what is the process for changing the father on a child’s birth certificate after a dna is done
We are just trying to get my grandson's  father name on the birth certificate
at the time that my daughter was born i was not married and i need to add her biological father to the birth certificate
For my boyfriend to be my sons dad his real dad is not in his life but he wants to be on the birth certificate
I need to add my father to birth certificate
my birth cert does not have my father's name listed.  I want to add his name to my birth cert
I need a paternity form to add a childs father to a birth certificate
But even on my child's birth certificate I didn't put the fathers name
My ex who is on birth certificate isint the bialogical either and he knows about this and is considering signing off rights
Lookibg for help with certificate of jon impedment(freedom to marry
My client is looking for legal resources/information regarding their desire to modify a birth certificate. Can you point me in the right direction?
A petition for change of mane of minor is that removing me from the child’s birth certificate or not?
my birth certificate was already corrected when i was young
So I need a lawyer to file for a court order for a birth certificate amendment.
is there anyway I can remove the father from the birth certificate?
Not at all. All we have is the birth certificate where we’re both stated as parents
No need to establish paternity I am on his birth certificate.
A court order is *NECESSARY* for this birth certificate amendment to remove the Senior suffix from my father's name on my birth certificate.
