Our calculation of income is already at the maximum allowed.
We are low income housing but if an attorney that truly knows HUD rules
Need low income attorney help me remove mental illness accusation i do not have
How can this be?? In NYS the max you can be charged for support of 1 child with no income is 50/month
So what can i do right now if i am not receiving any income from my husband to support our child?
I am seeking a new place to call home put it has been difficult with the pandemic also I am on a very low income.
I know we would qualify as we are constituted as low income are you going to get in your house
May you provide me with attorneys whom work with young adults  and families whom are long income?
I wont need the legal advice or lawyer. I am low income and receive a public defender
Ah OK and the income requirements can she deny me based on that
i am looking for a free or low income lawyer to represent me in court for a eviction notice i got in the mail
I am trying to find low or no cost, since I have a low income
Yes, please. Will they go based on his income or his income will not matter?
I am a low income senior and need assistance re my home mortgage
I am looking for a low cost lawyer but am afraid I will not qualify due to my income
I am looking for a low income lawyer for a divorce
I am low income I am currently only working part-time two days a week and yes it's in Niagara county
Need assistance for bankruptcy. I'm low income.
I'm a low income individual can't afford an attorney
I’m looking for a Low family income organization
How can I get an audio transcript of a sealed Supreme Court case I was a part of? Also I have low income......
Please do, we are low income, but we are honest hard working people. any resource that you have is better than what I have now
Can you give an example of what income is the cutoff and if so, what rate is charged if I don't make the cutoff?
That means even if my income increase do not affect child support?
Mt bank i want to sue them for lost income.  Scriminate
It says that your organization advocates for civil rights for low income people .
Thank you. I have tried the Mobilization for Justice. They go by your income.
He does claim income for taxes, is basically being paid under the table...
I also think they were looking at the wrong income because the nychdc site says they consider "future income"
my annual income falls between the 125%-187% guideline, do I qualify?
Thank you! I have called may numbers and not many handle probate for low income,
I am looking to find a low income attorney for custody court in niagara county
Ok. Do you have any referrals specifically for low income (she make approx 35,00 per year) and spanish speaking persons?
Bronx,and it’s low income housing
I’ll will need legal representation despite my income and
What if I do not meet the low income marker, but cannot afford an attorney?
Do they help you regardless of your income? I'm receiving disability income.
What to know if we can access legal aid help because my hubby has a low income job..
Correct. Will the courts use my income and my spouse's income on a joint tax return as the total determined income.
Is this lawyers free for low income families
Now the letter says we don't qualify because of excess income.
Looking for an Income Execution form pursuant to CPLR 5241
20 year paid income taxe
if I lose my assistance because I did not report adicional member and income of my family , could I reapply ?
do they have attorneys who represent people in such cases?  i am disabled, low income, my experience with them is they don't do representation
i would like a low cost or based on income
Thank you. I am an international student with no income (except a TA position). Are these resources free?
yeah - are there any hotlines that assist with general questions that aren't geared to low income?
Her on the other hand is married she has income from her side and her husband and my obligations
My boyfriend is disabled on ssi so am i we are both low income we will definitely look into all these
I lost my baby sitting income which made ends meet.
Yes those estate links would be helpful for low income
Does legal aid helps only low income pp?
The magistrate put in an order based on a different yearly income.
if I don’t qualify for the low income help will the form go to my local court and start the case?
nicole, I am low income, my situation is in queens county court about child support
thank you. Is there a resource for free or low income representation in my county?
And there were 3 different income guidelines for a family of 3 on the chart
Is this office, Cardozo Bet Tzedek Civil Litigation Clinic, for low income people?
I need a referral to a lawyer I have low income I have nothing to give .
I'm pretty sure I qualify as low income I get snap and heap
Hi! I need someone to represent me on my court date since I have low income.
i just have a general question. to qualify for an 18B attorney, what are the income guidelines for NY courts?
She's on a fixed income and has a minor child
i wanted to know if the lawyers are for people with low income are they free
And add it to your income. This seems odd as the courts have done so already
No income until unemployment starts and will be less than what he madd
How do I reverse a income execution for support enforcement after the duration is up as per my divorce
I would like to know if there is any organization for low income families
I really have no income not even a penny from that business
I was also accepted for house loan even after them noticing my income has gone low
I have a low income im on public assistance and i want to get a divorce.
I understand, but I scare that his income can be $0 because he can be unemployed
Looking for lawyer for a criminal case that helps people with low income
she just needs to know if section 8 will count it as income the extra wages she's been receiving
Fixed income bill started 2015
this service seems to be specifically for people with low income. Would that disqualify anybody for asking help from them?
I am currently unemployed and income is nowhere near what I had
So my monthly income is 1500.00 total. 1200 survivor benefits for other children, 300.00 cleaning job income
The calculation based on Mr. Rice’s income is right.
I am a low income senior citizen and need to find a lawyer to represent me in a child neglect and sexual abuse case
^ referring to orgs that provide pro bono legal representation and advising on housing matters to low income nyers
What is considered low income? For free legal advice cause I dont make that much
also - she isnt reporting her full income to welfare
Can you give me an organization for free lawyers for low income people
I need free assistance. I have limited income
I know we would qualify as we are constituted as low income
gross income feom march 2020
how to do it and the price I’m low income so I just need help
I need legal assistance suing CPS I receive low income
I was told that because I have a low income I can get help
They said it’s only for low income people I just called
I don't think I am considered low income
i thought your income had to be a certain range to get the advice
I’m trying to fill out a modification for change of income status
Do you have info on attorneys for low income families?
We have 2 court dates, and a hearing oct 28. And has been advised to seek  legal  counsel  , she is low income
Sccate to death want out but stuck low income long lists for section 8
i am low income. so please refer someone that is offering advise to low income percons
these are income base and low fee lawyers, right?
are there any options for breaking a lease when someone's income changes to a fixed income due to a disability?
Do you know if the income guideline is for current income or the past plus current months income?
Yes. I am low income right now.  I haven’t been able to return to work.
Wonderful. Are there Attorneys who help with low income seniors?
Could you tell me the first steps are doing this and are there lawyers for low income that could help me fill out the paperwork
sorry i thought you left. i think my income is over the limit. is there anyone else that can help me?
lol, I am low income after I pay support!!!
Is the combined income on a  joint tax return considered 1 parents income?
So it’s okay for me to use these forms even if not low income?
If she’s married do both of their incomes count in the support calculation
Aprox 30,000 total, only income is SSA
which isn’t my main source of income so getting help is hard.
I have a low  income family and would like to know if there is any organizations I could go to
I think I'm over the income limit for your organization.
I am low income and I need a probate lawyer
How and who do I notify of this change in my income as it is greater than 15%?
Thank you do you know if being low income will affect my chances?
From what I understand SS retirement income is exempt from collection, but it was
I don’t want the dad to know where am getting my income from
I am a low income person. I need advise from an attorney
unfortunately I do not qualify for low income assistance
I am low income I am not working right now and I only get $128 a week unemployment
I need help with an Adult adoption in manhattan for someone who is low income
Yes, my grandmother is low income so we would like to find a lower cost or pro bono organization
i am low income. i represented myself when we divorced and did all the paperwork too
No need for the information of organizations geared towards low income individuals
i am on limited income so I need if possible Pro-bono
If they have income guidelines and you are over them can you pay on a sliding scale
Yes that's where low income comes it's tough when you can't afford resources.
Yes , my income it’s under $23000 at year
i am not low income or rent stablized.  market rate building managed by a coop
Does filing their own income tax return count as being self supportive?
I need to speak to lawyer but I am low income
Unemployment, question 1...can 1099G be used as proof of addition income for a quarter?
i need to find attorny to help with my home buying process for low income families that im having issues with
Thank you, I would like to know how to obtain transcripts of a court trail if your a low income person, from NYC?
i am unemployed at this time and i have an order 0 income
I found your crganiztion br reading an April poost about low income assets. could you direct me tothis
So I should go to the website to start in-take. Is there a certain income to get free help?
now I believe he has income and I wanted him to pay me more, he refused
she claims we no longer live in low income housing which is news to me
Ok yea that one looks like we dont qualify based on income
It's not disability,   just low income due to pandemic
I’m low income I’m sure I will need legal aid assistance
Okay thanks and one more question if i would like to help attorney on low income based how can i get it??
I just filled out the court documents for an income modification on your help website.
I have low income but was looking for legal advice and/or a lawyer for visitations of my childrren
this is per our divorce settlement, which he reported no income at the time
I saw Hank Greenberg talking about the possibility of PRP BPNO for a low income landlord. Do you know about this ?
Ok so I need help with the eviction I am dealing with my landlords new we were a low income family when we moved in
I have no income no way to buy food & the one Income I had a stimulus check  they took as well
thanks.  as to income, it is just my income or it includes my wife income as well?
will it be only from his income not household income? since he is now married
I have another order for my 3rd child, will they add that income into my income?
i am low income and I need help in court
Not a problem, I was just waiting for her to give me some attorneys in my area that offer free services for low income clients.
I am looking for help with legal advice. I want to get divorced and there’s a child involved. I have low income.
I am trying to find a form to stop an income execution of my wages by an ex landlord
Good morning,  i am trying to locate attorneys for  low  income families
i`m a resident of brooklun, income is under poverty level for 2
I Need Probono / free / He is a senior and is on a fix income
I thought your agency was suposed to help low income and you are sending me to  a place that charges money
you mean annual income from the year 2019?
i dont think i qualify as low income no
in 2021 will it automatically go to 17% of gross income?
due to covid19 i dont recieve  the same income my obligated amount is way to high  i can not support my self with my income
