I need paper's to release child from foster care to me.
Thank you so much for your help Meghan! I'll give some of them a call. Have a nice day and take care
they did but i havent heard anything from them that i sent them papers that im trying to take care of it
Ok so I went to a child support hearing this afternoon to let the courts know I have another child I take care of
Please take care of yourself and have a good evening.
What about if the mother is single and doesn’t have someone else to choose to take care of the child ?
Okay thank you so much you take care of also
No thank you please take care and be safe
Also would that take care of any arrears owed
Thank you for your help today Emily, take care
Your very much welcome. Have a great day. Take care!
He's been telling me is going to take care of it for almost a year now.
from what I understood, normally they take care of both custody and visitations on the same hearing
Shes calling my family harassing them telling them I'm not taking care of child
Thank you so much Care! Have a glorious day/evening.
ok thank you so much take care best regards
So private housing is not covered under the cares act?
Perfect thanks. That will be all for today. Take care
I   can't afford to take  care of myself and them.its not  right
I would like to call my baby's father at the court cause he refuse to take care of the baby
Due to the virus my job is not open ; I also have childern I take care of as well
Hi I will like to do a voluntarily foster care placement for my daughter
So basically bring it to the landlords attention and hope he takes care of it
My friend lived with her Dad for many years in his apartment taking care of him.
then the foster care agency said I could come back
RIGHT KNOW I MOVED TO MASS  CAN I TAKE CARE OF THIS SUPPORT DOWN HERE?
Oh okay so they're only taking care of emergency  k
I have an issue with my child's day care director beacuse she wouldn't refund money for March when corona started and all day cares closed
the whole point of me working overnights was so that I can take care of my things in the morning
Yes cut it off I don’t need to be told how much money i need to take care my daughter
It's not a payment  he is the one who takes care of my finances
The amount is off by 2 dollars and could care less
He also said he has a lawyer taking care of the  divorce but I do not know how truth that is
N seems like he is too busy or care  to look
I am a Medicade managed care patient unable to find a provider for the continuation of care
I am pregnant with his second child due in july and have no support to take care of 2 kids under the age of 2
A child care add on has been designated for "childcare"
Kind of I guess because the paper says they was to be returned to the custody and care of the mom only which is me
so I want to  file a modification so I can be credited all I paid in child care
willdo :-). Ahh groovy, thanks .   Take care
No,I'm wondering if I need "legal" authorization to care for her infant. The mother is okay with us taking care of her baby.
Im trying to find a power of attorney for myself to take over my handicapped sons care
thank you - thank you so much and I hope that you and your loved ones stay well and take very good care.
No, thank you again. I will check everything right now. Take care
One son is in foster care the other with his dad
I need this document so I can take care some personal business
My foster care agency isn’t helping me get out of care but rather trying to push me out of care
And I'm here now doing her taxes etc and caring for will etc
my husband didnt care about the kids last two years we were separated. He only started caring when i filed for divorce
Sure thing. I’ll take care of survey for you. Thanks again.
Take care of yourself. Stay safe and many blessings for you and your family :)
and also he seed he dont care about the orden
I like to give my kid to foster care
No, this was my main concern. You helped me out a ton. Thank you and take care.
I had to let him go because I wasn’t receiving  money to take care of my child
Ok, thank you for your help, take care
Now I've contact ACS because I was told from someone close to her she does not take care of him.
ok thank you very much ill read it and follow now.   Thx and take care
All this is going to lead to violence and death which nobody cares
can i sue the landlord for the negligence for not taking care of the vacant property. i lost money
sure! Thank you so much! Take care!
n he can't take care of her drung addiction
Not a problem thank you so much and take care
her family asked me to take care of talking with landlord  because she had no will or estate no assets
Can someone file a petition of child support order if the acting custodial parent can't take care of child
a couple died en route to intensive care
Can a health care proxy withhold the location of a parent from the immediate family?
It’s a health care issue with rehab nursing home formerly Jewish Life care
My landlord is refusing to take care of a bed bug infestation
hospital is not providing care and does not allow me to transfer to another hospital
Thank you, you’ve been not only helpful but also kind and emphatic. Take care
We take care of his personal needs, visit, school meetings, behavior plans, etc.
No thank you, I have someone taking care of the divorce part.
after taking care of people loveliness this what its come don toosucks
I am a single mom trying to take care of my daughter by myself
No , when he death after I was 4 days fever and my son take me to urgent care and emergency hospital
I can't afford to take care of my child on my own while on maternity leave
grandson parents are not capable of taking care of the child
Oops wrong violation. Anyway. Take care
The dealership said it's not covered under any warranty because the previous owners did take care of the car properly
well I want to take him to court so he can start seeing and taking care her daughter
thanks again.  take care. stay safew
I have been taking care of my disabled sister for years how can I get legal guardian ship
I took off from work to take care of my mother and she has passed
Thank you very much..thank you  i apologize i have to take care of work  here..thank you again
Yes I need help with modification paper for custody of my child in Forster care
on the form what do i put when i want someone to take care of my finances and everything for me
I tried explaining that we both have equal rights to him but she says that he is under her care
because my ex-wife has another husband and he is willing to take care of the child complestely
And to take care of everything g for her in the time that she can’t
so I have like 2 months to take care of this, if there is anything I can do
yes am paying health care and he already had heatlth care so i would like to ask the court to cancel that
no that was more than enough, thank you again you’ve truly been a blessing, take care
I take care of adults with developmental disabilities and I am a mandated reporter
How Would I Prove That My Parent Still Takes Care Of Me
No, thank you for your time. Hopefully this can help me take care of this
have a great day Annie, take care
Hello I need help welfare has been taking my money for about 1year my children was in foster care and the father went and
Her child was touched inappropriately while in foster care and was wondering if you can provide resources
shall do, take care Ashley 🙂
They have threatened to stop my current level of care
I never would have filed a claim because my sons father takes care of him
Ok and no that’s all you help me enough and I appreciate it and you take care have a good day
She don't care about our health or corona virus
I guess i should take care of this probation issue first
I'm out on disability since August and I'm not receiving enough money to take care of my child support
Appreciated! I'll look the info over. Take care and Thank You!
My mom has been helping my sis take care of my niece
You have any attorneys that take on legal actions because I want to take them to court
I take care if my elderly mom who is sickly and she and I both can't go through with this stress at home.
i been taking care of  my child giving money directly to mother
I am having a separation with the mother of my two kids and i feel like she is not going to take care of them
I think you have given me some great sources, thank you. Take care!
We have the health care proxy. We need the guardianship because the party is unable to make decisions
I don’t care about those but I do care my daughter’s safety
I never missed a payment but it seems that no one cares...
I believe it’s the most genuine help I've received in months, so I think it'll be helpful! Thank you and take care!
