i fill out petition for support modification how can send them to you can i can sed them for email ?
can you send me information about where I’d find the records?
(if possible, try to send the link from LawHelp
One group said send it to NYFCApplications@nycourts.gov but another said send through EDDS but I can't find an email.   Thank you
I have court papers that I would like too send too the courts but it's giving me the run around
Can you send a link for a paternity petition to my email biznahee420@gmail.com
Yes, click the arrow next to send and you can change the setting there
Cant open the 2nd one can you send again please
Her email, she asked me to send her some documents and she gave me her business card but it was blank.
(This is a general referral. Please send two referrals from the "Find a Lawyer" tab as discussed in Session 1 training)
Also how to I open a child support case and where do I send the form?
will they send me a paper in mail to fill out to send back or no
How do i get my custody papers. Was done in January  and was to be send
I'm not sure if you can. I spoke to the office this morning and they gave me the email to send my petition.
Hi, I am trying to send my Custody Petition to family Court. I want to know what is the email?
They send me the link to the form earlier and I forgot to save
hi,im trying to send a petition to the family court, ro change my pick up and drop off loction...
You can’t just send me the link for I could open it and print it right away
The clerks told me to send the letters, and that they would send it to me. I even spoke to the records department
and yet they keep sending me Stuff to have me pay
i call costumer service and she explain to me that i have to send a email in modification
(Alejandra - please don't only send canned responses)
and is giving me the options of email  the form, where do i send it.
He was about to send me the email for inquiries for the Queens FamilyCourt NY
Hi! I was told to send an email to nyscsupport@nycourts.gov to state a violation for child support but it has blocked my email from sending.
online I can send to the court or I have to print to send?
i need help wit the ny child support email to send my petition
(Nope- please read through and send me some link you think are helpful)
Can i send a cerfited letter giving him a dead line 31 days to retrieve his belongs?
the IRS tried sending it via online. He cancelled the account and had them forward a paper copy to where he is currently staying
could you please send me someone who can help me too?
And you solutionated this case or expedient. Thanks you. Send me the email to juanfransh@msn.com;
IT would helpful if you send more infor about our rights for providing interperting for doctor appointemnt.
What the email so I could send it back to you guys
ok. i'm having trouble sending olivia the documents via the text box.
And send me the lawyer that solutionated my case and my defense to my to company freelotto-plasmanet-iwinnersadvantage
Can I get the modification petition to fill it out and send it to you guys
Can you send a copy of this converstion to my email so I dont loose the information when this conversation ends ?
I need to know where I can send a letter to the court
Thanks . I have not send my appeal in as yet. Should i wait on an Attorney advice before sending it?
Do you know the website for the Queens court ? I need to send a restraining order
I have texted, called, emailed and will be sending a letter via mail
and I need the email to the Bronx family court to send it
so now I need the email to the Bronx family court to send it PDF
Is there any way you could send me a link to the form i need?
I have no printer unless you can send me the form or if I could do that on line
CA. Will not send me the documents.  I have to download them  off my e_mail
(Hint: Send me two legal referrals under Find a Lawyer - do you remember how to do this from the first training?)
That would be great because the bottom of the letter is asking me to send info back to the lawyers email or the landlord
Ohh, I see, sending the long link is fine. We don't have the setting to send hyperlinks
I was wondering if you could please send me the link to file for a violation of a custody agreement??
I took screenshots.  Thank you I will send a copt to my email as well.
You did a great job! For the referrals, you could send the legal referrals from lawhelpny
I received the form UIFSA-12 form yesterday. Where do I send it?
Where do I send a petition for child support in Buffalo NY?
Can I get help with someone sending him a letter from the legal dept notifying him that what he is doing is illegal?
I just got done filling out a petition i was wondering can i send it to the courts throught this website?
(remember to send the link to LHNY as well. See Task 1 as an example: (Legal Referrals - always try your best to send two)
Could you send me information on breach of settlement agreement
I think if you send me the link to file I could do it .
(Try not to send the general referral page. Type out the referrals. See this example from Task 1:
They send me papers in the mail to go to court I was never notified about the case at all
I’m filing paper work for custody what email do I send it to
i just need to know if there is an address or fax number I can send the documents to
thats what i needed to know cause they told me what i needed to do but not where to send it
Hello, I just spoke with someone who’s said he could send me resources for help with my landlord in queens
I have a layer but he send me this web to apply for child support
You could send me a million dollars to solve all my problems, lol.
where do I send my child support checks to? My case is in new rochelle
(it will allow you to send multiple lines of text at once.)
he did say I can go to trail but he did ask me to send her attorney everything
Ok and once filed do they send the order to her by mail?
Always try two send two referrals as well
(Always send the closing canned response)
I can also send you the agreement letter, it is one page only
i dont have my papers with me to send an attachment of a copy
I have docusign app do u have that so I could send it on there
When sending legal referrals, it is good to go on this page
I love the fact that you explained everything you were sending!
The father is in another country (Mauritania) and I want to send him a packet ya know? Lol
I said I'd send over the form for guardianship or custody - I just can't figure out which is better to send
but I need the Court send a Document to the father of my daugther
That is awesome thank you is it possible to send this by email
Can you send me any information how I could get done modification petition in the courts
Okay if I disappear my lunch break is over can you please just send me the information
But I know his ex partner wont have a stomach when it comes to send him to court for not paying
And where exactly do I have to send it? Is there an email or website I have to send it to?
So I have to just send an email to the supervising judge for request?
my lawyer asked me to send her the pictures i was injured.would you please help me on that?
the landlord hasn’t send me to court yet
and do u know how long it might take queens to send me my current custody order
(remember, I said not to send that entire list)
Perfect! Thank you! will send them an email.  Have a nice day.
don’t know how to send link... am on lawhelpny.gov
Yes, exactly, it sends me back to this page
he emailed today stating he will only be sending just over $800
The link isn't working. Can you send me the contact information please.
when serving a non-resident parent a child support petition, am I permitted to send the documents via certified mail to their out of state residence?
(Remember to send the contact information and the link to LHNY as well - see example from above)
Thank you I found it. II still use the same Edds or am I sending this form somewhere else
Can you please send me the link to the child custody form?
Also, is it possible to send in a notorized witness statement to the court so I can be anonymous?
it opened. it is sending me to NYCOURTS.gov.  when I click that I get the 404 message again
or I just have to send him a certified copy via mail
If not let’s just start again , please send the link
no, I said to pick a few and send the individual links.
I also think it is odd that they would wait until 2021 to send me a letter.. I was on SSD at the time
Okay - please read through what I'm sending you it's lengthy but it will help you get the gist of what I need.
I just did not want to send it to the family court did not know if there was a specific address for it
It would be, but I hate to send you off on a wild goosechase :(
Can you please send me the link for a petition for custody?
Yes its really hard when you send an email and get no response fromt he family court.
I understand. My break is over in 5 min , will you send me the link regardless?
I need help downloading custody papers can I send them electronically after I fill them out??
Oh ok, I will print it out and send it to them. I can't take the chance of the courts not getting i.
Where can I check where is my case and where I can send a restraining order for my daughter via email ?
Hello I am trying to send off the forms from the do it yourself website
How to send the information and what information it is that I need to send
That's great. You can change the "enter" setting by clicking the little arrow next to send
could you please send met he link
I send in a form already and no asmwer bacn
(As a tip, if you click the arrow next to the send button, it helps with line breaks when pressing enter.)
Send it to my self coping and paste to my email
I file everything but I could not send the pdf file
I need to know where to send over petition papers I filled out
Can I send my withdraw petition in a letter to the court
Thanks much.  Is it ok if I send her an email with this information?  Or do I need to reconnect through the site?
its your settings, you can change by pressing the down arrow by the send button
Yes, Thank you, now I am going to send the the transcript to my email.
i just wanted to know if you had the email that i can send my  custody  form to for orange county family court
I'll send you a brief write up of situation
that was for Erie co. Can you send me the link for Oswego county?
We are frantic because my daughter was told this am not to send out emails birth announcements yet. Thanks.
She is already send me the papers.but i can't understand them. So this why i want lawyer thank you soooooo much
Thanks, but the link isn't working. Can you send me the contact information please
THANKS, CAN U PLEASE SEND IT TO MY EMAIL
(can you send the referrals in Spanish? - I realize the other page was only available in English)
and choose two legal referrals to send
No thank I was going to send a letter to the clerk I thought you had the forms to sto
sorry for ... i have another question... here in Canada ....my documents are in french...then I need to translate them to send ?
plus i am unsure what preparations i have to have if and when i send this petition form?
It's not letting me. It's keep sending me to the forms of someone that already has a petition in place
Also, can you please provide me with the address where I should send this form?
I need their email adress so I could send them document through Law Help interactive
i want to know how i list her criditors and weather i need to send each creditor an A-9 form
Okay I send an e-mail to the VirtualOrangeFamilyCourt requesting a form for change of venue?
Hey I’m trynna send my poa forms
I downloaded the divorced form so I need to know if I send my brother in law a letter letting him represent me
I can’t find the form to send in for modification
i was told that I need to send my appeal to the nys division of human rights,  the general council
We try to send at least two referrals like this^
Know I mean to child support I don’t need to send them a letter of need to terminate as of the birthdate
I just trying to figure out how to send off the  paper  for a petition
they said sign it and send another person has to send it to my employer and prudential
because you send me the forms but I can’t choose to filled it out or check marks anyone of the options
(but for a referral, send someone from Find a Lawyer link please)
however, they are fully operational online, they send their promotional emails everyday
That looks like it may work but do you mind also sending some other names as well just in case?
Can you send me the right form please I’m not trying to make a mistake
awesome. You provided the all information I was looking for. I really appreciate. Can you send me this conversation to my email ?
are they supposed to send me copy of the judgement with this paper?
Click the arrow next to the send button and you can change the setting there. Are you able to change it?
Do your office have a farm they can send to me so I can file please do not send me a link
I am waiting that Send me the lawyer about this case. OK?
ok i will try to call them then send them a letter
they cancelled my visa and send me back to my country
You have to change the setting - there is an arrow pointing down next to send. You can change it there.
im trying to avoid sending him to court
I was told to send the petition form on here and I can’t find where to send it
Hi David you didn’t send me the numbers
Hi Jacquelyn, can I use this service to send a petition for change the child support
Ok trying to proactive some have said I should send a letter to the child support unit
Can you please send me the link for the custody for via email at  franno32@yahoo.com
No thats all. I just wanted to send a email to the office so they can help with my case for child support.
I try to send a petition for modification of visitation and the system send me to sign in.  And i dont understand
(Since most legal service providers are remote at the moment, you can send the phone, website and email)
As a tip, if you click the arrow next to the send button, it helps with line breaks when pressing enter.
Yes, it is appropriate to confirm before you send referrals
if you can send transcript via email that would be great:
helo i am looking to send in my custody online
If you can send me more than 1 referral so I can shop around that would be great
(Send me two legal referrals under Find a Lawyer - do you remember how to do this from the first training?)
No but there was a box it said send transcript I entered my email and hit send
Hello rose. You were going to send me some resources. Thank you.
I have been scammed by two macbook Airs through PayPal by sending me a fake email
Can you help me with where should I check where is my court case and where to send the restraining order website?
How I can I do a mostly find form 4-11 to do it online and send it
I have to go to work now can you please send me the information via email?
Is this possible to help me send this link 2 my email
Wonderful... thank you for all the info.  Is there any way I could send this to my email??
Nothing is working can you just send me the form so I can download it
I have been writing everything up for three years and sending it to gethelp@pubadvocate.nyc and ombudsman@dhs.nyc and cenglish at cfth
I already send a letter to nych lawyers over 20 days ago. Have not recieved even a call
He refuses to share with me the documents he filed with the Family court and only sends me drafts, rather than the documents actually filed.
Is there away I can fill it out online and send through  their email?
I would love to send my lawyer my evidences asap
Ok it’s set to send a transcript
ok I did that so I do have to wait till they  send me the account review in the mail
I will  check the other links you send me for  legal representation
Please send some good lawyers contact
How do I send my petition for child suppoer modification to the court
no is perfect can u send it as text message on my phone? if not I ll copy here
