what are the laws in NY and Albany regarding her to be able to get out of her lease due to fear and domestic violence.
Hello! I'm curious about being terminated from my employer for being unreliable due to domestic violence in my home
due to domestic violence, my husband already plead guilty of harassment. Therefore, the 2 years order of protection in Criminal court was issued
I was a victim of domestic violence I need to speak with an attorney re divorce
I would like to report about a domestic violence which been carried for decades that's happening to me. More of emotional abuse but rarely physically.
Victim of disability and family violence blocked from all donestic violence resources as abuser is dad not spouse
The have more incidents including hands on domestic violence situation between us he went to jail this happen awhile back
No it seeks domestic violence and bodily harm
i need free legal representation in family court for a case of domestic violence and an order of protection
I separated from my husband on Julyfor domestic violence
Trying to assist domestic violence victim in applying for an order of protection. What email address is the OOP forwarded to?
i has lost connection to someone they were going to look into filing for divorce with past cases of domestic violence
okay, help for domestic violence cases
About domestic violence can I file a report against him, even thou it’s been over a year?
I don't really know how. Can you please help me? I just need a domestic violence attorney.
Domestic violence is a persons in prison for seven years Janet from Washington Avenue knows my case
and a failure to follow domestic violence protocols based on my gender
I dont have job to buy baby supplies and i am having financial issues and i am a victim of domestic violence
Where can I go to get domestic violence help in getting an interstate protective order
I am looking free legal assistance for a victim of domestic violence
I'm a survivor of both domestic violence and identity theft and he was mean on the phone. Now I'm scared.
can my landlord try to throw my husband out due to the pass of domestic violence
I am seeking help for one of my family member who is currently in newyork and has been subject of Domestic Violence.
Hello, I’m trying to find a free or low cost lawyer for a family law domestic violence court case coming up on 12/10.
do they also help with getting a divorce because of domestic violence or is that separate
HOW DO THEY DECIDE IT IS DOMESTIC DISPUTE just by one side
Hi Hana! I am trying to find more information on getting a divorce for a domestic violence relationship
im a domestic violence survivor, I have been separated for 2 years now , and I need help with my divorce
No children or domestic violence. Just want him out of my house and life.
I am a victim on domestic violence and have a cold with the individual
Okay thank you and a domestic violence report would not change this?
Hi Ashley do you know where I can get a transfer because I'm a domestic violence victim
Actually, to be safe, this is for someone else. And thank you. Yes, domestic violence.
I have a domestic violence lawyer who is useless no offense I don't even know how to contact her. I have an advocate
I am homeless due to severe domestic violence and I really need help
by the way, this is a domestic violence case, we are out though
my husband too. But we are separated. I'm a domestic violence victim (july last year)
There were also issues involving domestic violence
Marriage I don’t feel like using my married name anymore because of domestic violence and child abandonment
Hi I need a lawyer to sue I already reach out in domestic violence and no one has help me
I also need a free lawyer that I can communicate on the topic. It stems from domestic violence.
my abuser lives in both homes. My son and I are residing in a domestic violence shelter and I need to know my rights
I need legal assistance. I was in involve in a domestic violence dispute. I was not the violent party.
I'm a certified domestic violence victim,  I court mandate the abusers but me a ?
want to file child support petition for as a domestic violence survivor
Yes my sister need a free attorney who can help her  fill out formI751 because my sistet was a victim of domestic violence
If spouse have domestic violence problems how does it work for their visitation rights and supervised visits
I am trying to see if I can receive a free divorce under domestic violance?
He kicked me out the house. Domestic violence problems, he doesn't want to divorce me, he wants to cotrol me.
i have had domestic violence in my past, I will like to know if I can file for divorce?
Welcome. I’m trying to obtain a domestic violence copy from a different state how can I do that.
I also have a domestic violence case as of a few days ago with the father of the child how does that apply
I'm also a victim of domestic violence
I need more information on how to help my mother getting an emergency transfer due to domestic violence
If the opposing side don’t want a divorce how are the chances to have the divorce if I have domestics violence papers
the contact information you gave me, I called, and they told me they specialize in domestic violence mainly
Safe horizon is for women for domestic violence
I want to know how I can remove the conditions of my residence because of domestic violence?
i need legal information regarding domestic violence
I think I'm in a emotional and mental domestic violence situation with him
I am a victim of domestic violence and my abuser file a harassment 2nd on me what should I do
yes its domestic violence order of protection
Need a lawyer for Early termination due to domestic violence
I have a cps case open on my dad for domestic violence
What are the “proper steps” for breaking a lease agreement for a Domestic Violence victim with an OP in place? (Right #6)
i spoke with the domestic violence yesyerday she said she was giing to reach out with lawny also and see wat theycould do to
Thank you so much, but My Sister’s Place is also only for victims of domestic violence
How can I find a legal help for a Early termination agreement due to a domestic violence situation
ok cause I also have domestic violence as well
No information on them we had a domestic violence in 2017 acs removed him from home with order of protection .
no not a family court order. Domestic violence
I’m a domestic violence survivor, I am separated for 2 years now and I need help for divorce
yes please I specifically need an organization that has experience with domestic violence though thanks
I was in a domestic violence marriage since 5/7/2017 I have no idea where my spouse is and I have 4 children's
I wanted to find out how I can get a divorce do to domestic violence
it was a domestic violence situation that went to family court
hello. I am a victim  of domestic violence.  the father isn't on the birth certificate
New York State lacks laws in enforcement of spousal maintenance , especially the involvement of domestic violence; VAWA.
My children and I recently had an order of protection against my husband for domestic violence and I’m looking into filing for divorce
Hi, Emily. The national domestic violence provided me the website.
If it's a domestic violence what does it that mean if they dont press charges
