If I tell you the scenario can you assist me with the proper form
Can you tell me what I would need to do to get a judgement of parentage?
that’s when she decided to put them on daycare and telling me I have to pay for it
Can you tell me what kind of lawyer I need to contact?
ok what else would you like me to tell you
u need more trainin i cant tell u you job
So I am looking  to contact someone who can tell me how to get this resolved
I just want the court to tell him what to do so I can avoid uncomfortable conversations.
i did that also got no wheres but a lady telling me that i qualify for services
as u can tell I’m ADD & Anxiety and literally shacking and panicking for 3 months
Okay that sounds like a great idea! What do I tell my attorney in the meantime?
Hello can you please tell me what form do I use in increasing in child support
Ok. Can you tell me if I can have the lawyer removed that established the case?
The collection agency called me continuously telling me I needed to pay the bill or it would go to court.
I have an ex-friend who has contacted me to tell me I owe her $500.00 and is trying to sue me
Could you tell me if court is required to become emancipated as a minor
I jist tell you already read upside
How do I know if the other parent was receiving welfare? If they wont tell me
I keep asking to be transferred and they Mrs. Thomas director of the VOA CSS program tells me no
Can you tell me about voluntary surrendering custody rights?
Thank you and does that tell me how to file and everything if that nature?
Yes but he won't tell me where they live all I know is the bronx
So if I am in Erie County and have a housing eviction problem, what do you tell me?
and he keeps emailing me telling me to give him my son
YES ,  you are supposed to tell me what I can do for legal help.
The law changed in June. they just tell me to get a lawyer.
i tell him he can't have her if he is going to be hostile and aggressive/
instead of sending new password a pop up window tells me to sign in
I would like to know what do i do if insurance companies are telling me they do not provide coverage for hiv care
Can you tell me what form I file.  I don't see it in the articles
Can you tell me if family court is scheduling child support hearings?
So like if I were to tell someone about this information and if they profit from it,
She’s telling everyone false statement about me
Could you tell me where I could possibly get these forms and do I need to physically go to the court O
Can you tell me when the cases for child support will be available?
he can tell anyone he lives with dad mostly
Hello I was wondering if you could tell me, in order to place a petition into the court. Does the father have to be notified?
She set me up and told me to get lost 2 days after telling me she was pregnant
he tell me he will get me a new oven but he will raise my rent
that's it. Thank you! You don't have a crystal ball that tells you when the courts in NYC will be operational?
Could you tell in family court if expert witness is needed to testify who pay?
hello.  can u tell me when the courts will reopen?
So you can't tell me if i should ask for an extension while seeking a lawyer
They keep telling me that someone is coming out and no one does not come out
She called me yesterday telling me I'll never see my son again .
I just would like you to tell me what link to press to access that list.
The park asked to do a background check on him and is now telling me he is denied to live with me.
can you tell me if there is a website to view Richmond county foreclosure actions?
Oh ok, so you cant tell me if there are DIY forms available on the website to do this?
I will go to the Hauppauge office and see what they tell me
i just need to contact someone an tell them to cancel the order.
Could you tell me how old I have to be to decide I want to live on my own?
Her boss told me I had to tell him what the emergency was.  Can they ask or is she obligated to tell
I tried to use that, but when I answer that I live in NJ it tells me I cannot use that system
When I do he tells me how he misses me and wants to see me always
Can you tell me where I can find a form online for a child support petition in Oswego County?
how to get the free help? can you please tell me that?
Can you read my above message and tell me what state we apply for reasonable viditation on?
so I just tell them my issue as I stated to you? Do I have to provide  any specific information when emailing?
They won't help either they tell me to go online , I can't win
He’s in prison how would you like for me to tell him
Erica also can you tell me what I can use these loans for
I received an email with my account number and pin. now its telling me to do the online petition.
Can you tell me whether this will affect my credit though? Or have legal repercussions?
He repeatedly said that he would never tell our boss about our conversation
Can you tell me how to find a pro-bono divorce lawyer in the NYC area?  Thank you
yes and they don’t know what to tell me. They said I would have to go thru a attorney and the courts
Thank you. So do i just contact these groups and tell them my story and see if they can help?
I have looked at these but I cant tell if they could use PFL
And I have been calling IRS but they have no live help and keep telling me to check website
I did use pdf but kept tell me the file I choose is not valid pdf file.
so can you tell me what is thi sform? I was filling this one out
Yes to transcript ... Please tell Charles I am sorry that we keep getting cut off
Can you tell me how can I petition the court to disagree with order from 2014
maybe you can tell me where i would look for that information
she lies to her and tells her I don’t want to see her
can you please tell me were i can make a moderefication for child support
Ok, so you cannot tell me whether a family court clerks office will accept a petition?
I have the link but there are several different forms there, can you tell the exact names of the forms
can you just tell me if I have a legal right to get monies from him ?
Hi, can you tell me where I can find a relocation petition form?
I guess if my mom needed assistance besides this I could tell her to call Legal Services  NYC
can you tell me how I can get someone serviced in your state
Awesome! Ur opinion should I tell landlord on my behalf? Or not?
Just visitation ... She will not let me see him. Despite many court orders telling her to.
can you tell me if i can repport her if yes will it be civi8l spourt or housing court? i have all sorts of proofs
Could you tell me where I need to go to see if
you seriously just wasted five minutes to tell me that bullshit
Please tell me  if nyc Office of Collective Barganing can help to get a free attoney if
thanks! and can she file for divorce at the same time? another organization is telling her she cannot
But it would be nice from you if there is anything that you could tell m that I might not know
Please tell me how I can use this service to get legal information
if I give you an address can you tell me the attorney associated with the house and will?
Sorry, last question, Could you please tell me what docs should I bring to file in the courts?
Please tell me something that there is hope.I'm living with enemies above my head and afraid for my safety.
can I tell my case number or other information to help you figure out her name?
my spouse disappeared shortly after we were married after telling me she was pregnant by another
Plus I'm not telling the lady's name. I just want them to tow it from where its at
My ex-wife is will to forgive back child support. Can you please tell me the process to get it done?
5 years later. After paying $18,500 to the bank, they tell me I still have a $12,000 balance
Thanks Oliver. Can you tell me where to send it once i am finished filling it out
Can u tell me who i would contact hete
she said doesn’t make the decisions and that I would hear from them she fist tell me when
Could you tell me more about road traffic laws in nyc please ma’am
They keep telling me there's no lawyer can help me.in court
i will file my unemployment and when this is over and he tells me i cant go back ...what do i do?
none of these tells me how to obtain a court order
Can a social worker tell the other parent if you are going to go back to court
Other than the GF 17, can you tell me if there is another form I should be looking for?
i will have to tell you because I’m unsure on what kinda lawyer I’m needing
Would you mind taking a look before I tell her it's god to go?
I have legal aid the tell me i cant and only tell me because social services says it it true
I am sorry that my story is long but could you tell what legal rights I have in this situation?
I tried calling with no answer and no recording tell the information I need to know
okay, can you please tell me where i can find this answer?
Yes, can you tell me where to get copies of a court transcript while the Covid is occurring?
Need to file paternity in family court please tell me how on line
Yes. Could you please tell me if Oneida county has mediation services?
believe me or not I’m happy to tell my story I been through hell with this guy
what kind of information do you need? do I tell you my problem
They won't tell me anything or answer my calls
Yes like to tell del I can’t afford it that I don’t have the money
I was told that a landlord could not raise rent unless he or she has made repairs/improvements, can you tell me if this is true?
I am looking for an attorney to tell me if my Rent To Own housing agreement is legal
can she contact her husband's daughter (from her husband's previous marriage) and have her tell her father where her belonging
