I am behind my morgage, I own the property. Do I qualify for a one shot deal
I apply for one shot deal and I can't collect all the documents asked
i have a question i was approved for one shot deal on january of the year
i would like to know more about one shot deals
I wanted to see if I am able to get help for either one shot deals or COVID rent relief?
I need to apply  for either a one shot deal or bankrucey. I need to know which one is better for me
my friend got a one shot deal to cover back rent
She even applied for one term shot deal with all proving documents but was rejected with no explanation
I already did a one shot deal 2 months ago for rent arrears. I can’t get another one shot deal.
i want to kno we’re can I go to get a one shot deal to move into a place
I need help to apply one short deal
Hello, I would like to know how can a I get a one shot deal
Hi, i am in need of help to pay back rent of 4,000 and am not sure if i qualify for a one shot deal
Can a get one shot deal if I rent a room
One shot deal please. Can you help me ?
I am behind my rent and I need a one shot deal from the welfare
my friend told me he got a one shot deal
I can't pay back rent, and i heard that a one shot deal could help
i Trying to apply for One shot deal
I’m trying to find out how to apply for a one shot deal.
I what to get a one shot deal from them to help me with the shut off notice I have from Con Edison
Hello,?i live in Orange County, NY! I would like to apply for the one shot deal for my mortgage
Good afternoon my name is tiara I’m liking to fleet help with a few questions regarding a one shot deal
I read those can you get a one shot deal more than once but in someone else’s name
Can I apply for one shot deal program
Where's application for the one shot deal
It’s for a one shot deal for furniture?
What paperwork do I need to bring to social services for one shot deal
No but I did try homebase and they told me I can go online and apply for a one shot deal
and don’t know how to deal my child custody
How do u apply for one shot deal ?
i order back up rent and i need a one shot deal
Hi. How do I get a one shot deal?
Good evening I need a asstint in for the one shot deal
What do I need to apply for a one shot deal
I'll like to know how can I get a 1 shot deal to move with with and child
Hi i would like info on one shot deals
Yes , hi good evening, iam trying to apply for one shot deal for rent
and I was trying to find out about a one shot deal to help me out
Ohh I’m actually trying to find out a one shot deal to pay my rent due to none work
how can I apply for one shot deal, I'm getting evicted.
I have a home with a mortgage and I am behind on my payments.  Can I get a one shot deal
Need document of one shot deal
I would like to apply for a one shot deal please
How does one obtain confirmation that a one shot deal payment has gone through
HI, how do i get a one shot deal?
Hi my name is Melvin Wiggins and I am behind my rent how can I get a one shot deal
I want to know how I apply for one sort deal (house rent)?
Yes that is my goal. I meant one shot deal for rent I would like to see if that program is also available
Went for a one shot deal and they refused to help me
Hello I'm trying to apply for a one shot deal for my rent please
I am currently behind on rent. I have been asking for a one shot deal from welfare and I haven't recieved a response back
Hi, how do I get a one shot deal?
I would like to know how can I apply for one shot deal
I been trying to get a one shot deal
one shot deal to pay back rent
So do I have to go online for public assistance to get a one shot deal
hi, how do I get a one shot deal?
Who should call if I received a one shot deal and the room was deemed illegal
I wanted to know if I can get a one shot deal in my name if my mother did it already
Can I get a one shot deal if I leave in a room
I to know how to apply for a one shot deal
I’m looking for a one shot deal
Hello I wanted to know how to apply for the one shot deal and what documents I would need.
Where can I go go get a one shot deal?
My case worker initiated that I may not be receiving a one shot deal
I have my own house with a mortgage, can I get assistant like a one shot deal
What information is needed for a one shot deal?
my friend got a one shot deal
I need help with the one shot deal
Hello I would like to know how do I go about getting a One Shot Deal
I’m looking to inquire about the process of the One Shot Deal.
but how do i get a one shot deal? is one of these them?
What documents do I need for a one shot deal
Hi. I need to know what paperwork is needed to apply for a one shot deal.
I wanted to ask what are the paperwork that you need for a one shot deal for the deposit for an apartment
hello i need help finding out where to go for a one shot deal
I need help with a with a one shot deal i received 14 noticed
Hello, how can i go about a one shot deal
I would like to know if I qualify for a one shot deal
