Hi Don, judging by the disclaimer, you may not be able to help me determine if my small claims case would fall under malpractice
A counter claim for time and emotional stress
My father is trying to take me do small claims court for a $5,000 CD that was in my name that I cashed.
hi, yes i have to start a small claims (i think)
I think I have it already civil court, kings county small claims.
yes and a documents from the court house  that  can I make the claim at the bank
Can you get fired for going small claims court last minute
trying to phone find out what information I can subpoena. After winning a judgment in small claims court
Yes I would like to get more information about small claims court. Also is there any guidance on what normal wear and tear includes?
do you happen to have a phone number for Queens small claims court?
trying to get assistance with my unemployment claims
We would like to see if we have a fair chance at a small claims court
I received a notice from the Small Claims court
Can you help me find a health insurance claims denial lawyer?
They said we can file a claim with a brokerage firm??
FINALLY I FOUND OUT THERE IS A CLAIM UNDER MY NAME DONE IN 1982
4th claim handler Jashua Meed
I need to file a claims in a small claims court for money owed to me but dont know how to go about it
I want to file to sue a car dealership in small claims court
They are claiming they are a private company....but all utility companies are private
will small claims court work if the landlord is a lawyer
do you know the number of the attorney general to file a claim?
what is the point in gong to small claims court after the scammers
I read that you do not need a lawyer for small claims. Is that true?
do you have any information that will help me file a harrasment claim
i agreed go small claims court after schedule made at work can I get fired for it
I would like to take him to small claims court but dont know where to begin
hello I'm wondering how I can request a court appointed lawyer in kings county court for a small claims suit
the 50% is about $3800 but I am willing to forgo some of it to use small claim court
yes I need some help filling an appeal to the second department on a decision from the court of claims
If I’m trying to file a claim against my local sled division how would I go about doing so?
Or I should file small claim court or civil court what is the process and forms ?
Yes they have been in the back of my head.... I just didn't want to be told to just go through small claims.
Need to find FREE Legal Assistance in commencing a small claims civil case in Brooklyn.
Great idea! So Smalls Claims Court has jurisdiction on overpaid child support payments?
I was wondering if going to small claims court is the appropriate action to take for my situation, which is as follows:
Looking for statute of limitations for small claims court. Issue is robbery and breach of contract
I need help suing some one for massive claims
3rd claim handler Michael McCanzi
private attorney charge a lot. Don't you have a public attorney if I need to discuss suing in small claims court or civil court?
nothing with small claims between landlord-tenant disputes
I am not sure. All I was told was small claims. What are the options?
I need assistence on if my case is something I should take to small claims court and if there is anyone that can help
but they refuse claiming that they spent time on my case already
i won a case in  small claims court for $2500 for faulty work from a contractor. it’s past the appeal process.
No l live in a shelter and the claim is on behalf the DHS
It's just what is offered by lawhelp to save I putted information to create the small estate claim paperwork
the father is claiming the join custody,but he and his family are devils
hello, when I claimed for unemployment i put lack of work instead of quit what should I do
I have to file a claim in the Bronx or in New Jersey
Hos do I file for small claims court in nyc?
Hi.   I am filing forms for a small estate claim and am trying to find the EPT 1.1 form online.
BUT IN SMALL COURT THEY TOOK AN IMPOSTER POSING TO BE ME
My previous landlord has pressed a charged for rent arrears to Small Claims Court in Nassau County
Will unemployment deny my claim if I file one?
No it's a small estate but not for what they consider a small estate. This estate is just under 40,000
I'm looking to consult with an attorney regarding a case I had heard in small claims.
Hello its not offically a case yet but I have a subrogation claim against my over my old bosses negligence
Hi I was wondering if the small claims court in White Plains is open and allowing people to file a claim online
Hello Annie. I'm looking for information on Small Estates in NY and if Medicaid can potentially recover funds from the small estate.
You have endorsee me with the resouces i require to claim my custody certificate
Its a matter of greater than $ 35,000, so I am not usre it can be in small claims court?
Whenever I call I just get transferred to the line to file a new claim under PUA.
Hi do u help with unemployment claims
Would our local small claims be able to tell us if the matter can be argued?
They don't help with small claims court
Need help in a small claims court judgement
I have a lawyer who is bringing him to small claims for harassment.
Ok and how can I get thrue claim to take this document to the bank
I was told by the department of labor of ny state that i need to go to the small claims court
I’m in need of labor lawyers to help me with my unemployment claim?
How do I file for small claims court in NYC?
Yeah they keep telling me claim then i call 209 and it says i don't valid claim then i claim every Sun
she abandoned him and i even went to welfare fraud and they found my claim to be true
Thank you for this link.  Do I need a lawyer if I take him to small claims?
2nd claim handler Raven Green
i cant go to small claim court for that
Claim I owed nys workers comp for non insurance
Hello I will like to gel and advice about how. Can I get from the court a documen of claim
I am trying to see if i could get an update on my coild support claim
I have a counter claim with my landlord is a commercial business
Well, I having trouble finishing my unemployment claim by phone.
his debt exceeds small claims court amount so what is my recourse?
I have the brocure and have filled out the forms. Do you know if the small claims court is open?
I appreciate your help.  I will start the claim as you advised.
was talking regarding to the small claim case on dec 10th
Hi Jade, I'm trying to figure out if Queens small claims court is currently accepting new claims
I need form answer countrr claim
they are not under an llc. i do not claim the 20% pass through. they are under my name as passive income.
I'm look for an attorney to represent me in a small claims matter.
And to get a documents of claim in the state  court house
I was advised to file a claim in small claims court, but that only goes up to 5000
Well I do have questions about what I should do to collect my money and a small claims court case I won
To make a claim in the bank like her near family
the court of claims deny my claim  stating that I did not had an expert witness , and my claim was on a contamp
I was wondering if I can file a lis pendens for a claim filed in Surrogate Court?
Thank you for your help.  One question, is there a fee for filing a small claims?
I am looking to find out what steps I need to take to file a small claims case against the driver
I did mentioned the unemployment about the training days in my weekly claims
I have a city of Cohoes small claim court date of October 28 and would like to have assistance with it
1st claim handler Adam Moore
NYPD did not see any such claim and left seconds after
Could I get an injunction through small claims court
Hello, I need assistance on filing a claim against Mucha.
it's not a small claims matter either..it's civil
Hello. I need full legal representation for a small claims landlord-tenant case.
Is is possible that you can provide me with an attorney that deals with small claims?
I am looking to being my medical bill to small claims court because I was misdiagnosed
I want to subpoena the false claim my Agent did
could I file a quit claim deed
I have a question about a possible legal situation I have regarding a small claims issue with my bank
can you give me info on small claims court?
I'm looking for a lawyer for a small claim court relating to money.
hi.! My aughter's father changed her health insurance in Novembe. He claimed that he did it in court but i did not have any notification
Hello, I need legal representation for an unemployment claim that has been denied
i need help with an existing PUA claim
hi im interested in suing in small claims court
Just wanting to confirm,  small claim court cases are being rescheduled at this time?
wanted to know the strengths and weaknesses of our case before we talk to him or file a case with small claim court
so i need a lawyer to help me sue the bank to get the money back which is under 5000 so small claims i thought
i need information about how i go about claiming my deceased fathers 401k and retirment fund
Hi I got a mail another regarding a case on dec 10th at small claim court. I am looking for legal help.
I want to know about how to take somebody to small claims court
I need help with ssdi denial claim
I need full legal representation for small claims court with landlord-tenant dispute for the elderly
I am planning to open a small claims case, but I am unsure as to who I should list as the defendant
i need some help filing an unemployment claim
I filed a multi state claim on 03/31 and have not heard anything regarding my claim
can you tell me in small claims court whether the losing party can be liable for the winning party’s legal fees ?
