I have been in contact with him many many times during this crisis even while hospitalized with covid
My sons are adults but cohabitation concerns are obvious. I am confident that a solution is available for older adults (60 +). Contact VP at 202.705.2525.
I contacted the first # and they dont help with that I emailed the other group and need to wait for a response
No. I am addressing the wrong agency then. My mistake. I will contact HPD if I need them
Are you able to provide me with contact information for the ny attorney general?
I have contacted the office in canton and they could not help me
Would emailing this be more helpful to me or do I need to contact a lawyer?
What should i do put if do not have the mothers address and contact information on court forms?
husband and father has been absent and out of contact for 4 years
Who should I contact about a question a sex offense changed and parole
The ex won’t allow me any contact. I wrote all that at the beginning of this thread
Im looking for contact number for non profit legal services in cortland county.
great thanks. i do not have a cellphone and would prefer an email contact if possible
Okay...I will contact them to see what they suggest. Thanks Em☺️!
hasn't contacted child in 590 days
I don't at the moment I am in contact with the Unity House and they are going to assign me one next week
No he didn’t say.I have never been served or contacted in writing by anyone else.
We have not contacted nyseg about it. Do we or can we contact them even tho the nyseg is in the landlords name ?
There are questions like have you been in contact with covid-19 no questions of high risk exposure
Okay. I was i think pretty much told who to contact re: the yogurt, but not who to contact re: ( if any legal ) recourse
I contacted Tina C. Bennet, Esq. (Father's Rights Lawyer)
Ex: I have custody of my 2 cousins- their mom had another baby and the baby’s father refuses any contact between the siblings
Who can I contact if I am afraid returning my child after visitation may endanger her?
I thought that was what I was doing by contacting you but I guess Ill contact them
offices in rochester, ny for law help, just general contact to provide as a resource
Sorry lost contact w/ Annie
Thank you.  I would appreciate the contacts. But is it necessary to have a lawyer in these matters?
i contacted nyc courts they obviously dont want to say
That is where my referral contact came from with a request for $7,500. I have really done a diligent search, to no avail.
If you could, please provide me with the relevant court's contact information. Thank you
Ok it’s not a problem I will try to contact them again to see what it was about
Hello! I am contacting regarding a dishonesty in business.
That is all.  I will use the contacts provided.  Appreciate the help.
i am sorry we want assistance in filing the papers from  community center  can i contact someone to see when it will be open again
Do you have contact information for a lawyer who will be able to guide me in this topic?
I will contact them also. My doctor said I am losing too much weight. She goes through my stuff. I appreciate you. Thank you.
I just came from court trying to contact this paper they give me to call and the lines are buyse
I have already had contact with the first and they cannot assist me because I am a Vermont resident
How can I contact the prosecutors in Harvey Weinstein’s trial to check if the information I have can be of assistance to them?
so I contacted new mgr twice and received no communication from Aug 4 til sept 11th
thank you for taking the time to help me. I will contact a representative pertaining to the attorney
I don’t see a contact number can you provide it pls
I did contact authorities out there but I was told the authorities here would have to contact them
Welfare closed my foodstamps case and I asked for a fair hearing and went to the center and no one has contacted me
can u advise who i could possibly contact to see if he is in violation of any housing codes?
it has been a month of being looped along from contact to contact about this
yes but can u just give some lawyers that i can contact
Before you go, who can I contact to see what the court status of this is?
I would like a contact number please
Thank you Lucas! I will look up and contact the agencies to find out if they can help me.
We have contacted APS and JASA. No one is helping
I want to know how to I contact someone in the ADA office in the Bronx besides the general number
I call that phone number as well before I got in contact with this website as well as contact with you Lindsay
i reside in queens so I would have to contact a queens office yes?
Do you know if I can have my visitation order mailed to me ? Or should I contact them directly
I contacted my county clerk asking about the offices and they were not sure either
and was expected to keep in contact with my staff even in my time off
It is because I am confused and I have no idea what lawyer to contact that is dealing with her will or estate
He asked me to give you his name and number so someone can contact him
I have been trying to contact the Elmira office via phone, but cannot seem to get through
Monroe and I was granted supervised contact but the other parent refuses to let me see my child
contact for help center staff attorney
i can contact an attorney i just wasn not sure how both parties worked with paying the support
I have not heard back from anyone  who may I contact
Yes. Thank you for your help. Any problems I will contact you.
Okay great, I will contact LIFT when I get a chance
Ok, I will try contact that,thank you for help
If you know a agency or firm that deal with or familiar with Justice Center, please let me know who to contact to
My local Dept. of Social Services told me to contact a lawyer because they believe that my landlord cannot do that.
I am wondering how to get in contact with someone to discuss a possible case
and i am waiting for Human Resources Administration to contact me
Hi I would just like a contact number and address for monroe county
She has never cut off all contact before. I do not know if I could get her on a call.
he contacted a lawyer and they told him that the woman always win so there is no point
If possible yes, I would also like to know if it's worth contacting a police organization or if I should just contact a legal organization?
i will try to contact a housing attorney.  thanks for your help
I can try that... and thanks. would you have a lawyer I could contact also?
I already contacted consumer affairs building department bbb but no one was able to help
my lawyer has made no contact with me in over 4 months
i realize that i may have to pay for services but i had no clue who to contact
So the life help is about giving out contacts of paid attorneys, right?
so I was changing my number and I will inform the detective on the case incase they need to contact me
They are.  I checked before contacting you.  In fact, it is required.  I am just trying to ascertain what all is included in an estate.
Yes they were contacted in 2018 and then recently once this all called light
I would like the contact number for an attorney office that can help me evict a squatter
How can I contact the court clerk's office for the White Plains City Courts?
Who do we contact if we want to add our agency as a LawHelp resource
How can I contact child support I'm not working now
not at this time i'm contacting liftonlone, thank you
I try to contact my lawyer daniel bauso..
My mother is also deceased. I will contact LIFT. Thank you
Ok Yes I have been in contact and 311 has not been able get in touch also
is there a list of lawyers that I can contact in Ontario county?
I need the referral information so I can contact an attorney
well I’m having a housing legal situation where I need to contact a lawyer
ca n you advise who I cana contact that would know
Do you know if there is a hotline that I can call if I am unable to get in contact with one of these agencies?
Thank you for those resources and I will  contact them!  You've been very helpful
Nevermind this is taking a very long time to get a response I will just try to contact a local attorney
I have been trying to contact lawyers for 2 weeks and haven't got any response
Thanks. Contacted Pa. adoption hotline before contacting you and told contact NY. Thanks Don.
i am trying to get in contact with a lawyer regarding possible overpayment with my UI account.
SORRY BUT THE COURT HELP GIVE ME A CONTACT INFORMATION SAYING THE THESDAY AND THURSDAY FROM 4PM TO 70 PA
we tried to contact a lawyer but since it's the holiday season we can't really get in contact with them at this point
The initial went through EEOC AND then after that to the human rights in Albany and Washington DC whom I contacted directly
i can’t contact her doctors or even her and I’m scared for her safety while she’s admitted
sorry 4 speliing my keyboard letters r sticking can i contact by phone
Is not contacting a child for months a form of neglect?
The bio mom hasn’t had any contact in 4 years, he does not know her at all. This is my brothers child.
I have   contacted many   and   no one will take the case
I tried to contact with landlord a few times, by phone, email and register mail
I tried contacting them but left voicemial twice no responce back dear
311 has also been contacted several times. Not really of any help.
Thanks, is there another agency in case I am unable to contact them?
okay I will contact them and if I have an other questions I will contact you guys
I have actually been in contact with a litigation attorney that advised me to file claim on my own
I have also contacted the CBP and they have not got back to me yet
Thank you. Is there anyone else I can contact in case I can't get in contact with them?
meaning I would never ever have any contact with him again, ever
i already contacted thenand they coudl not help me
I am atrempting to contact this referral but it is coming back to you.
but someone might take it too literally and not contact anyone before taking your advice
Very helpful, thank you. I will contact them both and see what my options are.
What would someone do if their lawyer dissapears (with their file) and does not leave any contact information?
Ok, I will contact everyone who can help in court.
They did not give me any names. All they said was to contact you LawHelpNY.org.
i need a number to contact an attorney pertaining to a homeowners problem
And now NYS has contacted me that I have filed wrong and are pursing legal action against me.
With everything being so limited right now, it's difficult to make contact with anyone
No I will use this information to contact the clerk and get back if needed
I will contact them. Are you having luck in finding what forms I might need to file?
can I get the supervisor contact information please ?
after filling out the diy does somebody contact me or do i have to mail it in
It is about contacting me frequently with distressing and threatening messages
Should I look elsewhere? I suppose I can contact one of the matrimonial attorneys I know.
yes, and I need some contact information to help with my case
I have contacted a number of organizations for help; have not found anyone to help me.
Or point me twds the right office to contact?
First, there is the Legal Project. You can contact them at ... (copy and paste contact info here)
I want to know what I can do because that coworker has in contact with the other employees
I have contacted yogurt co,( with complaints and pics, boatd of health, and agriculture and food gave me #)
is there an actual number I can contact where someone can provide some sort of realistic information instead of brushing  me off?
i m wodering if theres someone in the state itself i coud contact ?
how does a current inmate at Hale Creak get in contact with PLSNY
Should I contact one of the legal parties   within the website instead
I'll let you go. Can I contact you tommorow if I don't make any progress?
I just wanted to know how do I contact a office for a ssdi insurance hearing
Thank you. I will contact those number first and get back to you if I need any further help
I contacted you this morning and have been going in circles with dead ends for hours!!
according to my other attorney who represented me on illegal lockout she said to contact you
In getting help, I can find their contact information, right?
what kind of laywer should i contact for IRS audits?
seeking information on who to contact regarding a vehicle malfunction that lead to an accident
OK. I will try to contact VOLS phone. Appreciate it very much.
if my husband is not the father to my unborn child and I have no contact with him what can I do
I contacted someone over a week ago and have not heard back
Thanks for the information. I’ll contact the hotline first, since I can visit the office
I contacted Child Supprt help number and they are unable to assist
Thank you, so just contact them with my issue and see what they say?
who do I contact to get a refund from a lawyer I fired
I have that but the courts provided condensed forms would like to compare an contrast with Molly. Can  she contact me?
i can’t find form for voilcent for contact son
in case I’m not able to contact an attorney
It might be better to just contact one of those offices
i have a question, i have contacted you yesterday but still confused
