Yes i am looking into some information about having a private adoption of my nephew and need some guidance
what form do I use to get my adoption records unsealed in accordance with the new law in effect on January 15, 2020
Do you have information about transferring from legal custody to adoption?
how would I go about having my son legally adopted by my boyfriend.
My stepdad is looking to legally adopt me, and I am currently over 18
I’m an adult but I would like for my step father to adopt me. How do I do that?
imnlooking for a step parent adoption lawyer
Can my boyfriend legally adopt my daughter if we are not married and I still am her sole provider?
my husband wants to adopt my son but my exboyfriend the biologic father has give up his rights
I am interested in regaining custody of my adopted son. I GAVE BIRTH TO HIM WHEN I WAS 15 AND AM NOW 31
I’m looking to see the process of reversing an adoption
My daughter is being put up for adoption cause mother may be loosing her rights as. She told me
I need a family lawyer to help me reverse an adoption
Good morning...I looking for help with adopting my step son who is 19
My husband is going to adopt my biological son.
Just returned home from Ukraine with our daughter need to re adopt in Albany ny
i guess i am just frustrated and trying to understand why some adoptions take longer than other
I need help I have a post adoption agreement that I don't think is being followed by the adopted father
My daughter is in foster care she nade it clear that she didn't want to be adopted
The forms I found looked like it was for an adoption agency
Hi, I am looking for information in regards to adopting my step son and my husband adopt my two children
trying to find step parent adoption papers
What are the steps involved in stepparent adoption in New York?
I need information in regards to the "Medical Certificate" current one signed by doctor, needed for adoption from the adoptive parent
Im looking to try to get an adoption reversal
where to go to get pre certified for adoption?
I am looking to adopt my step son legally. I have no clue on where and how to start.
Hello I need assistance in finding the  paperwork to submit to family court for a Step Parent adoption
Where is the form to petition to reverse adoption of an adult?
Her birth mother surrender her parental right but it has always been an open adoption
Hi, I have questions about adopting my step son.
Hi! Earlier today, I was directed to https://www.childwelfare.gov/pubPDFs/f_step.pdf for information on stepparent adoption for same-sex couples
Can I file in family court to have my name removed from the SCR child neglect list ? I want to adopt
What are the names of the forms I need to file the foreign adoption ?
I don't need an attorney at the moment. I would just like information on the process for stepparent adoption in New York, please.
I suspect fraud however because I have no recollection of signing consent for the adoption nor did I go to any court hearings
What is the process for adopting my 16 y.o. stepson? He has never known the whereabouts of his biological father.
Is step parent adoption and second parent adoption interchangeable?
Don't know if I need to try to get custody or adopt...
A child wants to cut all legal custody of father and be adopted by step father?
I am seeking information about the necessity of adoption of child by non biologically related same sex partner of birth mother
Great... These will allow me to see cases that were heard regarding adoptions in your state?
My children were adopted via private placement by the maternal grandparents
i have a question if my son was not born here in NY but in GA do i have to do the adoption down there ?
I guess my question is do we have to go through adoption if I'm already 18 or can I just change it
What age does a child that was adopted out legally able to contact the birth mother
i want him to go to the adoptive parents untill i can setup a home for hime
I am wondering how much it costs to adopt an adult in nys
good morning so i have a question how can an adoption process start for my husband to adopt my son
well the twins have always been with the adoptive parents
what forms do I need to adopt my stepchild in nyc
Hi im looking to try to get a adoption reversal
I am married and have been for over 10 yrs.  My son is 15 at the moment. And has asked my husband to adopt him
Hello, I'm just trying to find out if my fiance can legally adopt my children.
Hi I'm looking for the diy adoption petition
Does NYCourts have adoption packets available online to adopt a step child?
Yes his step mother is willing to adopt him and his sister
How can a stepparent go about adopting a partners child in queens?
I would like to adopt the child as my own - could that he done before the child is born?
I will like to adopt my niece and her parents are in another country
just wanted to know what the ;egal staps to file an adoption, my grandchild adoption
Hello im inquiring help on re-home an adoptive 14 yr old child
I am wondering if I can petition for an adoption reversal? I’m the birth parent
and these places do adult adoption for low/pro bono?
I am looking for assistance with finding out how my husband can adopt my child
All information on site relates to child adoption
No   we are looking to dissolve an adoption due to circumstances
ok my other question. Can my boyfriend adopt her? He has been like a dad to her for the past 8 years.
Hi my name is David Tirado and I am just trying to find we’re can i find my legal adoption papers
Okay great , now what court is responsible for lets say a request for the adoption papers ?
he already  gave up  his rights  so his sister can  adopt his daughter
My stepdaughter is 18, she was 17 when I married her mother. I would like to adopt her, what forms do I need
I am looking for information regarding the process of a person that already has legal custody of a child but now wants to formalize adoption.
My daughter wants my husband to adopt her. What do I need to know
Yes. Scenario. I wish to legally adopt a 9 yr
I am tryin to do an adult adoption and there doesn’t seem to be a way to do it
I need to get help with adoption process
Can you tell me where or how to get fingerprinting done for a private adoption case?
Hello, I was wondering if I am able to adopt my step daughter without an attorney? Are there DIY forms available?
I’m look for printable forms to do a private adoption
My 16 yr old daughter would like her stepfather to adopt her what paper work do we need
Looking for a free legal help in dissolving an adoption
i just have a few questions regarding a private placement adoption
so i guess my first question would be how does my spouse go about legally adopting my child with the court
i just need to know where I can contact for stepparent adoption
I am looking for a  lawyer  so  my children are not   put  up  for  adoption
i am looking for a lawyer to file for adult adoption . i want my stepfather to adopt me
It’s ok that a kids filing for adoption papers?
i need to file a petition for adult adoption in surrogates court
i had an adoption with an agency and need to file a violation of the surrender as the birth parent
I am currently a 1017 for a young child that I want to adopt.
Hi! I was wondering if you could please help me on which forms to get for adult adoption
I’m looking for a step-parent adoption lawyer
My cousin  is trying  to regain  custody  of her son who has been  living with  his aunt whom wishes  to adopt  him
I’m trying to make a private adoption, I am the mother of the child and my boyfriend and I wants him to adopt
Yes I read those. It will be a private adoption. But I didn’t know which forms to fill out?
Do I need an attorney to file  a petition for  registration of foreign adoption order?
I'm saying that I want the adoptive parents of my 2nd and 3rd biological children to become temporary guardians to my first born biological child.
Hello please let me know what paper work i need to fill out to have my father adopt his grandchildren.
Hi, I am looking to find out where I can get paperwork for step-parent adoption
I was wondering what the process is to file for a second parent or stepparent adoption
I am looking for info on how to reverse my son's adoption
I think you were helping me on my daughter wanting her stepfather to adopt her
I need  a lawyer  to  help  me    try to get  my children  from  be  put up for adoption
HI, I'm trying to find out how to fill out adoption papers for an adult adoption
My husband would like to adopt my son and I'm not sure how to go about it
I have done all  classes  and  everything  SS   asked    BUT  yet they are   say  my children are going  up for adoption
we would like the legal adoptive parents to take temporary costody of Stephen
I am trying to find info about a stepparent adoption
I need help on the process of adult stepchild adoption
i am trying to find out information on my fiance adopting my son
But it’s my adoption papers for when I was adopted by my grandparents back in 1998 or 2000
Yes. Also can she just go to the court and file. The mom is willing to let her adopt
can you help me locate the adoption forms for NYS?
iwas wondering what papers i need to file to start a step parent adoption
Hi I want to know how to adopt my step son Nys
I am trying to figure out where I can get the paper work for my husband to adopt my daughter
I'm looking for step parent adoption forms
I wanted legal information on how I can adopt my niece in Pakistan.
I am looking for guidance for a step parent adoption
Yes, I was born in Brooklyn.  The adoption was through the Angel Guardian Home.
No they weren’t adopted , but I would like to temporarily place them into foster care yes
Can I visit my local court for a step parent adoption or does it have to be thru a lawyer?
I am trying to gather information and determine the proper steps along with what paperwork I need to fill out for an adoption.
Hello, I  would like to inquire on adopting my stepson.
Hello. Was hoping to file for adoption for my step son. How can I did that?
I would like to know the steps and forms I need to fill out to adopt my adult stepdaughter.
Adopted mom locked me out illegally in a NYCHA owned building
I would like to know what form do I fill out to apply for a step parent adoption
can my husband who raised my son since he was 5 mos. old (now32) adopt him.?
Hello I’m inquiring about the adoption process
I need more information on same sex adoption/2nd parent adoption, for unmarried couples
so i want to know what do i need to adopt my partners daughter?
Can a non family member adopt a child?
im looking for a step-parent adoption lawyer
I would like information on how my significant other can adopt my daughter
Ok, I am remarried. My husband is willing to adopt my son.
I have a question about my husband's legally adopting my 23 yr old daughter
so my boyfriend wants to adopt my daughter how can i go about doing that
Hello  I would like paper work so my husband can adopt my son
Hi - i'm trying to find out what papers I need to file for my husband to adopt our daughter. (his step-daughter technically).
hello, we are trying to figure out what forms to fill out for a re-adoption of our daughter.  she was adopted from a foreign country
I just want to know if I marry my fiancé can he legally adopt my child from a previous marriage?
I'm just looking for information on how to go about finding a child that was adopted.
can you help me with a question about Adoption Form 27 C?
I want to be adopted I’m looking for the online forms could you help me with that
Helloo do you know where i can get forms from for adoption
I want to do a petition so my girlfriend can adopt my child
I went to family court i was told I have to Doha private adoption
