I am writing for help re: unemployment (and/or maybe medical disability ...).
hi Matt, how are you? I am looking for a legal help to dispute a medical bill..is there something that you can help with?
One year ago he lost his job , because he have one medical condition and he is under treatment medical
i May be dealing with medical malpractice or medical neglect
the body is currently at the medical examiner office because I have sign the papers for him to be buried by the state
It's a Automobile accident. The person filing this claim is asking for medical expenses to be cover
I am certified with NYS as a medical marijuana user.
I need to know what type of lawer I need to sue a Dr that is taking advantage of my medical insurance
I have both n he has access to school records and medical records
NO, HE PAYS THE CHILD SUPPORT.  HE'S ALSO SUPPOSED TO PAY 70% OF ANY MEDICAL BILLS INCLUDING MEDICAL INSURANCE AND HE IS NOT PAYING THAT
i need legal help on old medical case 2010 received a letter from there attorney
I was told I should file for modification to take me off of medical. Because I am now 18 and can have my own Medicare.
Do you have information on individual places I can file complaints about medical misconduct? Seeking an attorney can be difficult.....
Ok, thank you.  I'm having some medical issues right now & am being asked constantly about family history.
I am looking to find a lawyer to speak to you about my rights being denied for medical treatment regarding Covid
The question is can this patient be able to remove this from medical chart. Being mental ill
I need to make a legal validation of the medical records and follow-ups of the aggrieved that I have as evidence
When we made our custody agreement many Years ago it was part of that order that he was responsible for half of all medical bills.
I want to know if withholding her medication is illegal because I feel it’s a liability issue.
I need to keep it at 194.00 and need my medical
for expenses and medical, her current husband pays for them, she should disclose that, correct?
no when we went they weren’t covered by his medical they had Medicaid
I have contacted a medical supply and found out price quotes and that medicare will cover a hospital bed an hoyer lift
I need a list of attorneys who practice in the Albany ny area dealing with medical malpractice.
I am out sick until further notice due to my medical condition! Have no job now.
I’m really worried as covid pushed out various medical visits till July but as a result I feel that everything is stalling
i am older son and medical proxy for my mother
Yes I need a judge to order my son who is disabled to take his medication.  I fear for his safety
And due to disability the representative for the two has medical issues is not any younger
Does a court order necessarily contain info about how much a non custodial parent pay for medical expenses
Norms and production . Seniority and transfer. Emergency medication administration for unlicensed personal.
I just need to know if support includes the medical payments?
I'm in Florida but my brother was in Buchanan, NY. He is now in the Westchester Medical Examiner's office
I’m not getting paid now and do not qualify for unemployment while on disability / medical leave
Is there anyone that I can discuss this with on the phone? I have some medical issues and It  would be easier
I am going to have him court ordered to take medication
He sees a therapist psychiatrist also on medication he has IEP
I am certain they did this. However there is nothing much of interest in my medical records. It's about the behavior.
I am looking to get an insurance claim for time loss from improper medical treatment, lack of government help and insurance negligence.
im use to fill out my children’s forms but having medical issues and being autistic myself I find things getting harder to understand
unauthorized sharing of an employee's medical records.
i file a few modification before and the judge had me even subpoena my doctors because i live under medication.
The Medical Commission said I am required an additional plastic surgery related to the crime
CV Manhattan civil court.   consumer debt   Medical debt
1 needs medication for ADHD, but their dad will not allow it, "they dont behave like that for me"
and judgement  came out she has to pay $200 week plus kids medical expenses of 50%
i just received a collection letter and I want to try to dispute it with the medical practice that's charging me
do i file with family court or child support office for medical insurance withholding?
Are there medical malpractice or medical neglect lawyers also .
I can't seem to get access for several years, raising questions now by medical aand professional staff
trying to figure out how to petition a Medical Support Order
Yes, he said I have a medical lien, but the lien was related to this case treatment. He supposed paid already but he did not.
I cant Work I’m in the hospital at least two times a week for medical issues
I have a disabled child and an existing child support order. I’m looking for assistance regarding health insurance and his extensive medical needs.
I am telling about medic issue. The medical provider refused to provide the interpreting
There was this woman who work for Saint Peter’s who illegally access to my medical records
It been a horrible 10 year process medically and with my lawyer,
Want to take over our daughter Lia's Medical aaaaaaaaamd Mental insurance ASAP
My transmale son was perscribed a medication within only meeting the psychiatrist a few minutea prior.. He acts off since...
I’m looking for medical mal practice
Can you tell me how to file for a medication over object order to order my son to take his medication.
with my 1982 employer and bribed Elmhurst hospital medical records employees my real hospital to tell me my medical records burned in a fire
Hi I need free legal help with my medical claim in which I was told it was covered by insurance and it wasn’t
She hasn’t had anything to do with him since then and now is controlling his medical care.
Need help on what to do how to find a medical malpractice lawyer ?
For a medical insurance it was court ordered it's taking money off my paycheks
yes - i had seen this. but someone else had noted that i may have rights under the "family medical leave act" or "american disability act"
I am a  social worker in Arizona. Here I could become his POA and have home court ordered to take medication.
And I meant as in knowing if it was for child care, medical, or just general support between a certain time period.
I was strangled, and opted out of medical attention (due to shock) and her broke some of my property
I need the form for child support violation order for pay medical bills
Would i be responsible for medical bills that are my ex husbands, if we were married when they were made
oh?, if they are married and have two incomes? and she is I know he has her on her medical is that the same?
I would like to try to  vacate a judgment against me in a medical debt case.  What form should I use.
Can courts order noncustodial parent to pay part of daycare and medical insurance?
looking for medical malpractice attorney in nyc
My medication bank card social money and all personal items are locked in my apartment
I’ve never been to court regarding custody battle I only been to court to provide support and medical for my child
The decree requires him to pay half medical expenses and keep the girls insured.  I have had to cover all the medical expenses.
I have a medical documented Anxiety Disorder. My boss is demanding that all employees return to the office on Monday
I have some medical issues so hard to travel some days l
Hello, I'm looking for an attorney who does medical malpractice and accidental death cases.
I submitt a 4-11 and notarized letter of income. I am not working do to medical condition
I need to get my stress migraine medication
AND THE FALSE HOSPITAL INSPIRA MEDICAL RECORDS THAT I NEVER BEEN THERE
At this point I'm struggling to function for even basic tasks and have been in the hospital because of not having my Asthma medication.
He refuses medication he is erratic he wonders. He becomes agitated easily and yells at strangers.
Am I eligible for any unemployment or medical leave or anything like that??
i am looking for an attorney who'd help me to dispute a medical bill
Yea I need to file a petition for a medical order I got
I need to know whether or not medical excused absences count against my child as well.
the Worker has threatned to take me to court because I refused to provide my sons medical history
I want to against him for the fraud on my medical bill, it caused my credit lose on this medical lien
The form i received is from NYC OCSE, MEDICAL SUPPORT UNIT
its says bur of fraud investigation and it says notice of decision on your medical asst
yes  to make medical decisions if I am unable to
No thanks. Once I have the info I can file myself. My husband's estate is very very small and this is only for medical records.
Our superintendent asked employees why we're requesting accommodations for medical conditions to submit paperwork from our doctors. Which I did
I need a free lawyer to apply for Humanitarian Parole for Medical Treatment
My attorney for my foster care case provided a letter stating i needed single room placement and medical was provided but they wont place me
he is behind on medical reimbursement for February (by probably $200)
I have a 83 yo parent I need to have. court  ordered to medication treatment for dementia
i am having troulble with medicaid transportaion for medical appointmets
Hello, Tziona. May you please assist me with information on how to file a complaint about misconduct from a hospital and there medical staff.
The hospital case worker said that the nursing home is legally obligated to subimt the papwerwork to the medical supply company
i wanted to know if there is a link that can be emailed for a medication to petition child support
I have a medical bill from umc for over $1000 and was wondering how much legally do i have to pay them a yr
its Vinson vs. Dakota Medical Transportation.
how do i get help obtaining documents for medical and educational purposes
Also, I am very interested in obtaining medical information.  How would I go about getting that?
Also I have big medical necessity to be back asap
Due to his distrust of doctors my son refuses all medical help
If i have to i would because my understanding is the school expenses, care and medical are add ons. Am i wrong?
i want to fill out modification papers for a medical support order
Am a ssi recipient and am dealing with alot besides this medical wise
i'm wondering about high-risk medical personnel who are being forced to work right now
No worries, this stupid supposed deadline date is freaking me out, mentally... I need my medical coverage, I can't lose that.
He needs oxygen n important medication among other services so we need at least an emergency temporary guardianship as soon as possible
and they bribed my real hospital which was Queens Elmhurst hospital to tell me my medical records burned in a fire
MY daughter has been denied medical attention because she now has no insurance
