I need help with my eviction  I didn't  pay rent for 5 month  I have hearing date in January  I need lawyer  can some
I'm in  New Mexico  and I need assistance to cover my rent this month and mayb Nov
Yes my landlord has asked me to move out within 2 months, but I am still paying rent
My landlord says I owe back rent but has never provided receipts from my monthly payments
I haven’t had gas for 2 months and have continued to pay rent.
Can a land lord ask for first month last month rent plus security deposit?
I have't paid rent in 3 months
i lost my job last april, and I haven't been able to pay rent in the last 5 months
He told my boyfriend he paid a month but he hasn't shown prove of paying the rent,  so we don't know what to do.
Rent forgiveness for  3 months in reference to bill?
Because we don't have a child support order in please he has been paying the rent up until last month
Hi there, i need assistance with tenants. Giving me a hard time, not paying rent for 4 months.
i lost my job a while back, and I haven't been able to pay my rent for months
and haven’t paid rent in r months
The goodfaith deposit was 50% of the monthly rent. So i would be responsible for 2.5x the monthly rent in total upon lease signing
if it’s legal for a landlord to keep the last month rent if the tenant is renting only a room
No the landlord had me pay deposit and last month of rent
They were not given a copy and didnt pay first months rent.
but i am terrified of having my rent doubled in one month
I am being evicted from my home. I owe 1 months rent past due. I need it in Spanish
Yes I haven’t paid rent in 4 months
I just got an eviction letter from my landlord for not paying rent for a few months
Sure. I lost my job back in March and I haven’t been able to pay rent in months
No we went to court last year and the case was dismissed just order me to pay 1 month rent and move
I need to take my landlord to court for many reason, I receive public assistance that pays my rent monthly
i haven't been able to pay rent for the last 5 months
sure.  i lost my job in march, and i haven't been able to pay rent for the last 4 months;
we are paying almost 300.00 more a month now in rent
have a question about commercial rental and payment of rent for the months of march- may?
Does he have any right to hold my deposit if money is old all the work was supposed be done prior to paying monthly rent
i haven't been able to pay rent the last 4 months
In NYS don’t you have a five day period to pay the rent if due on the first of the month thank you
The tenant moved in without my consent and refused to pay rent for the past 6 months
i lost my job a few months back and i havent been able to pay rent
How can I get help to pay my rent this month
What steps should I take. The rent is 3000 a month. I am foreseeing loosing my job.
he basically used his deposit as last month rent, after that he moved out
the landlord is telling me she will be keeping the last month of rent I have proof I paid all of my rent
i lost my job about 6 months ago, and i haven't been able to pay rent in 4 months
Yes but they were increasing my rent every month
I have a question regarding full month rent versus initial occupancy date
i need help with my rents concerning  a month to month agreement
Yes because we paid 4 months where a least was in place his rent was being paid by a organization that help vets.
he lived with 2 other roommates and they did not pay rent for 9 months or so
Yes actually my tenant last six months never pay rent .I still cannot eviction?
i rented a room and gave the landlord one month of rent a deposit and last month
i haven't' been able to pay rent in the last four months
last month I was able to use my sercurty deposit as a months rent. But I need help paying this months
he just come to get rent every month
Because she lost her job last week. Plus do l give her 2 month free rent.
My main question is does repairing and deducting from rent apply to month to month tenants
I need information on the return of last month rent
and I paid a quarter of another months rent but owe $1000 still for that time
I pull thousands each month to make the rent & bills.
My old landlord is suing me for unpaid rent but I left months ago because of living conditions.
i haven’t been able to have rent the last 4 months
Most,own their trailers here. And pay property rent monthly
i lost my job 6 months ago and I havent been able to pay my rent
We paid a deposit and first months rent
Hello I have some tenants that haven’t been paying rent since March month they rent is $2000 a month
I have not paid my rent for the past 3 months.  Where can I look on line to
How can I get 1 month rent assistance?
Can the landlord sue me for not paying a month rent?
i haven't been able to pay rent in the last few months
Is there rent forgiveness for 3 months if you don’t pay rent for MAY due to coronavirus? Yes
i heard that landlord should pay me up to for 6 months rent. is that true?
land lord tenent I was ;the landlord they damaged the house and they sued for security and last months rent
I’ve missed two months rent
i was told to reach the help center for unpaid rent for more than 6 months
Since they moved in last year they been one month behind in rent
i haven't been able to pay rent in months
