I’m 17 and pregnant I was a runaway from Florida but I told my mom where I was
The mother text me this morning stating she is moving to Florida by end of December with my Son.
The paperwork that was drawn up in Florida clearly stated that this was all temporary
I been living back in my for over 10 years and father resides in Florida
Can I fill it all out online I live in Florida an my child support is in New York?
I got married in Florida, and am now living in NY. Will this be a problem?
how can i get a copy of the decision being that i moved to Florida a few months ago
we live in florida- he's in attica- which i believe is wyoming county NY
I currently reside in Florida and have several liscence suspensions in Steubenville county and am seeking legal help to help reinstate my liscence
Ok and last question when I do fill it out do i send it by mail to the courts since I reside in Florida?
Trying but sick of Florida. I live in Buffalo. (Clarence)
my mom lives here in ny but my father is in florida i believe
Thanks if you need the states I'm in NY and he is Florida
I live in Florida but am currently working in Massachusetts for a few months
yes. i have a hearing tomoorow but i live in florida
I completed one in Florida and was denied.  I was told to go to family court.
The person I need to file against lives in Florida
i file for custody in queens  through mail bc  courts are closed . The other parent is in Florida how will she get serve in Florida ?
It’s my summer to have them this year and he’s taking them to Florida. Meaning he is going to violate again
So, I am out of state living in Florida now. Will they still be able to assist
I am living in Florida and was told   the child and mother is living in florida  more than 10 years now
That would be wonderful. We live in Florida and the case is in NY
would it help if I wrote a letter to florida court?
I believe that they are being applied to Child Support in Florida where the custodial parent lives
Does he file a petition in NY or in Florida for visitiation?
nobody lives in Florida but case is still being held there
I tried to find florida probono but was not successful so yes please help me
Hello I am petitioning for child custody the absent parent lives in Florida and doesn’t have any contact nor relationship with the child
I received a letter from Florida department of revenue  ( child support) I don't live in Florida and I do not have kids.
Miami-dade, in Florida, but issue centers in Onondaga county
I put in a custody petition for my daughter. The mother left with her and has been living in Florida for over a year.
and my mom said that if I don’t go to Florida with her the state is going to take my baby away
I’m trying to take my daughter with me to Florida because I’m not able to afford staying in New York
Yes please I need clarification on the case because I was lied to and my child is there and I’m in Florida
Ok thank you does it matter if I live in Florida and he is in ny
I received child support for a short time when the father lived in Florida.
I mean if she was able to establish residency in Florida with her mother and I still living in Ny
I currently live in Florida. Is there a way to file online? Or at least get a court date ?
His child's mother left NYS and currently lives in Florida, taking their child with her.
I just need to know what can I do legally to take my daughter to Florida
For child support in Seminole county Florida.
Father is looking to relocate to Florida with his son. Where to start to file the petition?
So even if i lived in Florida as long as the mom lives in Ny does it still go by NY?>
I am currently in Florida and the court case is in New York
I’m not a resident of Florida so am I protected by nys & how can I deal with this
My daughter lived in Florida for more then 10 years and I did my child support here in New York
Ok also would like to mention I live in Florida my case is in new York where my ex lives
Thanks the kids where adopted  in the bronx and now I am living in PA and my mom live in seminole county in florida
So what you're telling me is that I should file in CT not Florida
shouldnt florida be the jurisdiction if he wants to try to gain visitation or custody
I was wondering how I can transfer a family court case from Sumter Count Florida up to Cattaraugus County, NY.
i live in florida now and dad lives in ny
i live in miami florida and would like to find representation for my child support case in queens new york
and would arguments be allowed virtually since he is in Florida?
i live in Florida and the child support is to high because i don't get paid that i work in ny
my mom lives here in new york but my father is i believe in florida
i am in florida living now , and it’s to hard for me to do this process
I live in Florida and if I am required to show up in person might cost more than attorney.
yes im safe and now living in florida
He does not mind having joint legal. He wants to move to Florida.
No current order and son has been diagnosed with cancer. I can't work now cause of his condition. Dad is on parole in florida.
My sons mother is trying to move to Florida with him in the next week or so
Can I get my child support transferred to Florida where my daughter lives
