Do i have the right to stay in my apartment after I request 6month lease
However I signed a lease in July 2018 so I wanted to know if I have the same protections.
My lease is up in August and I wonder if I have rights to ask for extension of the lease since the covid 19
I need advice on a evection of a roommate. I have the lease on the apartment
My understanding is anything regarding such matters would have to be expressly stated in the contractual agreement, which in this case is the lease
Generic question. Do agreements stipulated within a lease have merit
Intent was to move into apartment in April and a lease was signed but no physical paperwork given.
i have 2 questions actually. a lease with my landlord in a moc
I would like to know my rights when it comes to a lease renewal . When rental is not in good repair.
All of us signed completely separate leases for $600 a month
Hello.  My lease ends on 6/30 & the landlord won't renew
it clearly states that, even if the lease says otherwise, I can sublet
I forgot to mention my name is still on the lease
Is there a way that  the rules of teh lease are enforced
i do not plan on going to court, i just want info about possibly breaking my lease or withholding rent
Ok, also is there a way out of my lease I have 6 months left .. I don’t want him knowing where I live
I would like to know how to title a rental lease for a home that was placed in an irrevocable trust?
I NEED HELP MY FORMER LANDLORD IS SUING ME FROM WHERE I WAS RENTING I BROKE MY LEASE THEY STOOD WITH MY DEPOSIT
The rent increased nearly $1,000 from the previous tenants lease to my lease
Do they have to provide me with this changed lease for my review before signing?
I am being threatened by my roommate who is an "acting landlord" for breaking my lease early
My grandma lease will not be renewed at the end of this month by the landlord what can she do
I have a question about a new lease signing paperwork?
This person is not even on the lease, and  he keeps collecting the money for rent.
Hi I have a question about my rent stabilized lease.
I need to find legal help for a lease agreement
Hello, I am currently experiencing issues with my landlord who is threatening eviction but refuses to furnish our most recent lease and payment history.
I have no lease. I've rented this apartment for 25 plus years.
My lease will be up at end of August and the management sent me a notification of "no renewal of lease"
I am involved in a law suit from a Landlord. I served as a coapplicant on a lease for a family member.
Or does renewing the lease simply mean that all agreements from the signing date are extended as is?
I alerted them to my desire to get out of the lease on time.
I was wondering what my rights are, if any, to break the current lease which is not affordable housing.
I wanted to know what are my rights regarding breaking a lease 6 months earlier
I only owe him June rent also and I only move in Jan 1 and never got a lease or keys to this place
Was wondering who I would contact about info on breaking a lease due to infestations and other issues
or is there any legal council i can chat with to discuss lease termination?
Hi there, I have a few questions about a possible lease break
If as a tenet we never receive a new lease, does the landlord have the right to automatically renew the lease without our permission?
There was no lease, she signed a rental agreement Receipt from the realtor which clearly states this is not a lease
he’s refusing to give me a new lease and keeps sending threatening letters!!!
and now they want to kick me out or sign a new lease but my apartment was rent stabilied
its not for lack of rent, they have taken in a Rottweiler, smoke pot all day, and have broken the lease which expires June 3
My brother is in physical reh a vet n his landord doesnt want to renew his lease
Is there a law that I can vacate an apartment if a neighbor attacks me before my lease is up?
Hello, who can I contact about my current lease and legal help?
I just wanted to Inquire if I could kick out an occupant not on my lease but I'm leaseholder
I need help trying to get out my lease
two days ago they went abt lease a BMW X6 with the unemployment money
I am trying to find out my rights about terminating a lease with my landlord.
I want to know if being robbed multiple times gives me the right to break my lease
Before she died she submitted a recertification and added him to the lease. However they are asking him to move.
I have a lease thru August 31, but I dont
An additional charge, an MCI charge was added to the rent with the lease renewals that would occur over the next 9 years
I just have a quick question in regards to having my name removed from a lease
I asked for a record of this ...I could nof find original lease
i need help with my lease. if i have an order of protection, does that cancel my lease and payments?
NO NEVER GOT EVICTED I TERMINATED MY LEASE BEFORE TIME
But the case is that if I didn't renew the lease, the lease should end automatically
Can my landlord refuse to renew my lease because I  smoke,  72 years old on ss
He promised a years lease now says no he wants to sell the house and I have to move.
I have a lease with my landlord in a mobile home community
have a commercial lease, renting since 2014.  I am also a registered nurse.
Thx. I hope I was clear. I need a lawyer to review my commercial lease.
This is about understanding if I really have succession rights and knowing how I can add my name back on the lease.
i rented in june 2019 (signed the lease in april 2019)
my landlord is slow to make repairs and I have grown frustrated.  If I report him to 311 can he refuse to renew my lease?
looking for a probono lawyer who can help see if i have a case to break my lease since my allergies have gotten worse
I need to get someone out of my apartment. She's been staying there for a few months she's not on the lease.
Like not pay rent till the end of the lease
I cannot live with her, however, there are no evictions. And my lease ends January 2021
We are unsure if the new owners will honor our lease
I live with my girlfriend, she is violent and I want her out of my apartment.  The lease is in my name.
no they just taking advantage because they lease was upp in may 2020
i have a question regarding housing.. can a land lord increase your rent every 2 months if your re not on a lease
I mean it's a standard NYS lease. I don't have it where I am right now
I mean does that protect us if we vacate before the end of the lease?
I lost WiFi and was never able to get the information regarding breaking a lease
I have message my landlord now 3 times (lease ends nov 30) about a renewal
I wanted legal services pertaining to rental leases and apartment renting in NYC
If I sign the lease can they give it to somebody else the apartment
I have a two year lease that does not end until 2022
How do I break a lease 5 months ealier
in addition although I signed the lease I have yet to receive a copy with the owner’s signature
My management sent me an notification of "Non lease renewal"
I was given a letter by my landlord saying he does not wish to renew my lease. I would like to know what to do?
Hello, how many days does your landlord have to inform you of a non-lease renewal for a one year lease?
OK-I do need to know about the new upcoming lease too.
dispute with landlord . I am moving out early then my lease . I received the letter thAt I have to pay 2 times monthly payment
good evening i have a question im on the FEPS Program my lease ends 4/3/2020 whats do i need to do now?
I have not dared to request for rent relief based on that prior to covid becuase I fear them not renewing my lease
We only have 6 days before we move in but the lease still not signed by the owner or landlord.
great do they requiere to apload any documents such as taxes or 1099 or lease
Need help with renewing lease trying to find out my rights
It was a 1 year lease ending in August 31
Can a certificate of relief from disabilitiy help me get into the lease in nycha with my family?
Also never received a copy of the lease
And my daughters lease is up in August to but she’s 23
Yes, it is a mobile home park and I never signed a lease. 26 yrs.
There was a fire in the apt i lived in rented withought a lease no were to go
And the lives with portion because they can come and go as they please, but they are listed on my lease.
Hi Meghan. My roommate and I are having issues with our management regarding rent and our lease. Who should we contact ? thank you
There’s no lease my landlord and I are really cool almost like family so everything has been verbal since day 1.
Our father passed away...he was to ill at the end to add me to the lease. Rent is current..i would like to keep the apt.
do you mean piggyback the est control problem with the early lease term?
Received a notice from the landlord not renewing our lease
Like if in April we say we want to vacate in 45 days, does the lease terminate without penalty?
Trying to find out evictions without leases...
curious what happens when a tenant is in the hospital the week of a lease ending - is there a lawful extension of the lease?
my lease is unfortunately in my desk, that I am presently lock out of
The landlord wants to take me off lease and fortfeit my right to any of my portion he owes me back
I want to know the rights as a lease holder of a commercial space, in a relationship with subleases due to coronavirus
so I wanted to know what my options were for mitigating cost or potentially breaking the lease early to find different living arrangements
I need advice on how to get out of a lease early due to dangerous conditions
my lease permits me to take possession of the apartment after 3 days.
Since me and my husband signed on the lease already, is the lease is valid? Even without the owner’s signature?
I only wanted to understand this terminology that is on the lease renewal:
I’m not sure the lease renewal forms say it’s issued under section 2523.5
is there a place to look to see about early lease termination in a time of a national emergency?
yes, it is because I have to move due to work, and I need to be there during the last month of my current lease
Well it's not an eviction but rather my lease ends and he is making us move is that the same thing
Are landlords legally required to return a signed copy of the lease (with their signature) within a certain amount of time?
I signed a lease on a bedroom that has no radiator or windows
my new lease has an increase of 10.12%, which is much higher than my last two of 1.99% and 2%
Also wondering if there is a standard penalty for a lease break in Manhattan?
I am not on the lease anymore or welfare case anymore
Well, the two things you DO have resources about are the issues about the lease, so here goes...
I have asked the landlord to free me out of my lease based on the conditions he keeps telling me I sighed the lease already
Hi! I would like legal help regarding an issue with my lease
And lease to a friend until the lease is up in July 21?
hello ! I just have a question about the current lease situation I am in.
no new lease was received and the landlord claims it was sent out
I am wondering what this means about my lease that is renewed through the program annually
I'm having problems getting off my 1 year lease
My lease came to end yesterday and I’m still in the process of locating an apartment
I would like to clearly know what is owed to me and what my rights are. Yes I have a lease and moved in July.
We were asking the landlord for this to be added to the lease but it seems kind of weak
I do not want to renew my tenants lease it’s not an eviction
I don't have a lease but my landlord wants me to pay for a year rent do I have to do that
Where would I get help if I have a question on a lease with renting a mobile home
What will happen if the date of our move in comes and they still didn’t sign the lease?
i have been to court 4 times including today forDiscrepancy on the rent Owed with no resolution resolve and And we lease agreement
I'm looking for clarification on the terms of my lease regarding subletting and lease assignment.
but, 2 other roommates left the apt during lease period and my son lived there by himself for several months
I pointed out to the rental departmetn: what is the difference of end of contract with end of lease?
I'm a renter in Ulster County.  Just received my lease renewal.  My question is; is 18% increase in residential rent legal?
Yes that’s right and I am not under a lease with my landlord.
My landlord is taking me to court for breaking lease in result of Covid
I have no receipt for the money I paid and no copy of the lease yet because the owner didn’t sign yet.
Hello, I wanted information about rent stabilized lease renewals.  Are you aware of regulations/laws regarding this?
I have a lease from 2012 with my step moms name on it, but they keep telling me there is no lease
We had signed a lease for an apartment before the new laws were in effect.
ok, just so that we are clear.  I just need to know if an 18% increase in a renters lease is the norm or not
I had a lease that expired and he waited 3 months to present me with a lease with added on fees and rules.
My roommate does not pay rent her name is not on the lease does she have any legal rights? How soon can I evict her?
I was prepared to pay the rent but he didnt show up to sign the lease and wont return my calls
Hi! I have just received a new lease renewal with an increase on the rent and would like to have some advise
Have not received my renewel lease from my landlord my lease expires May 31 I live in a rent controlled apt 67 years old
They mentioned "This lease continue regardless of Resident  is unable to continue occupancy... " still obligate to pay rend
We are only in our 6th month of 1 year lease**
Parent is lease holder but has resided in a nursing facility for more than a year don't believe she can return.
I did not sign a lease but a piece of paper stating I would make all repairs
I want to breake my lease becouse I find homeless taking shower to my bathroom
Rental housing deposit and lease signing
Need help with roommate rights. If I’m not on a lease
Hi how are you? I need help finding legal representation because I am being sued for breaking my lease
They are saying I have to pay the debt in order to renew my lease on my car
I am renting in manhattan (market price). Due to coronavirus I want to leave the apt. Lease expires in august. How should I do this?
I have been on the lease for the past 2 years and no rent is owed to the landlord or have any other issues
Thank you, but the main issue is that the landlord wants to change terms of a signed lease
I live in an apartment complex and have a year lease
i live in a rent stabilized apt and my lease expires in april 2020.
Is there a way to break a commercial lease in nyc without penalty and get my deposit back?
I was looking for a complaint template for money due under a lease in the amount of $33,000.
Would a standard NYS lease have a provision fro early termination?
Hi Deanna, I am a landlord and have a question about end of lease with the COVID19 situation
I’m trying to find out my rights regarding my lease with my landlord and the current eviction laws.
would I be able to ask you a legal question about lease renewals ?
My name is on the lease, I signed the papers to get rid of the apartment.
Is there anything I can do legally to force them to take my name off this lease?
My landlord says he will not renew my  lease after 9 years ,  because I smoke a
is there a certain time limit to be able to void a lease
