like he could take my newborn infant child to his house?
i have no idea why i am getting those mail from housing court
CPS visits the house on a weekly bases, and this is affecting his mental health.
I keep getting conflicting information.  I guess I will just let them put a lein on my house and assets for 20 years over $1300.
hi I need help I'm getting put out my house
when I filed I stated that she no longer lives with me and is inbetween his and his moms house
I have a stipulation from housing court that I have to pay the remaining balance by the 13
I need help with eviction of my mom's son in her house
My landlord had an exterminator take photos of my house to see if it is messy, is that illegal?
I’ve already purchased the house in Delaware and currently in the process of selling my house in NY.
Currently, my fellow peer lives in Section 8 housing, but has an individual staying with him that is threatening him with squatter rights.
but he is insisting to stay in my house longer, and it's been like a hell
The delivery person is just that  - delivered and set the house. No, is not the original owner of anything. He Only delivered the house.
I went to a lawyer by our house but he is charging me $15,000 for the asylum case
House in my deceased moms name and no mortgage paid .
Yes do i print it out and take it to ther court house or i can email it?
Cancer patient Needs a probono lawyer in housing court
Divorce is done. House already sold
the house is sold we are just waiting for a closing date probably in the next week or two
He’s fighting for everything we have a house etc. Cetra
I had added her name to the mortgage deed/title of the house sometime back.
my husband died my name is not on the house deed or the will
now it’s become difficult for her to get approved for sr housing with this hanging over her head
I was in trouble with my housing at that time and he asked me to live in his apt temporarily
Recently he is refusing to allow her to collect her drivers licence from his house
maybe give me number I have housing hotline
Need a housing lawyer for housing issue
however I’m still making payments in my house I’m not living in and my finances are being drained
Is true that they would not give me Housing and when I get there because I am new there
I was just wondering if someone has section 8, don’t their house have to be clean and not horders?
We had a house fire and we are not getting any real help from the city
HRA in NYC ask me to contact Queens Community House to inquire about Feps voucher due to displacement and expiration of Sota voucher
She says because IAm living with my baby under his house
so I need time to get out the house and I have child 11 years
Now can a landlord deny me housing  because I don't meet her income requirements
Thanks I just move from my previous landlord because that house was on sale but now that house is sold
My landlord told me we have to get out by October because she lost the house
My house is in foreclosure as of March 4th and I am trying to save it
I just want to get back into the house , raise the children, I have separate quarters in the house and entrance
Landlord has been threatening to take my appliances because he has an offer on his house and cannot sell it with me here
My housing manager is abusing NHUD housing
I have no plumbing that works in my brand new house
My names Ana jamal family service in Poughkeepsie gave me this number for housing
Ok situation is I’m currently living with him in his mom house
CVR issues the Housing Choice Voucher formerly known as Section 8. I was a participant of the program since 2009.
I have a unlawful to occupy on my house due to no rental permit, do I have to move?
because i have been getting mail from NYC housing court in my address
I was inquiring about housing court eviction  of a roommate
I'm working on my parent's house to be a better environment for my son tho
I have to live the house and go to my mothers house because I am afraid she set something els up
Trying to find housing codes I think
Office of the Public Advocate, Commission on Human Rights, Housing Court Answers, Division on Community and Housing Renewal and the Attorney General
Hi, we're having some housing dispute with our landlord/ building manager
It is an Amish built house. It was built off-site and delivered here.
And what kind of housing help there is to help me move to get my children out of this environment
No she passed late Dec. The house was tranferred early Dec.
For me to go see a house and get discreminated towards because of my income
My younger children let them in and the took the pictures and posted house and photos on Zillow
I need to fill out and eviction others from some one that has been in my house
i no longer live in state so can not visit the court house
... and get an official record if there are no liens on my house.
Do I need to report to the town house? Are they involved in this case?
I want to file a petition for paternity is that for the central Islip Court House in central Islip
They need the dearth certifie...and a documents authority of the steed Cort House
My fellow peer is afraid to lose his Section 8 housing if he reports his situation to authorities.
I also took the position because I was offered 13,000 more then my position in NY. I already purchased a house.
How do I figure out how much a specific house owes though?
I'm facing an unlawful eviction from housing?
Do I have to go down to the court house or could I ask for it to be mailed to me?
Do you know of organizations that give housing help?
He started helping me take care of him 3 years ago and my son bounces back and forth from my house and his grandparents house
I work where I live meaning I have housing with my job i am being laid off and my housing is being taken away
That caused a series of damages to the above stated address. To attempt to make the house unlivable.
Can you please give me directions to a government courts house Were 🏠 i can get some help
do I have to continue making her go to his house unsupervised?
I'm looking for some resources that can give me guidance on HUD funded senior housing and cemetery pre-need planning.
so once I download do I take the papers  to the court house once I fill them out
i forget my phone in the lift that took me form my house to bank in boston
he just buys toys and maybe some clothes that stay at his house for when she goes and spends her weekend
I would like to get my son out of my house so I can sell it what do i do
I need help in having my husband removed from my house
Family court kicked me out the house we were in .let her come back then fit me for the bill
also that house was to be under quarantine and her son was working Tim Hortons during the quarantine
I have been fraud and scammed wrongfully in to closing a house even after I asked to back out bc everything was done the wrong
Kingston housing but i am.under repco enhanced voucher program
do I report to court house in Westbury or is it virtually
I just spoke with someone from housing help line
im thinking of turning myself in should I go to the precinct or court house?
Having a housing covid related issue with my landlord wanting to sell and show the house
I need help looking into see if cps can watch your house if its not court ordered?
The father of the baby is staying he will file custody papers. We are fighting and he kicked me out of the house
I believe she will need housing before the weekend is up,  danger may be questionable depending on his family starting more drama
however aside from that I need help to fix house , which is why I was wondering what sort of lawyer would that be ?
I have a decision from the nys division of human rights of no just cause for my housing discrimination case
I definitely will, ty.  There's only 2 houses for rent in the city. 30 ppl applying.
Plus I need help with the Housing Court Case
I’m in a shelter and was housed with someone who broke my nose
Yes please.    If house is sold in auction how long do I get to stay in house in new york
I stop paying as soon as they left the house
I havw a child support order with a childcare add on  can that be included in my income when applying for affordable housing?
The queens court house I went to because I am in queens , Dies it matter which boro ?
That would be great because she shouldn't have to worry that her Dad is going to sneak her over the house. Its sad
My husband, my son and I have been living with my mom, who co owns the house with my brother
I need to figure out how to do this ASAP because they took that girl back to her mother's house where her boyfriend still resides
Can mobile justice help me file an article 78 as I am currently not in housing cour
We are also aware of drinking and drugs in the house
2 minutes from my house lol. Thanks
I need acess to FULL Legal Representation in Housing Court
So technically it’s housing but it’s also marital debt
Loan was to repair a house to sell it. How can she secure that loan besides a mortgage.
I would like to avoid housing court, not eventual payment of rent owed.
i own a house in west babylon that i rent to a tennant
I want to file a petition to keep her here until both houses are negative so we don’t keep passing it
Is it ok to temporarily stay in a camper on my  land due to a condemned house
Hi my name is emerald and I'm 20 and I move into my father's house when I was 15 my father has been
I am being brought to housing court facing eviction
I am selling a house but still have an illegal tenant in the house.
And I met this lady via one of Facebook housing groups
i need the contanumber for the housing court help center please
Divorce 13 yrs ago. Recently my x sold the house am I entitled to and money
They were ordered to get me housing but froze my housing claiming I'm not complying but have proof that I am
Hi I need to get an attorney for housing please
I need to evict my son out of my house where do I start
My house was recently condemned may I live in an RV camper until it's fixed
Is the queens housing court open ?  Can I submit a petition for a housing  case?
but the house is in Nanuet Ny which is in Rockland sounty
And the house is only in his name. Would I have to pay taxes on it if I inherit it from him?
Thank you. I am also interested in potentially buying the house. How can I find out what bank owns the mortgage?
Dad is 81yrs old, not good health and wants my brothers to have house after his passing.
But it was to my knowledge that housing court is not taking cases for evictions until 1/1/21.
they r trying to put a lien on her house for it.
the house needs thousands of dollars of work to make it habitable
I been resident on a nycha for about 20 years and I have problems with the housing assistance
There’s someone in my house who has been prostituting and using illegal drugs.
How do I found out who’s name is on the house I live in?
Repair issues, possible black mold present in the bathroom, and yesterday we had high levels of carbon monoxide in our house.
I am a landlord for 2 family house in queens
i went to they house and wouldn’t even answer the door for me
she is no in his house all the time, she is even in my fathers house also
Im trying to sue section 8 housing
do i mail it to the family court house or is there a separate P.O box?
Hp for non repairs, housing court
She has a habit of sending the cops to my house so I’m ready for that too
He sold the house for the exact amount owed on the mortgage. and took additional funds outside of this
We need to evict him to get him proper housing
I am at risk of homelessness and need help with housing and I'm currently pregnant
i am trying to find representation for a appellate term appeal of a wrongful judgement in housing court
there are illegal guns in a house that my child has visitation at...what can I do about it?
Can the 300 for unemployment be counted towards income for federal hud housing
How can I apply house section 8 housing assistance for Long Island suffolk
I received a letter from my landlord stating the house is in contract and I have to vacate by September 30th.
The house is paid off, we purchased it in February 2005 and I want my name off of the house.
Are you aware if there is somewhere to find what attorneys are admitted in the Bronx Housing Court?
What can I do about her not destroying my belongings at the house? I need access with out her there
Oh i meant its not my house its a house thats on the market as foreclosure and i wanted to know how much they owed
The estate mainly is compromised of the house that my brother and I grew up in.
and that was the only real asset my dad owned but i'm assuming that the house is now legally my mom's only
I'm looking housing immediately due to being a college student without housing.
I need her to overrule seamans decision to freeze my housing asap
eviction court, housing court, roommate holdover case
Non payment of rent, court date is right now at 9:30am in Bronx housing court house, but I'm in the emergency room
There is a pay out ready to be dispuirsd as well as 2 houses
She has a house with a mortgage and bank accounts I need access to.
i was involved in a house fire and my daughter is a very allergenic  lil girl
P.S. this is a “private house’
Hello.   I am a Peer Advocate assisting a fellow peer with a Section 8 housing situation.
he and my mom co-owned the house they live in (both names on the deed)
Can I file for.a legal separation myself at the court house
Considerably safe I’m at my house with my family
no my kids are under 18 and we did buy a house but deed and mortgage is in my name only
Btw I file prior to housing for rent reduction  July to to aug no elevator
Can I do this just by going to the county court house and doing this myself yes
I believe I was speaking to you before and lost you about wanting to sell my house I own with my ex-boyfriend
i just dont want my mom to be burden with her outstanding bills   the city can have my aunts house but it wont sell
the landlord is also the head of a nonprofit organization that runs the house
our oldest child now is in between staying at the dads and grandmothers house.  she originally lived with me
I just need housing n seamans wrongfully isnt helping with housing against judges orders
