How much wld I get if my support is all up to date from non-custodial parent earned income credit
Ok and the parent who filed the child support case has to do that
I am the custodial parent, and CPS is ordering that I keep the children. The other parent is being disallowed.
good morning , how can i go about getting a parent to sign over their parental rights
How can I cancel the child support I am the non-custody parent?
Is a non custodial parent required to pay child support after age 21 for a college student?
Who is responsible for child support if the father is a very young minor? Are his parent held responsible?
CAN YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHAT FORM I NEED TO COMPLETE TO REPORT A VIOLATION OF CHILD SUPPORT EDUCATION EXPENSES FROM THE NON CUSTODIAL PARENT
Any information on who has custody of a child if the parents are unmarried and there isn't a court order in place?
if I need more time to serve the non custodian parent how do I get it
The custody of the child  will be in charge of the plaintiff and parental
I have a meeting on Sept 30th for child support of absent parent and Oct 1 I go to btw
I have custody of my son.  Can the other parent apply for custody if the child will not be living with her?
i wanted to know what is a residential parent to do when a non custodial parent refuses to bring back children after a visit
In New York if neither parent has custody, can one parent tell the other parent that they cannot leave the state with the child?
Options for her parents to commit her in a hospital or institution
Actually, not a hearing because as parents we have come to an agreement already. We just need to make it official.
The other parent filed and the magistrate then had 2 orders in front of to hear.
is there any definitive term to explain one parent excluding the other parent from the child?
just spoke with the child support enforcement unit. It appears the non custodial parent employer has been inconsistent with payment
I was trying to find a way to be able to take the non custodial parent off of child support
Can I file for custody of my biological son who resides with me even if there is no other parent contesting custody?
are there any specific DIY forms regarding Parental Alienation?
yes I'm a potential foster parent
Does a parent who have physical custody need to disclose their babysitter information to the parents who has visitation right?
Is a non-custodial parent responsible for both the order and health care insurance
I am the custodial parent with an open case here in NY. The custodial parent is in Vermont.  He has a warrant for his arrest.
Means a lot I’ve tried co parenting but she won’t allow me
I am trying to terminate the non custodial parents case. There have been a change in circumstances
What if one parent is not working how do I go about obtaining child support
I have a case with the non custodial parent and had a temporary modification put in place June 2017 for $72 per week
At what age is a parent obligated to carry a child’s health insurance
Yes, Hi what is the legal age a person can make contact with birth parent without parental consent from adoptive parents
also would it be a conflict of interest if the foster parents invited the father to live with them!
So both parents would be responsible at this point. Can he elect to have it stopped?
trying to get temporary custody of my god daughter have not been able to contact her custodial parent  for 6 months
What document proof will non-custodial parent need to file emancipation
Does a parent who has joint physical custody of a child have to give his address to the other parent?
The other parent also has a stipulation that a parent coordinator will help modify any custody modifications
Paternity was established but the non custodial parent never resided in NY
it states im liable if the custodial parent has them most of the time
What are the steps for a parent to give up custody of their child to another parent?
Yes I have five with a foster parent in one with a family member
I’m just a non custodial parent that wants to spend time with his child
Tons of proof of the parents are very unfit and extraordinary circumstances
Is there a for that can be signed to have a parent surrender their parental rights?
The non custodial parent & I are not divorced & he lives in another state.
Can you tell me what a parent can do if the adopted parent isn't responding to request for a visit
i'm looking for information of whether I can change visitation for the non custodial parent if I give them advance notice, for just one date
I was reading that only the  custodian parent can file child support
Is there a form that would allow visitation to be honored by a foster parent?
can you tell me what form i can use for a child support modification for the non custodial parent
Do convicted felony get parental rights ?
Can a biological parent file for custody of a child when the other biological parent is deceased?
Yes. How can I get a copy of the record of a voluntary surrender of parental rights?
Non custodial parent lives in NC
The other parent constant interferes on my time and does not abide by the custody agreemtn
If the child does not reside with either parent, would both parents be required to pay the child support directly?
can I be granted temporary guardianship with just a notarized form from the parents? Or does it need to go through the courts?
If two children are on the judgment one now lives with the other parent, is the noncustodial parent have to pay also?
someone’s else parents are going to take custody of her
The monies paid to custodial parent get refund to me?
I cannot fill ot out online because my sister is not a parent
what about if both parents make roughly the same income? how will they figure out the amounts
i.e. an extreme example of a parent keeping the child away physically from the parent for many months.
both parents have custody thats why i believe parental alienation is admissible
Hoe does one parent file for custody of a child?
Hello  If the non custodial parent files a petition to modify child support does this stop support payments to the custodial parent
The agreement states wife shall have primary parental responsibility and custody of the minor.
I’m m trying to find out a parent’s obligation for carrying health insurance
No. I just can't stand my parents being so controlling and effecting my mental health
in the non American passport, there is a not stating that the child is permitted to travel with one or another parent alone
Can a parent file for custody in their home state when the child has not lived there or with them for the past six months?
yes i wanted to get emancipated because i don’t live with my parents
How is child support will calculated only salary of both parents and savings?
Hi, I need to become emancipated from my parents. How do I go about this?
Also, this is a case of parental alienation/ abduction?
Kansas, parents were married in illinois, and divorce was finalised in california.
in this case i am the non custodial parent pertaining to my daughter
I know that to change a name you have to alert the other parent but what if the other parent cannot be found
as well as non custodial parent not paying child support
Where can i find forms to become emancipated with parental consent, or do i still need to go to court for that
Is there a number to call if the other parent won’t give the child back even tho there is a custody agreement
yes, but the papers we have gotten say their for parents
I actually tried this one, and it only applies to a parent. The program led me to exit since I am not the parent.
I have the there parent ready to sign legal custody over to me
Who is the 3rd child custody petition  addressed to ? I have one for each of the childs  parents
No, we don't qualify for custody we are the foster parents
I am looking for more information about obtaining custody. Requirements for the custodial parent - housing etc.
What would be the actions I should do in order to get the parent to stop denieing visitation
Is the custodial parent required to live with the child to continue receiving support ?
I have a quick question: How does the court view parental alienation in a custody case?
Hi, I am the custodial parent and need advice about getting a default support order vacated.
Other parent nor myself have gone to court for any custody proceedinga
Even if the the child never lived with the bio parent and was apprehended at birth?
i just need information on how to relinquish parental responsibility
Is the non custodial parent allowed to take the child out of state without permission from the parent
what if the custodial parent also is facing fanancial difficulties and have proof ?
What are the options to do to get a parent to be in a child life if they are refusing to do it?
Who should I contact if a custodial guardian passes and the biological parent does not have custodial rights at the moment?
and what document is used to file against the other parent as being "in contempt"
he lives in cortland currently and so do his foster parents
I need help finding my legal right as a parent who child lives with him and the  other parent won't let her comeback home
It's a form for child safety due to a negligent parent
Do I need to go to court to allow the non-custodial parent to have take my child for a year
what forms would have to be filled out if a parent does not want arrears from another parent
Can my new husband become a parental gaurdian
A foster parent in my one of my family members
I have look around endlessly for 2 days now and there is only advice for the custodial parent
What document improve with the non-custodial parent need to file emancipation
And the grand parent who is also mentally ill filed a petition for custody
is there a place to find the visitation laws for non custodial parent
Is this pettion for a parent trying to get custody of my kid in foster care
Hi I'm the non custudial parents I want to ask if I can stop paying support if my son stay with me .
I’m the custodial parent and I want to file for visitation for other parent
yes  i am inquiring about grand parent rights
the non custodial parent is not paying the new child support amount that was ordered back in February 2020
Im a non cutodian parent i need info for my kids mom to release me from child suport
Do a parent pay support for a child that does not live with the other parent even if 18
The non custodial parent of my child is refusing to sign her passport form
what if the custodial parent has an underlying health concern do they still have to send for visitation
The non custodial parent is remaining in the state the order is enforced.
Its temporary for my niece that has been living with my parents for over a year
How soon can a parent file for child support?
im a single parent and do not recieve child support
No I’m the non custodial parent these are modifications
How much child support non custodial parents suppose to pay each week in New York
what is a petition an modification do for a non custodial parent
The other part about the parent on welfare u mean the same parent that filed or the one who owes?
I need help about a child support case I am the custodial parent I have a question about my rights
Can I as a non custodian parent file an appeal with cash assistance regarding child support held by the state
You know, If my child need to renew passport, they always ask for parents signature.
Hello, I am a Foster Parent for Livingston county, and have a question about how to become a party on our foster daughters case.
is that whats to be given by the non custodial parent?
as a parent do I have to cover my child’s health insurance to age 26
what would constitute as abandonment for a non custodial parent. Can you answer this?
She is the custodial parent and currently pay child supprt as the non custodian parent
What can I do about  adopting a child I have custody of if I do not have good addresses for the biological parents
Does child support or protective services have a responsibility to let me know when the custodial parent doesn't have the child
Hi. I am currently separated  from my husband. We are doing mediation to have a parenting agreement.
The Non custodial parent moved without notifying the court, to NJ
I am looking into custodial inteference and parental abduction laws... but the thing here is we both did not have any orders by court.
How much child support non custodial parents pay each week in New York
Can I have full custody of my child if the other parent has not took responsibility for his child for 6 years now
Yes the child left the custodial parent in march 2019
How do I get a mediator to help with parents 50/50 custody schedule
i have a question in the absence of a parent can the other parent file for legal and physical cutody
Hi I'm a non custodial parent haven't  been working
I am just curious as to what age a child can make a choice on which parent they can live with
Hello. So my custody case went from PSC (parental settlement conference) but is now going in front of a "referee". What exactly does that mean?
I am looking for a petition to transfer custody of my daughter to my parents.
I had a question about child support and the ratio for two working parents
Can a social worker discuss what 1 parents choices with another parent during an ivestigation
TEeven if the child is neglecting to have a relationship with the noncustodial parent?
Does your organization provide temporary legal representation to low-income parents?
what low regulate a Custody after parents diy
I need to file for a relocation request with the non custodial parent
do I as a non custodian parent still responsible for child support from public asst even if he's a emanicated child under 21
both parents are fearful of their safety. they also have minors at the household
I am the custodial parent. I would like to start visitation order proceedings because the non-custodial parent does not respect boundaries. Is this possible?
If 2 parents who were never married cannot settle on physical custody, will the court give each parent 50/50
However, the other parent and counsel are non-responsive about finalizing the parent co-oridnator
what do I need to file for a violation of a surrender as a birth parent
will that work if my ex spouse is the current custodial parent?
And the non parent is never there for her only like twice a year
I was just wondering what the state’s view is on visitation between custodial and noncustodial parents at the moment with the pandemic
Can a child ask to be emancipated from a non custodial parent
If the non custodial father pays 17%. What is the custodial parents financial part?  She makes almost as much as he does.
If a parent has full custody of a child can they still be entitled to child support
I am trying join the army but need to give up my rights as a parent. What do i do?
foster parents but I want custody back. What are my legal rights
Under the doctrine of constructive emancipation, a child of employable age that refuses contact with custodial parents forfeits any entitlement to suppport
At what age can a child legally refuse visitation of a parent?
can I being the custodial parent write off the support areas owed to me on my taxes and close the case
Another question, the custodial parent has a business under my name will that affect anything
What form do I need for unmarried parents when we have not gone to court for custody?
How can I get a copy of the court record of a voluntary surrender of parental rights?
Hi i was just wondering is it better to put my spouse parent info in a child custody form or leave it blank..thanks
I am trying to fill out a “violation form” for the non custodial parent
Can a parent give up their parental rights when the child is an adult?
I am looking for information about what to do regarding an emergency petition to stop visitation with the non custodial parent for our child
I think he needs supervised and parenting classes
How does a parent voluntarily surrender parental rights in Onondaga County
I’m a grandma seeking to see 2 grandchild parents are not letting me.
I was told by someone that if the child lives with you then why are you paying support to the non custodial parent
The reason I am applying for a Modification to Visitation for the Non-Custodial parent is because of the CoronaVirus.
Unless a court makes another decision, parents have equal rights to physical and legal custody of the child.
If the father don’t give me nothing for my baby i can be a custodial parent
At the age of 16 am I able to just leave if one of my parents has residential custody?
No, I had entrusted the parent would commit to the duties entailed in the decree
I am the custodial parent of my daughter and am looking for a form to file for the other parent to give up parental rights
is the bronx family court open for receiving child support modifications from non custodial parent?
thank you what if other parent wont give me his address
The problem is my ex been violating the visitation & parenting time. Also never paid full of his child care responsibility.
is it possible to file a support petition if the non custodial parent is out of state?
i would like for my case to be re-evaluted  i am the  custodial parent
The custodial parent has been receiving the support without my child being in the household
i would lile to know how to put myself as the custodial parent on this case
no previous order, both parents had equal rights as they lived together. One parent left with child- disappeared.
Hello I wanted to ask how can i remove a parent from child support
Hello  if the non custodial parent files a petition to modify child support does this stop support payments to the custodial parent.
