The uncontested divorce has already been filed. However my questions is regards to the lack of notification from the courts if its finalized
i already filled out a uncontested divorce worksheet and just need to edit the name of the defendant. How can I access my forms?
I need some information on how to get an uncontested divorce
Can you help me with filling out uncontested divorce papers?
Does this mean you can’t file for uncontested divorce?
The Father prior to the divorce had another child to another woman, (caused the divorce)
Manhattan Supreme Court for uncontested divorce
where can i get free legal advice on a uncontested divorce in which a minor child is involved
hello, i started the uncontested divorce program, got an index number and now i would like to get my court case on the calendar
just want to clarify.. in terms of diy divorce... I can have a mediator to work out custody and then initiate an uncontested divorce?
i just like to get some help for filling uncontested divorce forms
I have a question regarding an Affidavit of Defendent in an uncontested divorce
My husband filed a divorce, it was unsigned. Do we have to live separately for 1 year before divorce is granted?
you said "If you were aware that the divorce was happening it may be an uncontested matter and not require court appearances"
Hi I am filling out the NY uncontested divorce packet and I am confused about things pertaining to custody and child support
I am filing for an uncontested divorce in Queens county.
Hi David, I have a number of questions about getting a uncontested divorce in New York with a minor involve.
Ok.  Thank you. Also, are the forms for contested and uncontested divorce the same, because I cannot find forms for Contested Divorce.
Hello Good morning. I just have one quick question. Would a Lift location be the proper place to assist with the DIY uncontested divorce documentation
In interested in finding free legal help  4 divorce( uncontested)
Can I still file for an uncontested divorce but we have a child together and have came to an agreement on visitation
Hello I would like to finish part B of my uncontested diy divorce i started last year how can i do that
I want to know if the RJI is mandatory to  a uncontested divorce case.
not yet just completed the uncontested paperwork and waiting on if I want to file for divorce
We have kids together would it still be uncontested if we both want the divorce
hi good day! I am tryimg to do an uncontested divorce in ny
Okay, coolhmm, also with a DYI divorce would it be deemed "uncontested" and DIY if there is a chilld
I have looked there. I didn't find anything about child custody / support. It seems in NY diy uncontested divorce can only happen w/o children.
Hey i would like to set an appointment to file for an uncontested divorce
The judge signed off on the uncontested divorce agreement which included information like child support, custody, holiday visits etc
I have this form all filled out: NYS Supreme Uncontested Divorce *hd
I have a friend that her and her husband verbally agreed to file for divorce uncontested (they have 2 kids under 21)
I am looking for DIY forms for uncontested divorce with children under 21.
Hello, I am checking the status of an uncontested divorce.
I am going to file for an uncontested divorce, the children of the marriage have been adopted out, do I include them in the paperwork?
Hi, I’m trying to determine the sequence of events and the exact documents that need to be filed for an uncontested divorce.
How do I print all the forms I need in uncontested divorce in Manhattan
Doing a no fault uncontested divorce.  Question about dividing retirement funds
Where can i find free help with an uncontested divorce
I had went to a divorce attorney because I wanted to divorce my husband
One more question, as for getting a divorce, are online divorce services valid?
Hi I'm trying to file a uncontested divorce from my absent spouse
I am looking for an divorce attorney in the bronx who can help me get a divorce
I have two children one that is 24 and one that is 20. Can i do the uncontested divorce.
you were giving my more information and resources on an uncontested divorce
HELLO CAN A DIVORCE SERVER JUST DROP DIVORCE PAPERS OFF ON THE GROUND IN FRONT OF YOUR RESIDENCE
i was filing for unconteste divorce on my sel like DIY
How do I file for a legal separation instead of a divorce?
I would like to get papers for a uncontested divorce
do I need a attorney to file an uncontested divorce?
How do I down load Divorce form, to fill my own divorce with out a lawyer
Hi Lindsey, I was looking at http://www.nycourts.gov/courthelp/Family/divorceOverview.shtml for the process for an uncontested divorce case. What is the process for a contested divorce?
uncontested divorce and the form is for affadavit of plantiff to serve plantiff
I’m in need of help for my uncontested divorce
I’m looking on info to amend my divorce grounds from adultery to another grounds. The divorce is uncontested
can I file for an uncontested divorce if my children are ages 20 and 18?
i filed an uncontested divorce through the court. they just sent me a letter stating to submit and affidavit as to prior name
Hi ! I need a divorce form online
Hello I have a client who is a DV victim who is pursuing an uncontested divorce. Would they be eligible for services?
is the divorce still uncontested if the affidavit of defendant i signed but there is a request for maintenance?
Thanks! I'll click the link for information on filing an uncontested divorce
I'm looking for the language that needs to be provided to authorize a defendant to file an uncontested divorce
Hi I was wondering if there are diy forms for an uncontested divorce when you have children?
how do I find the form for Deffcts on my divorce paper
Also what happens if i default on an uncontested divorce petition?
So all divorces start as uncontested and when the spouse disagrees to the terms, THEN it turns contested. Am I right?
I have 1 specific question about divorce filing
Can you email me the forms for an uncontested divorce in Brooklyn NY?
how to file for an uncontested divorce with children’s under 21
Good morning: i'm seeking a divorce from my husband. (uncontested)
Hi . I'm trying to start a uncontested divorce case online
Im divorcing do i divorce under my legal passport, bank, work, etc name? Or my old birthname?
Hi, I would like to serve my spouse with divorce papers. However,  He is currently incarcerated. The divorce is uncontested.
Chelsi - do you know if I can e-file for uncontested divorce in Westchester County?
under what grounds of divorce should I apply for when filing for divorce
Where can I  get free uncontested divorce assistance
She would like it to be uncontested but there is a history of Dv
Hello my name is Mariela wisch, I need assistance for a uncontested divorce
In need of a number for uncontested divorce program
It's for a uncontested divorce but under the remarks section when I check online it says defect
I have forms for my uncontested divorce and need help filling them out.
So once that is taken care of I can file for the uncontested divorce or is there any other paperwork?
Hi my name is Anna and im trying to file for a uncontested divorce
I have tried multiple Supreme Court efile for uncontested divorce but no one picks up, no matter which day or time I call....
thanks. I’m wondering if it possible to get a divorce right now? Are courts accepting uncontested divorce?
what forms would I need to fill out in order to file an uncontested divorce?
Hello, I am a disabled veteran beginning an uncontested divorce.
I was wondering you have any information as to approximately how long a RJI for e-file for uncontested divorce takes during COVID times?
i live in Poughkeepsie Ny and I would like to get a divorce lawyer preferably a woman in my area and for an uncontested divorce
How much a divorce lawyer will charge me to file for a divorce and to finish it and to start it
filing for divorce uncontested with children that are 18
Im married right now, but i would like to receive divorce papers ,so i can get divorced
i am the defendant. And have been served a dominos and verified complaint for uncontested divorce.
Yes I can use lawyer referrals I want to file uncontested
Its uncontested divorce and its in the court from last year . I really need some info what to do
i just want to know if i could get my divorce file? the divorce was filed 2010
She had them printed from i think her personal lawyer and she ga e them to me.this is an uncontested divorce we bith want it
I’m looking into an uncontested divorce but I’m finding that with having kids that’s not possible. Is that right?
I am looking for uncontested divorce forms but when I click on it I get a 404 message- site not found.
Hello I need some help with getting a uncontested divorce. I am not sure how to go about it. I am on ssd and ssi
I printed out the NYS Uncontested divorce package and I need help
I’d like to file uncontested but it is saying I can’t because we have a child
