Yes I have about custody and jurisdiction. I was logged off earlier. Apologies.
yes we are still married but recently separated because of his infidelity
yes, so in my statement letter - can I say  I am acquiring both physical and legal or is that too much?
Yes i am aware of that and phrased my question to reflect it, thank you
yes, does the notary in NC still stand as an authorize notary?
Yes ,I have names addresses , ss# court docket #.
Yes I went to court and all they just didn’t explain where was I receiving it
Good evening Ms. Elizabeth. Yes
Yes, been working w/ NYLAG, waiting to see if they will represent me. BLS analyzes QDRO,husband is very wealthy CPA, a slick SOB
Yes, I was looking into patient rights and when legal action becomes necessary
Yes and he counter filed with a reduction. our hearing is next week
Is abandoning of a Mitchell llama gives Succession rights to co-owner yes
Yes I can find the forms to file for support
Oh yes, thank you. I am 66 yrs old, and I stupidly told him my had died so he knew I was alone
Yes it involves a case of mistreatment by a hospital. Violation of my patient's rights
yes, I stupidly did...AFTER she treated me so badly....
Yes I have two cases filed and both are for the 1st at 1030am
yes one just graduated May 22 2020 and another that is in college and is 18 years of age
Yes I have a bank account with a negative balance
Yes also they still  Deny his services
yes , but it says they have 35 days to appeal.
Yes i would be elated if i couldn't get some real help
Yes that’s exactly what I meant. Okay cuz I live else where and there making it hard on me that’s why.
yes my boyfriend is looking for some legal council
Yes we did for several years our case still is there
Yes I just need to be able to download the forms needed and I can take it from ther e
Yes I did that but never gotten email. I just did it again too but nothing came through
Yes I do. Do they schedule hearings via Skype?
yes yes I’m in Queens Ny
yes it’s 5 child actually
Yes I read thru them and see what offer me.
Yes basically if worse comes to worse.
Yes, just curious if I have to make legal steps to stop the payments upon fruition of the 21st birthday?
Yes. I need/want professional help.  That's why I am here.
Yes for stealing my electric  nyseg has proof he has stole it also
Yes. What are the recording proceedures or filing proceedures in general.
Ok yes I will wait n TY
Oh ok. Yes that's the questionnaire I started.
Yes I know he is controlling and ruined her self esteem
Yes, some help is what I desperately need. I am computer illiterate.
Yes but also want it to say durable
Yes I want to sue them . or fight this isnt  right
yes, it gave me 30 choices, actually
yes an I need a coppie of it plz think you
Okay yes I have read that upon doing my research
Oh ain’t know it go to courts but yes in Brooklyn
Yes, he has a tendency to ignore messages and is great at making threats
Yes, I am the party that has 30 days to pay him my percentage
Yes hi I’m looking for help for doing my bankruptcy
Yes he is the father and need case transferred to Brooklyn court out of the bronx.
yes I saw that one , all I need is a form
yes I'm  aware of that but I dont see the forms
Hi yes. Sorry I’m new to this.
Yes, I made 2 affidavit"s  of heirs of the estate with a lawyer for another legal I'm going threw....
It was part of our divorce agreement so I would say yes.
I took a screenshot so i have it saved on my phone. Yes, I'm going to pursue this
yes I’m so sorry my keyboard is misspelling and stuff apologies
Yes I misread the instructions and didn’t respond “Yes” first.
yes it is within the 2 week area
i will confirm, but I think yes, as part of the 2014 divorce.
Yes. I also checked ecourts, and it indicated "trial".
Thanks for your kindness. Yes, I have the divorce certificate.
Oh okay - yes, you can click on global settings, then go to canned messages - then create a canned message under private
YES, MATTERS WHERE BROUGHT TO MANAGEMENT ATTENTTION, YET I SEEMED TO BE THERE PROBLEM
Yes. but I know that her estate is in excess of $50,000
Yes, to terminate my tenancy, on grounds of hoarding.
Yes I will.  The child support line provided that email but it was invalid. Thanks I will wait
Yes how long after order of filiation will I be notified of any changes ?
yes they have been caling to pick me and the baby up but he is not complying
Yes, I guess. I'm very confused right now
Oh, sorry, yes—the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction Enforcement Act
Yes that’s why I am looking for some one else
yes for the affidavit to keep her name confidential. that would be filed now by email? EDDS? Mail?
Yes absolutely I do understand, and I accept those restrictions
What I was supposed to press yes or no I barely can see what I said so I can assume I press yes
Yes.  I am looking for a lawyer that specializes in labor relations/civil rights.
Yes right now how can he let know the court about he being unable to pay?
Hellow my name is Sharon Yarimi and my husband yes
Yes 18,000 borrowed but it was never specified that I would pay him back
Yes the mailbox the management changed the lock. Also if I get locked out illegally
Oh great yes I will definitely read it
thank you. Yes, or at least out of his possession in my storage unit.
yes for a father to sign over his rights and its entirety and will no longer be the legal father
Yes maybe i can get the paments lower?
yes, you won't report our conversation to anyone, right?
Yes it's paid in full I checked with the bank
Yes and notarized. But she made it very vaguely written
Yes. Finalized in June, 24, 2019.
I suppose if you think that would help yes
So yes thay did offer me a job yes but the drive and hours were not reasonable and he would not nogatiote with me
I see some schedules on my tax return so yes
Hi Rita, yes that would be lovely
Yes- I think I lost you on previous conversation here?
Yes that would be helpful if you don't mind
yes, but neither party lives in DC, so there is no jurisdiction
One of them yes and I still paying the same amount
yes and probably the other ones as well even tho they are 15 and can voice their opinion
but if u have none in new hyde park then yes
Yes i went to the precinct to get the report
but yes the  handle  the  case  very  diffrit  from   what   we toll them
Back child support yes paid a total of 72,000 from 97- present day
Yes if that’s what would help me in my position
Yes. is that similar for filling for absentee father ?
Yes. Okay I just have a question because I cant get through to my local collections office
Yes I will like to reinstate my section 8 case
Yes, that correcto because right now he doesn’t want to help me so I don’t have other option
and thank you for the empathy, I saw your note, yes it sucks.  :)
Yes, I think I have the right papers.. It says Petition for Enforcement of an Order of Custody
i am about to lose my teanagers to my ex husband as I have been aleinated yes
I understand. Yes it’s a fair hearing.
Yes file # 14567 docket # F-675-11/20A
Yes me and her don't really see eye to eye
I understand.  Yes, I would like to look into judicial avenue to recover my commissions
Yes, I understand. I guess I was asking where to start, but phrased it poorly.
Yes around 10 yrs ago in sept 2010(estimate date)
Yes. My mother-in-law’s caretaker is not a U S citizen. She needs urgent care for her diabetes. Can she get help?
Yes you may ask whatever you need. And yes her mother has custody
Yes, I screamed at them after being nice, because of there treatment and was almost thrown out. They think it's a joke
yes just need to know do I mail it or drop it off
Yes. How do I file for a COLA rather than a modification. I have not had a COLA in many years
yes. divorced and custody agreement signed in queens
Yes to continuing, sorry, I missed that line.
Yes I have custody during the week and he support to have them on the weekends
Yes I just need to know where to go or what our options are
Yes I know I can petition for it to be enforced, but I mean is it still enforceable by the violating party.
Yes im still allowed until I receive my decision
Yes because shes very troubled & I flew there to get her. Ok will do, thx so much
yes i need help to settle this at the lowest possible
Yes. I don't see what I need in this list. Is  there another page?
yes, i even copied and paste the email directly from here
yes.  I live in Bethlehem in Hanover Township, Pa.
Yes pls I need help  With this situation.
Yes I just need to make you aware of my neighbor's health legal needs
yes very and now I have his family Threatening threatening messages to me and my partner
yes i also had a restraining order against him and we do have a 11 e
yes i sis sign but now i regret it .. so does that mean i contest the divorce?
Yes.  He says he will pay me when he can.   Yet he is still expanding the business.
Yes of course I sign it big and clear
yes I had one set the day before everything was shut down
Yes I’ve been there. Just didn’t know if the guardianship in pa is transferable
yes, i actually own and pay a very high maintenance but have no maintenance
Yes, because we haven't even filled for a divorce yet, but we've been separated almost 4 years.
Yes I would be interested , there a few more inconvenient and that’s why I need help
Yes. Hi Franklin. Do you know if custody agreements are available to view online?
Sorry yes I forgot to read that my phone is dying but yes
yes Next question how many days do I have to make a appeal
Yes, but I have no cell phone which is admittedly a big hurdle
Yes but I do have a lawyer in another case but I just can't get ahold of him
Yes, a deceased aunt who died in 2017.
Yes and also..je is only 50 years old...thank you
yes. but I need help applying for the travel document.
Yes, can this conversation be emailed to me or should I do screen shots of it?
Yes, I’m going to give you a scenario
Yes they've helped me already as qell
Yes but my ex says he filed can I still file my own papers
Yes, I have read and affirm that I understand the statement.
hey goodafternoon mike and yes it is okay
Yes it hard I'm the only one advocating for him
Yes it says select language then spanish no other option even English
It’s pretty much a yes or no question...
Yes. That is why I need the section from forms that is not on the DIY menu.
Yes, it is the White Plains City Court
yes I read it, I had a Adjournment in Contemplation of Dismissal.
yes plaes that would be a greeat help
Yes and 67 yrs old divorced
Yes.  I don’t see the visitor survey.
let me check email quickly. Yes you were clear.
yes and they’ve been well aware of my unemployment
Yes I need help my baby mom is not letting me see my child.
Yes but there’s many and none of them say is to stop the garnish
I did day yes part isblocked by . Blue block
Yes you are correct..I guess my good nature sometimes  ends up hurting me lol
Perfect, meaning yes? Or are you checking? Thanks.
