I feel my public defender is lying to me and tryna make me take 6 months In jail for no reason
Hi I need help finding my public defender who had a case on me that's still open
How can I request a lawyer Public Defender for a Custody Court Date of 11/9/2020 at 2:30? The lawyer I had moved to Fl.
the only way I was thinking to take this it’s by a public notary
I  need info about the legal status pertaining to my eligibility for SSI while residing in a publicly funded non-profit shelter.
She filed for public assistance because her sister told her to
and I would also like help trying to contact my public defender, I'm assuming I would use the same one as last time>
yes please as we need the unemployment and 3 other ladies have comprised immune problems.  We deal with about the public daily.
I also will have to represent my self in court because they don't give grandparents public defender's
I was approved for a public defender out there, but I was trying to find my own council from a different organization
They gave my daughter a lawyer, and I just applied for a public defender
But I like to get a public defender to help me filled a petition case
The public defender's offices have declined to represent me until the matter goes to family court.
my daughter has a criminal case, DWI that occurred in Westchester, but we live in Ulster.  How does she get a public defender?
assigned counsel program it’s a notarized document to get a public defender
I am frustrated because in Greene County I cannot apply for a public defender I only make $13000 a year I'm on disability
Okay also I receive public assistance can I still get help with child support
are you still there?  can you direct me to legal aid or a public defender
Public defender's office in New York Angela Bible
And at one point I was receiving public assistance
I am trying to assist the family with housing, and other public benefits i.e. food and clothing.
I made them take the public pretender off my case he was not helping
What can I do to have child support enforced if I am also recieving public assistance
Yes I am trying to get assigned a public public defender if you can help me out to get a lawyer sign for me
She is now trying to get NJ public asst. he does not want to be billed for it later by NJ
I am public assistance they put my children father on child support
can my friend already in public housing get evicted for a e felony dwi
I would like to know what is the income rate maximum for a public defender, for a family of 3?
How do I get a public aide to hrlp me before I sign any papers
The other person is my mom . my child lives with her and shes on public assistance wit him
Hi my name is Rose I need an attorney that is in Westchester that handles public assistance cases for hearings
I wanted to know how to find legal assistance for public housing
I have questions regarding new Public Charge rule
Can I request a fair hearing on a compliance complaint decision if I dont agree with the decision for a public assistance case?
I don't fully understand the income guidelines on the website to determine if I qualify for a public defender.
Another question do you know of any like special provisions that are veterans have when it comes to public housing
they are doing the paternity either way and i had no choice but to list him as the father because of my public assistance
Seeking to file public administration for small estate
I’m wondering if I should get a lawyer or would be okay with a public defender in my case
I recently applied for public Assistance and my daughter receives ssi they are telling me I have to go to child support
we agree on going to a public notary tmrr but he wants to take the baby 3 days
My case isn’t really related to the public health crisis
I do not drive and because of being Diabetic was advised not to travel by public bus service
I am looking for a new public defender for family court and im not sure where to start
He was offered a public defender and now has one, so I am confused.
i also could use a real lawyer not a public defender
Hi, Thanks for helping. I wanted to find out if I qualify for a public defender. I got a desk appearance ticket last week
And don't take public calls just courts and attorneys
He is on public assistance and pending SSI. He has no income and has a mental health diagnosis
At 60 years old can I have a bank account when applying for public assistance and what is average amount
Oh, wow!! I assumed it was public information and could be accessed publicly..
I have A question about Public assistance and Child support
Hi i want to know if my daughters mother stop receiving public assistance can i go to court and doormat the order  ?
ok,  i will try that.  but aren't there public records of lawsuits?  where would i find those?
is there an alternative like a public notice in a newspaper or the like?
I understand we have a right to apply for public assistance And receive a determination in writing.
Example is not having to take public Assistance and charging first last and security
and I also need some guidance with a public assistance case I have open currently
yes. but i was receiving public assitance but its no longer active. Can i still file the petition?
She has been on shelter,  I dont know if she was receiving any other type of public assistance unfortunately
Can a notary public take it? is there aspecail form?
Public Housing name id Colonial Square in Amsterdam, ny
If my son is receiving public assistance,  and I give him 5000 to help him during the Pandemic can public assistance take back that money
and the first name to my public defender is Kevin
He said that he was not able to go with a public notary to sign the paper
Hi my name is miles Townes. I have a few. Questions about public assistance
Hi if my friend in public housing already get evicted for a dwi e felony
Okay.. so this isn’t a public defender officr this is  Legal aid or both?
Do I just ask if this person was assigned a public defender
My children and I were forced to go on public assistance
Ok- so the 19 yo must apply for public assistance to get support from his dad?
so the money owe is really for my daughter not the state cause she does not get public assistance no more
I need a public defender for June 30 at 930 am
I dont know who to contact for my defense in a criminal charge. They said i made to much for a public defendant.
What if the parent is receiving public assistance from NY while residing in another state. Is that even possible?
Which public data base  do I find evidence of a judgement entered against my person?
I'm on public assistance and I'm a single mother. The father is in the morgue. So, yes. I qualify. Please help.
A place of public accommodation. A dentist office. We are being denied service.
How do i take him for an DNA and my child receive public assistance
That’s a great idea I have not done that yet - I’ve contacted the public defense in Hudson
Hello how much is the cost for publication in newspaper
Do I need to have public assisstance in order to be eligible for it
Just asking because a few have told me to find a public defender, however the county has none
i need a public defender or no cost lawyer ASAP.
I need help finding a public arrangement, for John Vanberbilt. He was arrested in Nassua county
He says he needs more time to prepare, and then the magistrate adjourns for another 2 weeks. He also has a public defender.
i am also on public assistance do I still have to pay that amount?
i am the one facing these charges but i dont like the public defender i have and dont agree with the charges against me
not that i know of they told me that she was on public assistance therefore they pursued the order
Hi I need help with getting a public defender I was wrongfully arrested
Well, I’m on public assistance and I rarely get my bi weekly checks.
My husband and I are married and in 2008 wasn’t had a public assistance case
public defendor says they are not authorized to assist
I need a lawyer for public assistance case
It took court dates for him properly apply for the public defender.
I’m trying to find info on way a parent who is obligated to pay child support but receive public assistant not be violated?
My public defender is not representing me and has actually got me in more trouble by her misrepresentation
I owe but i dont owe dss i owe my daughter the public assistance case been closed for about 2 months now
Do you know if a person from the public can ask for records of past employees they have hired?
I want to know if a signature certification made by a trusted third party is the same as one made by a notary public
Hello Michael, I received a public urination ticket and I was wondering how I can minimize my cost
Yes I also need information on getting a public defender for my case
would be great, thank you, would you also suggest to contract the Public Administrator?
