okay and how will I make sure it goes to the correct court once Iam done filling it out?
bit before we sign we want to make sure no loopholes
Do you have the Emergency Petition? If so, Can I see it to make sure I have it.?
okay, sorry. just making sure haha
It's been very rough on her, and I want to make sure I do something.
Because I want know make sure still drop Of DV against the on him or me still no matter
I want to make sure I fill this out right so I don’t have to do this again
So they just said they were not sure if they would make the actual move
I just would like to know how to go about doing DNA on a child that might be mine. I just want to make sure
Yes that I understand.  I just meant making sure I'm properly understanding the form and filling it out correctly
I found the same documents, but I wanted to make sure I wasn't missing anything.
So I want to know what to say to the courts to make her pay
ok I wanted to make sure this is a secure chat
I want to be sure that there terms make sense
I just wanted to make sure that I am filling the right paperwork so it's called modification petition
She says to make arrangements to pick it up but we can never get a hold of er to make arrangement  to do that
no she wants to make sure she doesnt have to come back up
Ok thank you I just wanted to make sure I got the right number
I want to make sure I am doing the right thing when filling out this paper work
I want to make sure I'm doing paperwork right and that it gets there
so i just want to make sure that doesn't happen
yes please. I want to make sure I don't get in a trouble for not being able to pay at the moment
my mom started a claim and before they can proceed they want to make sure there are no other children
He would make plans for me to see her but cancels
I am filling out a notice of termination and I want to make sure I am doing it correctly
They want to make sure that the biological father can't undo the adoption once its done
Basically I just want to make sure I'm putting the correct information because if there is any mistakes it will get over thrown in court
Yea I understand i'm.just trying to make sure if I can use this link
one form is for enforcement of the joint making decision, the father is in violation and making unilateral desicions.
I just want to make sure I am printing the correct forms
I need to find someone who can review the lease with me to make sure I am within my rights
I’m thinking form 4-11 but want to make sure I have the right one. Thank you.
so I’m filing a petition and want to make sure paperwork is done right
so that OSC is considered an emergency petition just to make sure i am understanding correctly
Thank you for these links I’ll make sure to contact them.
i just want to make sure there isn't a judgement against me.
so I just wanted to make sure we were referring clients accordingly
I wanted to make sure that the judge has the best interest of the children in mind when ruling on our case
Please give me a minute to make sure I have the right form
I was just looking for what a petition looks like when it's filled out to make sure I did right
There are several columns, you may have to rewatch the video to make sure all have all of them.
No. Making sure no one is hostile towards one another.
I know where the office is but I not sure if it's open or if it make sense to go
okay, i just wanted to make sure i didn't have to send them to the court first to review before i served them
Thanks for your help ,I'll do whatever it takes just to make sure what I should do about this
I’m just going to email it to both my emails so I make sure I have all the info for sure
and believe me I am willing to do what I can to someday make sure that there is a resource or resources available.
Okay I make sure to mention that when  I appear in court?
I want to keep the baby, i just want to make sure i have control over the situation and not her.
I believe so but if I still need help I’ll make sure to ask
Okay, this helps a lot. So I'll make sure to fill out the GF-17 form, and mention it in court.
No, I would like to make sure it has been submitted
Thanks I sent it to myself can you hold so I can make sure I got it
I want to make a new custody agreement
Thank you.  I wanted to make sure that I am not speaking with a 'bot.
just to make sure I give you all the info: I am on a rent-stabilized apt
I just want to make sure since I no longer reside in NY
This is an emergency and I want to make sure this is done prior to her leaving, since she only gave me 30 day notice.
I definitely need preparation help for sure. I will call and make an appointment.
I would like to make sure I have all the legal paperwork
I want to make sure all the papers I need are correct and in order
I'm making some calls to legal aide tomorrow! Just wanted to make sure I wasn't making a mistake! You have a Wonderful evening and thanksgiving!!
Ok thank you. I just wanted to make sure I wouldn't get any of them in trouble allowing him to see his daughter
I need help on acs case I have i think they have taken steps that are not legal i want to make sure im correct
yes there are so many forms I want to make sure he does the right one.
I just want to make sure it’s taken care of
just want to make sure you're still here?
Ok just to make sure. This site will allow a custodial parent to print out a copy of custody papers?
oh ok i wanted to make sure thank you
I have full custody of my son per our divorce paperwork. I am not sure if this makes a difference.
Just wanted to make sure I have the right info to save time tomorrow
she wants to make sure she is doing things the right way
Make sure you don’t refer me to Elliot Polland.
as of right now no i just want to make sure i have all the right information before i do that
I want to make sure i am not supposed to be doing something to initiate the session.
He said I would get a "tracking number" of sort at the end and to make sure I write it down
thanks - they said 4 copies so i want to make sure i have all the proper copies of things
Yes but I want to make sure the oppropriate person receives the information. To help me
Then make sure that she's in a structured environment
Thank you. I agree with it seeming like the same petition. I just wanted to make sure
so just wanted to make sure it won't be an issue which she submits
So I'm having issues with my landlord (3 yes now)and I want to make sure that I can peruse to rent withold
I am looking to start a child support and custody/visitation case and i wanted to make sure I was fillig out the correct forms
I just want to make sure I have filled out my paperwork correctly. I dont need so much advice on my case
To make sure my custody paperwork does not go boys
my ideal solution is to negotiate with roommate to make sure she moves out.
i have done my application on my own but before sending it in i want to make sure everything is correct
i appreciate it I just wanted to make sure we were still connected
Yes please because Im an adult already. I was just on that page and wanted to make sure
I wanted to make sure since I’m paying my obligations
To make sure my custody paperwork does not go void
He wants to make sure that he’s the father
Thanks. It’s terrible. Not sure I’ll make it...
I pay someone to make me something and they didn’t make it
Want to make sure Family Court is the right place to do this
I just wanted to make sure I filled out the form out the right. So they don't send it back to me
i want to make sure that he is accurate before obtaining him to represent me
I just want to make sure everything is included
Just want to make sure I have all the correct information for the court. As they are way behind.
ah alright, just making sure. Thank you
so I'm making sure I do everything according to law
i need to make sure they have my right info
