Are the criminal courts open at the moment in NY?
Are courts open in NYC right now due to the corona?
But in a time like now how would I go about it because the courts aren’t open
I opened a custody case in family court right before the pandemic so its been postponed to further notice
Hello My name is Yurman Yu. Is Brooklyn family court open yet? I have not received any mail regarding my new court date
Just need to know when courts opening. Is their a date yet?
Yes please i know the courts are closed i wanted to start the process now so when the courts open i would have a date
I need to know if Ulster county family court is open for child support cases
Is the court open to file for child support or can I file online
Hi I would like to know if Brooklyn family court is open
Well , if her name was on the court papers and my dad had them - I would assume it was open .
I have an appearance in family court tomorrow at 3:30. The courts are still open
are the courts still open to file or does it have to be efiled ?
because of Covid-19, the Family Court doesn't open , I don't know how to file the extension of this order of protection  by myself now
Hi, How can I find it if  the westchester white plains family court will be open next week?
I would have to call the courts and their not open due to the virus going around..
Is it possible to get this custody agreement modified in NY Family court while the original case is still open?
Hello... I'm just trying to find out if the family court is open today bray becausei need to file for visitination
i have a open child support case in queens
are the courts open now for me to be able to file that petition?
Hello. I'm wondering if family court is open to the public for child support modification or can I do it online?
and with covid-19 happening i am not sure if courts are open .
I signed up to get alerts that the unified court system is open
Is family court open so I can get this started
I live in brooklyn and want to file online but the courts are not open to public
For some reason they will not open. Going to try to copy and paste
I want to know when are the courts opening up for child support cases
Are courts open in Brooklyn for family court
I need to know when nyc family court open in queen jamaica...
And also are the courts open already due to the COVID-19
Yes I have a court case coming up and I was given the time 9.30pm. Are courts really open then
I would like to know due to covid if family court is open so I can file a custody petition
Can I do it online somehow? The courts arent opened now
Are the family courts open for custody and visitation ?
are the courts open so i can go an try to stop it
I'm trying to open your email but I'm unable to open it.
I am looking for lawyer to open new business
hi i need to know if there the support office in Syracuse , ny is open
Is the family court in goshen, ny open today?
because since courts aren’t open yet I can’t file in person right?
Would u happen to have a link to apply to open a case with family court?
Is the family court in goshen,ny open today?
HotheCounty Exec will will give opening remarksw can I register for the discussiono
Are Westchester county family courts open?
Family Court said they are open but petitions go online
Or if they not open yet. Is there any day estimate to be reopen
Is family court open also in Manhattan
I'm trying to finalize my divorce and need to get a case onthe court calendar. Are the courts still open for this?
Are the family courts open to process this type of issue?
Any idea why my download of the filled-in form is not opening?
She cant open a case for custody against me in FLa...if I already opened one against her here.
hello I was wondering if family court was open so I could file a petition for visitation rights?
are you able to tell me if family court in Manhattan is open
alright thanks the court housess arent open yet right all virtiual
So how am I going to turn in the form to the court office is not open to the public
I have a court date on March 30th at 9am at Queens family court for child custody. Will they be opened?
Hello is bronx  family  court  open
or if the Family Court in Brooklyn Jay St is open to allow new peitions to be filed?
Wanted to know is family court open I have a court date 6/25/20 for an order of protection
Hi. Do you know when the family court will open to public?
I want to know if the court is open for married register because i tried to call nobody is answering?
do I take it to the court after I fill it out or do I mail it since court is not open fully?
Hi is the court house open today
Hi, are the courts open to file new petitions for custody?
I have a court today I want to know is the court house is open
Yeah it says new cases won’t be heard until court is open
Yes i just wanted to know if it was possible to find out if the courts are open now
Are courts for evictions still open ,I have a court date today
OH ONE MORE QUESTION WHAT PART OF THE FAMILY COURT SYSTEM IS OPEN IF ANY?
Both, in order to keep all options open, I think would be wise. I appreciate your help.
I also opened a child support case
I need to find an attorney to help me with a case I would like to open in family court in regards to custody
Yes. I would like to ask if any family court in Queens or Brooklyn open
Is family ct open this week on Thursday or still clossed
.i would like to know if the courts are open to file for modification
Quick question, if I am going to be an administrator do i need to open an estate account?
I'm not sure if the family courts are open to take new cases
How can I open a case for no payments from chield support?
Good day, I need to file child support violation petition. Are courts opened?
I would like to know when will the family court be open to file a custody petition
So unless the circumstances are really serious it would have to wait until courts open?
Michael I tried to open those links and they won’t open
One more thing.  If I have to file in person, are the courts open, so I can do so?
Where can I file online I guess or when do the courts open back up
well, i'm scared to open my window
I want to file for custody and would like to know if the court rooms are already open for this particular matter?
will the yonkers court allow me to do this or do i have to wait until they open fully
Ok they are open . Yes makes since , so I go into family court and ask for emergency jurisdiction
I just wanted to know is the Bronx family court open
Also how do I open a child support case and where do I send it to?
is there somehwere to file for custody of a child in NY? are courts open?
Do u know when the office physically opened?
OK.  I will try.  Are the courts open for legion filing in person?
The court house is not opened is there a electronic way ?
Ok thank you. Are the courts open to file this
I just want to know of the court house Will be Open on april 22
Hello when family court open in queen nyc...
and also if the center is open for walk ins
I might have to wait until this gets better and they open courts up
i need to know if court house is open for new cases like mines and if it’s possible to get the filing papers
Yes I need help are there any Courts open so I can file
Because the courts are not open I need to do it on the NYS courts. Gov website. What you sent me was PDF form.
Is there a date to open or except custody petitions?
I’m sorry I don’t have case. I just wanted to know if courts were open
Are the  courts open now where you can go in and file the papers.
Is family court on Monday April 20 open for child support cases?
Is family court open right now to file petitions
the managment said as soon as the court open i'll be evicted
Do you know what date the courts are scheduled to open back up?
Hello, I wanted to know about child support services. Is family court open? And am o
if court doesn’t open in another 6 motnhs
Specifically, if the courts are not open unless it is an emergency, do I have any options?
Is Westchester county family court open?
Ohh i thought they reopened yesterday. Do you know when court will be open. How can i find updates.
How do I file if the court is only open to essential cases?
I need to know what this is all about and the other parties name and why the case is open
because the problem they not open I can’t wait for open the courts and they still taking money
Are you able to tell me if family court is open
is the curt open for that cuz i think they only open for emergency casses
I wanted to know if courts are open to fill out a modification of support or how can I do it electronically
Is family court in nyc open yet?
also wanted to know if the courts are open due to the Covid-19?
is family court in white plains open
can I get help there as well? Is the court open?
is court open for filing custody & to change visitation
Do you know if family court is open.  I need the actual court ordered visitation papers. .. and yes u can transfer me , thank u
i am talking to family solutions to take custody of my daughter but they asked me to see wh'en courts re open
I need to start a new child support and custody case I’m Brooklyn. Are the courts open?
I wanted to know if the courts are open in Brooklyn to start a petition for child support?
Are NY Criminal courts are open due to the COVID-19?
I know, but I want to figure this out so when the court opens I can be ready
There is a Cps case open and I want to file for custody
Hi, How can I find it if the westchester white plains family court will be open next week?
Is Ulster county Surrogate Court open for walk in
okay...is there a way that I can know when the courts are open? I have check the website but doesn’t say much
I like to know if the family courts are open yet?
Is the courts open to file for custody of my child ?
It’s ok I will be going in to the court house on wensday hopfully they are open
I need to know if Family Court is open
First need to no if family court in Richmond county is open and can u file paper work
Are the nyc courts open for petition filing?
Is family court open to file a paternity petition
Just want you to know if you're open because I need a renewal of my voucher
thank you. Also is the Family Bronx court open? I have court this month but only received a document stating that is Virtual Chambers
Hello, is the Orange County family court open?
I will like to know is family court open serving non essential cases
it has it be a separate case ? Even when one is open?
Family court isnt open yet...
How can I check if there’s an open custody case
All I would like to know if the courts are opened.
I wish to file a case against the 67th precint when will the court be open ?
Oh ok...do you have a idea when these offices would be opening back up?
Please i have everything to start this casw back open
thank you , I wanted to know if the court is open for filing for custody and go change a visitation agreement
One more thing...is the family court in nyc open as yet
I was wondering whether the family court in the Bronx Is open
any idea when the courts are open what department do i ask for
but Ontario county family court dose open back up on tuesday
Do you know if they are seeing these cases or is this going to be acknowledged when the courts open back up
I want to open a child support case
First i would like to know if family court is expected to be open on Friday with all this COVID-19  going around
I wanted to know if the bronx family court was open?
Hi are you able to file for custody online or do we have to wait until the courts open back up
Can you please let me know if Queens county family court is open?
would you happen to know if the courts are open?
Already involved,  but want to open a new case
